i do n't know the exact measurements but they are around the size of the palm of your hand . i hope that helps .
primary blue
no , the times are left blank . even the analog clock is blank . you can write the digital time and the analog time on it with a dry-erase marker .
no , the bottom is accordian pleated with no binding .
the paper can not be replaced . it is smythe-sewn which means `` smyth sewingsmyth sewing is a method of book binding where groups of folded pages ( referred to as signatures ) are stitched together using binder thread . each folded signature is sewn together individually with multiple stiches and then joined with other signatures to create the complete book block .
thank you for your inquiry . this item has a week on each spread and does not have interior illustrations .
yes , but with different ease . in the front and back it opens almost completely flat . the closer you get to the middle , the more it bulges like most journals do . however , unlike most journals and sketchbooks , the bulging is n't very prominent because the spine is n't as tight , and the pages do n't resist being pressed flat ; the weight of your hand or the pressure of writing will be enough to hold it flat without distorting your pen stroke .
sorry i 'm not familiar w all the functions . i use it mainly to look up verses & passages as i prep . lesson to teach on sundaywhen you open it you see all the functions listed .i 've not tried them all .
up to 4x4 i believe .
yes , i 've switched the cards throughout the year to make patterns and the pockets have worked with all my cards .
no , it is not spiral bound . it 's a regular book binding .
i just bought this calendar and mine does not . in fact , i 've never known this version to have magnets . it does have three holes at the top . i used to use two hooks from a shoe organizer to hang mine on over a magnetic wipe board in the kitchen . that way it created an information `` station . ''
about 5.25 inches
you have to press the button code at the bottom and letter v at the same time ...
no , batteries lasted many years . i 'm glad it came with the batteries installed , my wife was the one who unpacked it and she would have broken the calculator trying to put batts in . hahaha
i have no idea . first calculator i have ever owned with no instruction book . works fine for all standard calculations , but no hints on situations like yours .
i imagine there 's a watch type battery in it that you can replace . but there 's a solar battery in it and i 've been using these for years and have never had to replace try battery yet .
not sure what you 're asking
yes it can . for a quick look at some of the things it can do in the way of trig check out this page : http : www.prenhall.com divisions esm app graphing ti86 home_screen function_keys trig_keys trig.htmlalso , the full manual for the ti-86 may be found here for more detail : http : www.math.oregonstate.edu home programs undergrad ti_manuals ti86guidebook.pdf
they are approximately 80-100 lb . weight . they are as heavy as some card stock but not as heavy as all of the store-bought cards . card stocks are all over the map in weight , plus two of the same weight may not be the same thickness . if they are too heavy they wo n't go through my hp officejet pro 8600. i 've tried a few brands ( staples house , ampad , office depot house ) . avery is the only one that feeds reliably through my printer ( i use 4 different kinds of avery cards ) , even though it is n't the heaviest weight . card recipients do n't care ; they love getting personalized cards .
yes , as i recall it was made and packaged by canon . it works just fine after being used for several months .
the texas instrument ti 30x second calculator is a two-line scientific calculator for maths courses . the ba 2 plus financial calculator is a specific finance calculator for finance college courses . also , this calculator can help to perform common maths.hopefully this helps you .
i have only used this fax machine on occasion since i do n't have a business . i recently had 18 pages to fax over to a company , but put 10 pages in at a time facing the documents with the text side down , and it worked lie a charm . when i was on the 18th page , i laid the remainer of the pages where the pages go , and it worked fine . i did n't have to make a 2nd call .
no . those cartridges , though advertised as new , are out-of-carton and out-of-date cartridges . the one i bought never worked from the get-go . due to their age , the ink is these cartridges is often dry . for a better deal , go to hp.com and use an hp coupon code , and with free shippiing and one-day delivery , this is a much better deal . however , i give the amazon seller credit for providing me a full refund very quickly without requiring return of the cartridge .
i do n't have the slightest idea..i use mind rather quickly ... sorry
yes it is .
works well on anything photo , card , document , you wish to [ protect , and it `` sticks '' very well together .
yes this calculator is pretty useful for everything except graphing .
i ordered this product and received it broken . i suggest you not buy this it 's a piece of junk .
always have an extra ribbon on hand , leave it in the package til you need it and check the expire date .
yes , with the exception of the type removal correction . i avoid using the correction key as the correction ribbon needs to be adjusted after a correction . this in turn means removing the black ribbon , and re-positioning it . by the time you are finished whatever you were typing is no longer acceptable .
the type wheel is the english alphabet letters , so any language that uses the same alphabet can be typed . there is no key which includes the umlaut sign .
i would n't trust it due to the humidity that occurs in a bathroom . you 're better off with a traditional mirror hanger in this situation .
i agree with galabb about using a little heat especially still this is paneling . everything else may leave a residue on that spot . i 'd tell you to use a putty knife or razor blade , but not on paneling unless you can match the stain you 'll be taking off . for the next go around , try using 3m scotch command tape . it 's removable and comes with a hook .
what kind of mirror ? if used on just a flat glass mirror with no frame , it could be a hazard when removed . it would be likely that the mirror would break before an attached spot would pull free . a broken glass mirror is an extreme cut hazard . in such case , regular mirror clips of plastic that attach by screws would be safer . however , if this is the best attachment method , then clean both surfaces with regular rubbing alcohol for good ahesion and figure that a one inch section of this tape will hold about 2.5 pounds and follow the instructions on the package for attachment . at least three points of attachment should be made . be sure that both surfaces for attachment are free of wax , loose paint , oil , and dirt . it works ! what kind of mirror ? if used on just a flat glass mirror with no frame , it could be a hazard when removed . it would be likely that the mirror would break before an attached spot would pull free . a broken glass mirror is an extreme cut hazard . in such case , regular mirror clips of plastic that attach by screws would be safer . however , if this is the best attachment method , then clean both surfaces with regular rubbing alcohol for good ahesion and figure that a one inch section of this tape will hold about 2.5 pounds and follow the instructions on the package for attachment . at least three ... » read more what kind of mirror ? if used on just a flat glass mirror with no frame , it could be a hazard when removed . it would be likely that the mirror would break before an attached spot would pull free . a broken glass mirror is an extreme cut hazard . in such case , regular mirror clips of plastic that attach by screws would be safer . however , if this is the best attachment method , then clean both surfaces with regular rubbing alcohol for good ahesion and figure that a one inch section of this tape will hold about 2.5 pounds and follow the instructions on the package for attachment . at least three points of attachment should be made . be sure that both surfaces for attachment are free of wax , loose paint , oil , and dirt . it works ! « show less
each slot will hold 7 pages easily . it gets a little tight with more , but also a bit more stable . i just stuck 9 pagers into one slot , and it could still hold a few more .
i do n't think so ... i used a regular ink jet and they came out fine . i did n't touch them right away ( 5-10 minutes ) to be safe . i also did some on a laser jet , those were ready to use just about instantly and did n't smudge at all . i had great luck and no smudging with these lables .
no , these labels will not work in the seiko smart label printers .
use strathmore stamping cards to mount my pictures since i like the paper wt and quality.tried avery for slightly larger size . liked quality & weight of paper . each sheet gives you 2 cards.crisp clean lines and set folds makes for easy use . card stock quality . good luck . marie : )
no
folds without breaking -it is scored so it is easy to fold - it is not perforated with holes so it would tear . i use these for all the cards i print .
i 'm not for sure if it is acid free or not ... but i have been using this paper for fine art prints for years ... nothing has faded so far . great paper with excellent results on a epson printer !
you can do it with 26 '' width space , the `` l '' shape brackets ( to hold the slide rail ) that are to be screwed to the bottom of your desk top have to be facing inward versus outward ( require 29 '' if facing outward )
120v
book - you can connect a longer phone cord if you please . thanks !
yes ! and the phone is solid and very clear ! love it
i do n't know exactly . i purchased franklin lm6000b speaking language master from amazon four years ago . it 's an excellent piece . it 's indeed a speaking dictionary . it pronounces words , not sentences . it can pronounce a sentences but in words and not as coherent as a spoken sentence . good piece indeed . my children also used it comfortably .
it looks all original to me . no reason to doubt that it is as advertised .
some brand new ones come with a charger , but most run on standard or rechargeable batteries . however , some brand new ones and some used ones come with an adaptor cord that is extremely helpful and necessary for some instructors to download their specific special functions . example : taking a statistics class with an instructor that uses specific programs functions that require students to be in sink to work through specific problems , etc . etc . ti-83 covers all college university programs functions capabilities , either built in or easily downloadable .
no , only comes with serial cord , works only with older laptops , ie . windows 98 and such . dos based only , not nt based systems .
the date-stamp on these inkjet cartridges is a warranty expiration date . there is no product expiration date on the package
made in indonesia
the only epson paper i purchases is a gp spectrum , multi-use ... i am very happy with it and will re-order when needed ... 145 whiteness 92 brightness ... weight 20-75 ( g m2 )
connie ... ... .4 by 3.5 inchesthis is areal gemyou wo n't be sorryhans lans
it 's in the little book of directions that comes with the phone.1 . pick up the handset from the phone base2 . press and release the `` program '' button on the base unit '' 3. press in the number in you want to save3 . press the speed dial button you want to program - hang uprinse repeat for the other 10 speed dial buttons
when i ordered mine , i received one package 1 ream of 500 sheets of paper . it is good quality paper too . it says 20 lbs , so i would think a case of paper weighs alot more than 20 lbs .
ruth : the ribbon is a brother cartridge with a reorder number of 1230 , color : black . for use with all brother ax , gx , ml , sx , wpt , zx series and models . if you need the lift-off correction tapes , they are brother reorder number 3010 .
i really do n't recall ( it was a couple of yrs ago ) , but do remember i was disappointed in the colors bleeding ( thus 'weatherproof ' must be taken with a grain of salt ) and wound up buying 8 mil gloss white brochure and flyer paper from staples , which held up much better !
no ... . it can only project through a transparent medium . you can 'sketch ' your painting into a line art , print that on transparent film , and then draw the design on the wall . you 'd then have to repaint , of course . muralists do it all the time . try it !
yes
did n't get a user 's guide with it . plugged it into the phonejack as marked . the battery will only lasts about 5 to 7 years . it is easy to replace it , just take the old one to radio shack or wal-mart to purchase a new one . remember the markings : + and - before removing it .
that date is the warranty . it can print 13,000 pages 5 % ( if you buy 3 , it will long 39000 print pages ) i use it 3 moth after date whitout problems .
that date is the warranty . it can print 13,000 pages 5 % ( if you buy 3 , it will long 39000 print pages ) i use it 3 moth after date whitout problems .
no caller id . it 's a pity . wish it did
yes , definitely .
not being the seller , just a buyer of this product , i can not tell you the date on `` this offering '' . i can share that the products received were all of current date ( none expired ) and was happy with them !
usually a bargain price is associated with a recently or close to expiring date . i do n't recall the date on my most recent purchase but have had no problems
i have not tried to use the phone without batteries . however , looking at the manual , it does seem to imply that the batteries need to be in place to use a headset . the phone itself will work without batteries , but some of the features wo n't . you can see the entire manual here : http : service.us.panasonic.com opermanpdf kxts105b.pdfthe phone does not come with an ac adapter , so power outtages will not affect it one way or the other .
no - there is no caller id - i have the service , my other phones show it , and the batteries are in - there is no caller id . i bought this based on the person who said it does have caller id . it has call waiting , it does not have caller id .
jeffrey , it should be jpeg ( jpg ) , tiff and bmp .
i replaced my drum about 3 years ago for my mfc 4800. from the markings on the package i concluded it was a genuine brother . it worked well until about 2 months ago when it started leaving grey streaks . i 'm not sure if the problem is the drum unit or the toner cartridge . note also that i only use the unit as a printer . also , i have found that the off-brand toner cartridges leave streaks . if your using an off brand toner cartridge , you might find replacing it with a brother cartridge will solve the problem . good luck .
not sure what 'stamper ' means . i use a round hard plastic application disk to line up and press label and cd together . glue hold extremely well ; once it sticks to cd , that 's it .
i seriously doubt it . i finally threw it out because it was too old and would not work on my newer xp version or windows 8 machine . i got the message it was already loaded , but it was not there in either machine . too bad because only decent program i could find that let you change your art to jpg format . all the other programs i have tried you can only open the art work with the program you made it with and could n't find any conversion software online that worked either
decimals yes , commas , no
no
i use it to hold my 32 '' flat screen television along with a dvd player while my wii sits underneath it . i also have an hp deskjet all in one printer fax copier that weighs less than my tv . it will hold a printer , it 's pretty sturdy .
i do n't know since i never used a disposable camera . i do know that this is the best paper on the market with a thickness of 75 pounds . hp makeas a cheaper version , but it is not as thick .
identical i used to own the ti92 as well .
if you do not go very fast ! : ) i had one on my vehicle but it was n't long before i noticed it was gone ... assuming rain weather and speed played a part of the loss but canot be completly sure . the magnet sheets are not water proof , even if layered with clear laminate so ink will bleed if it gets wet in rain .
i think it could handle up to a 32 inch maybe even a forty . i think it has a weight limit of 40 lbs so that is pretty good . stand is really very nice and very sturdy .
both .
hi tom , avery always worked compatibly with ms. never had trouble until now . well , lately after ms updates i 've blue screened using click n design ( 3d ) cd label and design software . yes , it comes with a dvd to install like a regular app . i installed the whole disc easily on my dell pc windows 7 84 bit home premium 435t 9000. i turned off the firewall and my webroot programs before intallation . the one problem i ran into was where to install it . it lists all the places by naming ( listing ) each program and you just pick with what program you want it to work in conjunction with . ( that 's the part i guessed at and rather than pick a program i chose 'administrator ' because i made myself administrator of all the progams i have ( or they would n't work ! ) . i 've got roxio , creative sound blaster z , window player and itunes . probably there 's others . but i always used this after i burned the disc and had the app find the music tracks and read them from e or f driver for the track names i was doing just find after it completed installation and designing the front cd case . so easy ! the pre-designed were pretty awful and old fashion looking yet i was willing to complete one insert conplete and printed . but no ! microsoft stopped the action because it decided i was having problems . no , i was n't , they were ! they said the program i wanted help with would take me to a solution and to type the problem in to find the right 'drivers ' i needed . well how can you type what the problem was went nothing was listed wrong ? bizarre . so , i closed out of ms website and i blue screened ! it rebooted to 'normal recommended ' and it did but i ca n't find the app now ! so , here i am not knowing what to do ! i used to make 100 's if cd labels and front and back inserts for my various oldie favorites and even inserted album fronts and stuck in backgrounds of my own photos and clip art . so , i 'm so stuck and feel this problem is between microst.com and avery . no recipiprocity.hope i can figure something out.if so , i 'll let you know . i try to never give bum info but this is what happened to mebest of luck to you ! if i figure out something or learn something i will let you know . bye for now , awcantor - az hi tom , avery always worked compatibly with ms. never had trouble until now . well , lately after ms updates i 've blue screened using click n design ( 3d ) cd label and design software . yes , it comes with a dvd to install like a regular app . i installed the whole disc easily on my dell pc windows 7 84 bit home premium 435t 9000. i turned off the firewall and my webroot programs before intallation . the one problem i ran into was where to install it . it lists all the places by naming ( listing ) each program and you just pick with what program you want it to work in conjunction with ... . » read more hi tom , avery always worked compatibly with ms. never had trouble until now . well , lately after ms updates i 've blue screened using click n design ( 3d ) cd label and design software . yes , it comes with a dvd to install like a regular app . i installed the whole disc easily on my dell pc windows 7 84 bit home premium 435t 9000. i turned off the firewall and my webroot programs before intallation . the one problem i ran into was where to install it . it lists all the places by naming ( listing ) each program and you just pick with what program you want it to work in conjunction with . ( that 's the part i guessed at and rather than pick a program i chose 'administrator ' because i made myself administrator of all the progams i have ( or they would n't work ! ) . i 've got roxio , creative sound blaster z , window player and itunes . probably there 's others . but i always used this after i burned the disc and had the app find the music tracks and read them from e or f driver for the track names i was doing just find after it completed installation and designing the front cd case . so easy ! the pre-designed were pretty awful and old fashion looking yet i was willing to complete one insert conplete and printed . but no ! microsoft stopped the action because it decided i was having problems . no , i was n't , they were ! they said the program i wanted help with would take me to a solution and to type the problem in to find the right 'drivers ' i needed . well how can you type what the problem was went nothing was listed wrong ? bizarre . so , i closed out of ms website and i blue screened ! it rebooted to 'normal recommended ' and it did but i ca n't find the app now ! so , here i am not knowing what to do ! i used to make 100 's if cd labels and front and back inserts for my various oldie favorites and even inserted album fronts and stuck in backgrounds of my own photos and clip art . so , i 'm so stuck and feel this problem is between microst.com and avery . no recipiprocity.hope i can figure something out.if so , i 'll let you know . i try to never give bum info but this is what happened to mebest of luck to you ! if i figure out something or learn something i will let you know . bye for now , awcantor - az « show less
the back side of the picture card is already printed when you buy it .
no , typically these phones do not come with a power adapter . they can be powered by a power-over-ethernet ( poe ) networking switch so power supplies are typically sold separately . this is how cisco sells them.cp-pwr-cube-2 or cp-pwr-cube-3 are the part numbers for the power adapter . the cp-pwr-cube-2 power adapter is commonly used to provide power to the cisco 7960 , 7960g , 7940 , 7940g , 7914 , 7912g , 7910g , 7905g and 7902g . the cp-pwr-cube-3 power supply can be used with a wider range of cisco phones . revision 3 of the cisco power cube provides better support for phones that draw higher wattages , such as the 7971g-ge and 7985g . it is compatible with the following cisco phones : 7902g , 7905g , 7910g , 7910g+sw , 7911g , 7912g , 7940 , 7940g , 7941g , 7941g-ge , 7942g , 7960 , 7960g , 7961g , 7961g-ge , 7970g , 7971g-ge , 7975g , 7914 , 7915 , 7916 , 6911 , 6921 , 6941 , 6961 , 7821 , 7841 , 7861 , 8941 , and 8945. no , typically these phones do not come with a power adapter . they can be powered by a power-over-ethernet ( poe ) networking switch so power supplies are typically sold separately . this is how cisco sells them.cp-pwr-cube-2 or cp-pwr-cube-3 are the part numbers for the power adapter . the cp-pwr-cube-2 power adapter is commonly used to provide power to the cisco 7960 , 7960g , 7940 , 7940g , 7914 , 7912g , 7910g , 7905g and 7902g . the cp-pwr-cube-3 power supply can be used with a wider range of cisco phones . revision 3 of the cisco power cube provides better support for phones that draw ... » read more no , typically these phones do not come with a power adapter . they can be powered by a power-over-ethernet ( poe ) networking switch so power supplies are typically sold separately . this is how cisco sells them.cp-pwr-cube-2 or cp-pwr-cube-3 are the part numbers for the power adapter . the cp-pwr-cube-2 power adapter is commonly used to provide power to the cisco 7960 , 7960g , 7940 , 7940g , 7914 , 7912g , 7910g , 7905g and 7902g . the cp-pwr-cube-3 power supply can be used with a wider range of cisco phones . revision 3 of the cisco power cube provides better support for phones that draw higher wattages , such as the 7971g-ge and 7985g . it is compatible with the following cisco phones : 7902g , 7905g , 7910g , 7910g+sw , 7911g , 7912g , 7940 , 7940g , 7941g , 7941g-ge , 7942g , 7960 , 7960g , 7961g , 7961g-ge , 7970g , 7971g-ge , 7975g , 7914 , 7915 , 7916 , 6911 , 6921 , 6941 , 6961 , 7821 , 7841 , 7861 , 8941 , and 8945 . « show less
we use several of them . all using twain drivers . will not work with windows 7 64 bit . we were able to get them to work with window 7 32 bit . works best with xp
we have purchased two and neither have smelled bad .
it is canola oil according to the fellowest company and product identification page at http : www.officedepot.com pdf msds 365153.pdf . curious why people just guess or say `` i do n't know '' when posting . it would help us all if you did n't waste our time having to read messages that say `` i do n't know . '' : )
yes the sticker on the bottom says it is made in the usa , distributed by sanford brands , oak brook , il . www.sanford.com
yes it does .
i am not sure what you mean by smallest spline . i have one of these . there is only one size hole that it makes . the setup appears to be made to fun down the side of the page but i ran one across the top 8 1 2 side and it worked fine .
it will cut regular poster board , not just the real thin stuff . use a quick , firm stroke . it also helps to pull the cutting blade slightly toward the wooden bed as you cut .
its about 8 per page , i think . one thing i did find odd about this particular directory is that there is no space for an email address or ( specifically identified as such anyway ) a cell phone number . it seems like it needs to be `` updated '' a bit to be more suitable for `` modern times '' ? in general though , at-a-glance provides a great product !
the stamped area is 2 '' x 3 4 '' . there are 25 letters per line , 5 lines . the font is blocked upper case .
no , it does not .
it will tell you total hours worked , you need to enter that into your payroll system to calculate o t. we pay bi-weekly and end up having to look at the total hours at the end of the pay periods . it will keep a running total of hours .
yes . it comes with screws and plastic drywall anchors .
150 pages
i 've used these boxes for three different moves . they are very strong and have been stacked 4 boxes high , packed with everything from heavy , breakable dishes . they work great .
there is no gauge listed for this product . i even pulled out the information sheet for this product . all i can say is it 's suitable for storage , acid free and archival safe . more than suitable for photos , which are what these are for . sorry i ca n't be more helpful .
i use this for all my projects and assignments . ive been able to fit 3 papers plus 10 8x10 photos in one protector .
yes you can , but it does n't come off very well without alcohol .
one foot deep , eleven inches wide , and nine inches tall .
yes , from what i understand it can be stamped every hour . whether or not it stamps am or pm is not known off-hand ... we use it seasonally so it 's been awhile ... .
the pointer is lightweight metal . it would probably last thru a few dives but i will warn , it is easily bent ... though also easy to straighten .
no smell , great comfort . even the cat loves it .
hi gem ! unfortunately , this listing is assorted , meaning we are unable to pick and choose the colors.you may receive any of the shown colors.thank you , aistebisonoffice
hello ! i print my own cards and i have two printers that i have used to print cards using this card stock . i have a hewelett packard ( hp ) officejet pro 8500 ( it 's the older of my two printers ) and a canon mg 6220. actually , both printers do a fine job of printing using this card stock . ( i make all of my cards for birthday 's , get well , etc . ) i love doing it and this card stock works very nicely . betsy
there is an eraser .
i ordered these for my multi and they do not work .
yes , the bold will work in your 301 .
hello . i 'm not sure . i 've only used them in my somewhat old shaeffer .
surface needs to be at least 1 2 inch to 3 4 inch of good wood surface not flake board and screwed in the wood not nailed . this is an excellent sharpener and will provide many years of service . i have one mounted for 23 years and is still working like the day i bought it . both of mine are mounted on vertical surfaces .
they are refillable , despite what the description and packaging state . first , you remove the eraser , then you turn the nose until a little plastic piece falls out ( it will have the last of the lead inside ) . pull the spent lead out the plastic piece , put a new lead in , then carefully guide the lead into the spring in the body of the pencil . turn the nose until the lead starts to feed , then replace the eraser . it might sound complicated , but it takes maybe a minute .
no they do n't
pc 909-grass green , pc 933-violet blue , pc 924-crimson red , pc 932-violet , pc 935-black , pc 938-white , pc 946-dark brown , pc 903-true blue , pc 945- sienna brown , pc 912-apple green , pc 918-orange , pc 916-canary yellow . i hope this helps .
i got one white , 5 shades of yellow including an actual gold pencil , 2 orangey colors ( two of the yellows are bordering on orange ) , 3 shades of pink , 5 reds , 5 purple , 5 blue , 8 greens , 1 teal , 1 aquamarine , 6 browns , 1 peachy- tan , 1 black and 1 silver . that is just a generalization of the colors . over all i think it 's a good set cause the color spectrum varies between yellow and orange and pink and red ... etc . it 's hard to tell where one color stops and another one starts . that 's a good sign to me cause there are lots of `` in between '' choices .
no it does not .
great question . yes its sticky enough to discourage cats from stepping on it . it 's also easy to remove off counter tops and wo n't hurt your cats ' paws : )
it can run on batteries or has a power plug . use it my truck with a inverter most of the time instead of replacing the 6 aa batteries .
these have an inside layer that makes them thicker . they are very fit ! not flimsy or thin .
twelve individual erasers in a cardboard box .
yes . i used to look like this : http : 2.bp.blogspot.com -- 7ihpccaz8q ty3p2evokci aaaaaaaaeg4 gs7c7l8cvc4 s1600 powder_1.jpgnow i totally look like this : http : s3.amazonaws.com ink_prod photos 0043 7920 austininkfest_612_large.jpg
i have found through the years , that this expo spray cleaner is the best when it comes to eliminating old marker . i 've not had any issues with the cleaner removing any dry erase marker , no matter how long it has been on a whiteboard or a dry erase surface . i will just say it does not remove permanent marker , though , nor does it remove dry erase marker from a different type of surface . a fellow teacher once mistakenly wrote with a dry erase marker on a projection screen and this did not work to remove it . but if you use it for its intended purpose , it should work great .
i have not had a problem with mine at all . you cant staple a large number of pages but other than that - i love it
these are the only staples that work great and do n't jam up in my stapler but although the box has an address in east greenwich , rhode island , it says `` made in china '' . boo hoo ! one would think that good staples could be made in the usa . i 'll have to do some research .
yes
hi ! yes they will . i used the same standard staples , actually it will use 2 of them each time and it works just fine .
you can not use the tray for multiple pages . there is a slot on top of the machine for this . i just tried 3 pages with out any problem , i tried four and it worked but no for 5 sheets . it is only recommended to fold 3. each set of three would have to be put in the slot one group at a time . much better then folding them by hand . i just bought this not to long ago . we use it for the c fold . it took about 15 minutes to unpack and setup in place . took maybe 20 practice tries to get the settings perfect and we have folded almost 5,000 so far with out any issue . one thing we did was with the catch tray . we took a piece of cardboard a little wider then the machine and a little bigger then the tray , this sits in the catch tray on a slight angle down slope away from the machine . this keeps them from falling off . you can not use the tray for multiple pages . there is a slot on top of the machine for this . i just tried 3 pages with out any problem , i tried four and it worked but no for 5 sheets . it is only recommended to fold 3. each set of three would have to be put in the slot one group at a time . much better then folding them by hand . i just bought this not to long ago . we use it for the c fold . it took about 15 minutes to unpack and setup in place . took maybe 20 practice tries to get the settings perfect and we have folded almost 5,000 so far with out any issue . one thing we did was with the catch ... » read more you can not use the tray for multiple pages . there is a slot on top of the machine for this . i just tried 3 pages with out any problem , i tried four and it worked but no for 5 sheets . it is only recommended to fold 3. each set of three would have to be put in the slot one group at a time . much better then folding them by hand . i just bought this not to long ago . we use it for the c fold . it took about 15 minutes to unpack and setup in place . took maybe 20 practice tries to get the settings perfect and we have folded almost 5,000 so far with out any issue . one thing we did was with the catch tray . we took a piece of cardboard a little wider then the machine and a little bigger then the tray , this sits in the catch tray on a slight angle down slope away from the machine . this keeps them from falling off . « show less
i 'm not sure if it 's the same product as the # 11439 , but it is the dry lift off tape . sorry i ca n't be more help !
press select to get to setting mode . press up or down button to get to date setting . press select again . change flashing digit by pressing up or down button . go to the next digit by pressing right button . when everything is correct press select button . use these same instructions to make any kind of changes in the settings .
yes it is .
hi , the package says it is 24lb , 98 brightness , 500 sheets , 8 1 2 x 11 '' . i hope this helps !
to be honest , i am not really sure if it is or not but what i do know is if you plan to preserve your print on this paper then make sure it is properly encased in something . i pretty sure very few paper can withstand the elements in its rare form . i have printed copies and placed them within a binder and they have lasted for at least two years now and are still in excellent condidtion . i hope this gives you some insight to your question .
the tires are inflatable .
6 were in mine .
no do n't buy this it a great big piece of junk
you can trim to the edges to the outer edges of the laminate
yes , the tags are blank and you can add your own logo or design .
the same as any paper
yes , they can go either way ; they are blank .
yes , i would think so .
the pin attachment on the back of the badge appears to be open enough to allow hooking onto a lanyard .
i am pretty sure they do n't . i think it 's on the box to accentuate the white label .
it does n't use an ink cartridge , it uses a ribbon instead . the ribbon in the machine when it arrives is good for aprox . 30 copies of pages or fax reports . i have n't yet to change the ribbon as i use the machine mainly as fax machine and do n't require the fax reports . it works as a copy machine nicely . i hope that this info helps .
kinda . it 's a special adhesive on both flaps of envelope . when pressed together they get glued pretty well . hope that helps . i 've been using those type of envelopes for a while and have no complaints !
plain paper on rolls . it 's not thermal if that is what you mean .
the shelves on the sides can not stand on their own . the shelves can be removed .
i pull up on the glass part with my fingers while pushing down on the little black pieces at the corners - two at a time .
sorry , i do n't really know . we use it on a sharp cash register .
yes , i had no problem and i was happy to get it .
yes . this door stop has a thin rubber base that is effective on most surfaces , including carpet .
yes they are . they so work well .
no , it is more for a brochure . regular sized paper folded in half .
i adjusted my stand to fit your 7.25 inch cpu and the outside width of the stand will then be 10.25 inches , so it seems that it wo n't work for you . i hope i am not missing anything here but i think i have your question clear . the stand will be 3 inches wider than any cpu size that you put inside .
michelle asked '' can you use a headset with this phone ? '' yes , michelle , you can use a headset with the panasonic kx-ts3282w desk phone , but their user manual does does a pretty good job of concealing how to do it well . that manual lists several panasonic part-numbered headsets ( easy to find on amazon or ebay ) that plug directly into the 2.5mm headset jack on that phone . what they do not make obvious is that their battery-powered backup system ( for if or when your electric power goes down ) is hooked up only to the handset jack wiring . it is not hooked up to give you backup service for the headset jack 's wiring.if you want to handle most calls with a headset , and if you want to avoid both ( a ) dropped calls when a power outage hits , and ( b ) the inability to make or receive calls during a power outage , i 've found two workarounds that overstock.com ( where i bought my panasonic ) knew nothing about.1 . from bgmicro.com in garland , tx , i ordered a velleman telephone & multimedia headset w mic , their part # hsmt1 . their current website price is $ 18.75 . that headset comes with a critically important adapter ( that i have n't found anywhere else ) that lets you plug in both the 3.5mm microphone plug and the 3.5mm earphone plug ( which also work in a pc 's sound card , so you use skype or other voip communication ) , and the other end of that adapter will plug into the rj9 jack on the panasonic that normally is used for a handset . that gets you up and running for headset calls on the panasonic with the battery backup system functioning.2 . however , my experience with the velleman headset is not to expect more than about six months of useful response from its microphone . never fear -- once the microphone fails to respond loudly enough for your callers to hear you , you still have that critically important adaptor that will work for other brands of headsets , such as the logitech clearchat stereo headset , model # 981-000009 ( typically available on amazon and sometimes ebay , for around $ 10 ) . several other headsets i tried with via that adapter on the panasonic desk phone did not work , but the logitech clearchat model above did , so i had no need to test more models.again , both headsets that i found to work can also be plugged into a pc 's sound card handle your skype or other voip conversations , or just private listening needs when the microphone is n't needed . they 've both worked for magicjack plus calls via a laptop with wifi . just expect the microphone on the logitech to last a lot longer than on the velleman , but you need the velleman first to get that critical adapter . michelle asked '' can you use a headset with this phone ? '' yes , michelle , you can use a headset with the panasonic kx-ts3282w desk phone , but their user manual does does a pretty good job of concealing how to do it well . that manual lists several panasonic part-numbered headsets ( easy to find on amazon or ebay ) that plug directly into the 2.5mm headset jack on that phone . what they do not make obvious is that their battery-powered backup system ( for if or when your electric power goes down ) is hooked up only to the handset jack wiring . it is not hooked up to give ... » read more michelle asked '' can you use a headset with this phone ? '' yes , michelle , you can use a headset with the panasonic kx-ts3282w desk phone , but their user manual does does a pretty good job of concealing how to do it well . that manual lists several panasonic part-numbered headsets ( easy to find on amazon or ebay ) that plug directly into the 2.5mm headset jack on that phone . what they do not make obvious is that their battery-powered backup system ( for if or when your electric power goes down ) is hooked up only to the handset jack wiring . it is not hooked up to give you backup service for the headset jack 's wiring.if you want to handle most calls with a headset , and if you want to avoid both ( a ) dropped calls when a power outage hits , and ( b ) the inability to make or receive calls during a power outage , i 've found two workarounds that overstock.com ( where i bought my panasonic ) knew nothing about.1 . from bgmicro.com in garland , tx , i ordered a velleman telephone & multimedia headset w mic , their part # hsmt1 . their current website price is $ 18.75 . that headset comes with a critically important adapter ( that i have n't found anywhere else ) that lets you plug in both the 3.5mm microphone plug and the 3.5mm earphone plug ( which also work in a pc 's sound card , so you use skype or other voip communication ) , and the other end of that adapter will plug into the rj9 jack on the panasonic that normally is used for a handset . that gets you up and running for headset calls on the panasonic with the battery backup system functioning.2 . however , my experience with the velleman headset is not to expect more than about six months of useful response from its microphone . never fear -- once the microphone fails to respond loudly enough for your callers to hear you , you still have that critically important adaptor that will work for other brands of headsets , such as the logitech clearchat stereo headset , model # 981-000009 ( typically available on amazon and sometimes ebay , for around $ 10 ) . several other headsets i tried with via that adapter on the panasonic desk phone did not work , but the logitech clearchat model above did , so i had no need to test more models.again , both headsets that i found to work can also be plugged into a pc 's sound card handle your skype or other voip conversations , or just private listening needs when the microphone is n't needed . they 've both worked for magicjack plus calls via a laptop with wifi . just expect the microphone on the logitech to last a lot longer than on the velleman , but you need the velleman first to get that critical adapter . « show less
they are side loading . i used some adhesive tabs to hold pictures in place . it would not be good for an album that is handled a lot . i used them to hold very old 8x10s that i wanted to get out of frames . worked really well for that .
if you need the windows 7 drivers for this printer , all you have to do is go to hp 's website and go to support and drivers and download the drivers for your particular operating system
yes it is . just download the driver from hp 's website .
goop is great , but not for extreme temperatures .
some will argue that it is not `` precise enough '' for the task at hand . i use it primarily for cutting stacks of bulletins , announcements , and some posters.so far , when cutting smaller stacks of heavyweight paper , it 's been precise to about 1 32 of an inch . if you cram the paper in beyond what is suggested , you will likely encounter a problem . the green plastic holder you see just beside the blade is very snug on the paper or card stock when the lock is in the proper place . if you forget to lock it , well , it will move ! that is not the fault of the cutter . several staff members have used and like the precision of the cutter . no complaints from us ! it is an extreme improvement over what we have had in the past . some will argue that it is not `` precise enough '' for the task at hand . i use it primarily for cutting stacks of bulletins , announcements , and some posters.so far , when cutting smaller stacks of heavyweight paper , it 's been precise to about 1 32 of an inch . if you cram the paper in beyond what is suggested , you will likely encounter a problem . the green plastic holder you see just beside the blade is very snug on the paper or card stock when the lock is in the proper place . if you forget to lock it , well , it will move ! that is not the fault of the cutter . several staff ... » read more some will argue that it is not `` precise enough '' for the task at hand . i use it primarily for cutting stacks of bulletins , announcements , and some posters.so far , when cutting smaller stacks of heavyweight paper , it 's been precise to about 1 32 of an inch . if you cram the paper in beyond what is suggested , you will likely encounter a problem . the green plastic holder you see just beside the blade is very snug on the paper or card stock when the lock is in the proper place . if you forget to lock it , well , it will move ! that is not the fault of the cutter . several staff members have used and like the precision of the cutter . no complaints from us ! it is an extreme improvement over what we have had in the past . « show less
grey black
it is hard to see , but the card stock is scored . as you start the fold , the paper `` gives way '' at the center and shows you where the score is . just press along that score to create the fold .
yes
they come in a sturdy plastic covering that unfolds to expose the top half , but it does n't have a stand like the pens
2017
no , the colored tabs on these file folders are not removeable . i use removable clear file folder labels with them . hope this helps .
unfortunately no , the punch heads are riveted to the base and stationary . hope this helps . kevin
sarah , these hanging folder bins are designed to hook over a standard office partition which can be up to 3 inches wide . i think they will hang over a door just fine . they also are convertable to wall mounting , and come with mounting hardware for a wall , so there is always that option if you need to put it on the back of a door .
most of the time i find it stays separated from the roll , depending on where or how i place it when i 'm through using it . i use this for my job on a daily basis and just love it . however when using a weaker thinner brand tape it 's best to fold the outer end of tape under a smigin to prevent from sticking to the roll and never finding the end again . hope this was helpful ?
no it is a serial port
everything i have says it is 5 mils thick . media size letter : 8.50 '' x 11 '' media weight : 48.00 lb media thickness : 5 mil print technology : inkjet surface finish : glossy brightness percentage : 98 % opacity percentage : 98 % features : double-sided
the page is carefully worded , but i got a paper with the cartridge titles `` q &a; about remanufactured cartridges . amazon need to require titles to be clear .
yes , i believe it is .
i have never notice that but i do see now it do n't work but we still pretty without light but it will be easy @ night to have a light give me something to think about
i am not to familiar with the modern day stuff but i do no it pretty pink and sound so beautiful when it rings the ringer do not ring loud so if you have a problem with your hearing you might want to think twice it just rings low so neat i love it sorry i could not help you , any thing worth a try if you like it if you do n't like it send it back
i never looked into this but i would rather doubt it unless of course you were to find it on e-bay etc . i would be very careful buying any part of this phone second hand as the quality and durability are sorely lacking . good luck !
there is exactly 22 '' between the two top shelves . i have a 22 '' lg hd tv i use as a monitor in that space . the 2 top shelves are 15 '' wide x 19 '' deep and would hold the other two monitors at an angle towards the operator , but would take up the speaker space . you can always hang speakers on the wall ! ; - ) if you elevate your large center monitor a few inches you will be able to watch all 3 screens without having to look up and down a lot . i have owned this desk for a long time and i still love it l !
yes , very well . i bought 2 ( or 3 , i do n't remember ) specifically for use with fountain pens and they work great . nice bright white paper , no bleedthrough or feathering . i use mostly diamine inks .
the paper is bright white like snow . on the scale of 1-100 i would say it is a 96. i compared it to my bright , white hp paper to reach that conclusion .
i ordered a few of these and was disappointed in the length . they were maybe 3 '' long at the most .
i got mine at amazon.com , here : http : www.amazon.com s ref=nb_sb_ss_i_1_24 ? url=search-alias % 3daps &field-keywords; =fiskars+paper+trimmer+replacement+parts &sprefix; =fiskars+paper+trimmer+re % 2caps % 2c208
5 .
when you peel the sticker off to use it the adhesive is in the proper shape of the cut-out you inserted . no trimming required .
i 'd say that this scanner is , or probably should be obsolete . this item was purchased new for our royal . it really never did a good job of scanning . it would require several passes over the bar code to get a reading , and some times it would not read the bar code at all . this resulted in the numbers would have to be entered by hand.the concept was good , but it seems as though this scanner was one of the designs in the early development days of this type scanner . before purchasing this particular model , i would contact royal , ( an old name in typewriters ) and inquire if there is a newer , more up to date scanner that has an improved electrical scanning reading design . if you decide to purchase one of these scanners , pay by credit card . doing this gives you a place to fall back on if the scanner does n't perform correctly . keep your receipt . you may need it . keep the box it came in if you need to return it , and need a shipping box . over all , we were displeased with this unit and soon disconnected it and entered information by hand because it was faster and less frustrating . i 'd say that this scanner is , or probably should be obsolete . this item was purchased new for our royal . it really never did a good job of scanning . it would require several passes over the bar code to get a reading , and some times it would not read the bar code at all . this resulted in the numbers would have to be entered by hand.the concept was good , but it seems as though this scanner was one of the designs in the early development days of this type scanner . before purchasing this particular model , i would contact royal , ( an old name in typewriters ) and inquire if there is a ... » read more i 'd say that this scanner is , or probably should be obsolete . this item was purchased new for our royal . it really never did a good job of scanning . it would require several passes over the bar code to get a reading , and some times it would not read the bar code at all . this resulted in the numbers would have to be entered by hand.the concept was good , but it seems as though this scanner was one of the designs in the early development days of this type scanner . before purchasing this particular model , i would contact royal , ( an old name in typewriters ) and inquire if there is a newer , more up to date scanner that has an improved electrical scanning reading design . if you decide to purchase one of these scanners , pay by credit card . doing this gives you a place to fall back on if the scanner does n't perform correctly . keep your receipt . you may need it . keep the box it came in if you need to return it , and need a shipping box . over all , we were displeased with this unit and soon disconnected it and entered information by hand because it was faster and less frustrating . « show less
if you require it for a regular finance class , the plus version will do just fine ... the pro has a couple of added functions , like : net future value ( nfv ) and modified internal rate of return ( mirr ) ... the price difference between the two is about $ 10 ... i 'd go for the pro ... good luck with your finance class
thank you for your inquiry . yes , all orders and payment that clear ship the same day as per operating hours.let us know
yes , what i received was exactly the same as you would purchase in any retail store .
yes , this one works with windows 8.1 unless you have our old model worldcard color which the serial number starts with 572xxxxxxx or 573xxxxxxx
i have the 4 drawer . i make sure to only open one drawer at a time . it does come withe a bracket to fasten it to the wall
this is basically a general coin holder it does n't have the grooves to fit my vehicle but it will suffice ; )
i actually have the magnetic ikea containers that i use for spices and they definitely stick securely to this pushpin board . hope that helps .
mine is a true `` cardinal '' red ; rich , not burgundy , or orange-y . very pleased with mine .
no you ca n't print on burlap or heavy paper . this printer is just a basic printer , i have 2 of them .
yes , the handset has both a volume control and an audio boost .
well it fit my canon p23-dh so it should fit the casio
their standard limited warranty . you can read about it here : https : files.support.epson.com pdf exp16_ exp16_wa.pdf
thermal paper 3 1 8 inch for epson pos tm-t88 tm-t88
i have had no problems with mine . all of the tape rolls that i have used ( from both amazon and home depot ) work just fine .
yes each of the lexmark were in individual boxes and sealed .
yes , it does
my answering system only handles 1 line . i had ( recently dropped 1 line ) 2 lines but had a separate answering system for thr 2nd line .
sorry it is gone . someone wanted it .
yes , the tray is on a slide so it can go back under the desk .
it is about 21.5 '' from inside leg to inside leg . if you need other measurements or dimensions , please repost .
21.5 inches wide x 18 inches deep x 5.5 inches high
easy procedure with clear instructions using supplied equipment . need a screw driver and maybe a pilot hole maker for screws into hardwood .
according to the sticker on the back , china~
in the `` black '' slot , you can either use a black cartridge or a photogray cartridge ( # 100 ) . either one will do excellent documents and black-and-white printing , but the photogray cartridge will give you much better photographic reproduction . i tried the two on a sample photo of a pond with ripples on the water . with the black cartridge , the picture was still clear , but the ripples disappeared . in other words , the black cartridge leaves out the nuances in photographs . after that , i never bought another black cartridge .
sure . handle is a separate item which you do n't have to install .
are you on battery ? have you put too much paper in at one time ?
there is a feature that allows you to type in a word the way it sounds and the dictionary will correct it . for example : you can type in `` oshun '' & it will be corrected to : `` ocean '' .it is explained in the instructions . i cant do it by e-mail . i hope this helps .
i bought this and received the silver one pictured . it is a nice pen i have definitely enjoyed it . there is also more of a gunmetal one but that was a separate listing .
mine is black , however i have seen pictures of the extra fine nib in silver . so , i guess you get what they send . i will say , this pen is one of the best fountain pens i have ever used .
the ebay postage app lists this printer as one that integrates
18 x 20 inches . i am well pleased with the board . i bought it for a gift for a dorm room for memos , pix , etc . it is perfect , and looks nice . a bulletin board would be larger and could be covered in fabric if desired but i was well pleased .
no it will not ken . i would suggest the hp 5200tn for wide format printing .
no .
yes
yes , it is a peel and stick label .
you will get 400 labels roll .
yes .
this is the one i have bought , because fisher recommended it : http : www.amazon.com gp aw d b00006i5rh ref=mp_s_a_1_1 ? qid=1418498453 &sr; =8-1just so you know , i still have n't had to use any of the refills i bought , and i use my space pens constantly . the ink that comes in the pen lasts a very long time .
no , this works just like any other plug in phone . i really like it because you can actually hear very well , and the cord does n't curl up like the old cord phones .
it does not .
yes . holds well .
they are good labels that hold ink well but they are not glossy at all
yes , there is a handle on the top of the box .
absolutely yes ... .it s expandable !
i do believe so though all the information on the label says to use `` template 5931 or 8931 . '' i believe the only difference is in the number of labels in the pack . the 8691 has 50 sheets or 100 labels . the 8692 has 20 sheets , or 40 labels . i do not see any other difference listed on the avery website.http : www.avery.com avery en_us search ? dimsearch=true &n; =0 &ntk; =all &ntx; =mode+matchall &nty; =0 &nr; =and % 28siteschannels % 3aavery.com % 29 &msearch; =true &ntt; =8692
this label applicator is for cds and dvds and can also be used on mini discs as long as center hole is the same - which it should be since you can also use the mini disc on any same regular disc players - this label applicator is just a helper that keeps the disc firmly from moving and allows you to put pressure on the label that you want to stick on to face of disc , it should work with any mini discs .
it 's about a quarter inch edge on one side of the photo paper that can be used to punch holes and allow you to insert the picture in a album or book . it 's a perforated edge that you can fold and tear off if you do n't need it . i do that all the time because i do n't use the tab . there are arrows on the back of the photo paper that tell you which direction to place the paper into the printer so that the image is not printed on the tab . the photo paper is always placed in the printer face-down so you can see the arrows . hope this helps !
the product details describes it as being 13.8x7.2x2.8 ; i measured mine at 11.75lx6.5wx2.25tall . but the tape holder will fold over to reduce the length to 9 in . for storage . it easily fits in one of my top desk drawers . it 's a very nice product .
not exactly sure because this product is at my office and i am at home right now , but manilla folders fit ... .i think they would to be honest but can not say for sure .
yes . so far we are very happy with this phone . we have four , two in ct and two in fl .
pilot white vinyl eraser refills 70001
hello , yes , you should be able to do this . that is what the manufacturer stated . you can try contacting the manufacturer as well to explain it to them a little better as well before you purchase it.thanks
just measured it and the blade is 14.5 '' ... so you can cut the a3 in one direction and not the other .
17cm on the front guage and 9 cm on the back guage .
no it wo n't work . the ink will smear . i tried to do it from work so it would be faster but the hot basically ruined the paper
i bought this unit in feb 2010 , and from the dimensions given on amazon ( 23.1 x 11.5 x 2.8 inches ) , it sounds like it should . fact is , it wo n't . the best you can do is 18 '' . i believe those dimensions include the packaging.still , i like the unit , and have another cutter for my longer length cuts.sorry for the news , but i hope it helps you make your decision .
i 've never used the cutterpillar so i ca n't answer your question . i tried out the new cutterbug with the lighted cutting edge and i really liked that . i 'm not sure if you can cut several pages at once with the cutterbug however ... the carl is hard to cut anything under 2 '' wide with accuracy , but it 's great for cutting all weights of chipboard that 's what i use my cutter for .
the stands length at it 's top is 15 3 16 across at the center from left to right . it 's not 16 '' as stated and the number has been rounded up . i am sure a 17 '' printer base would fit on it if the bottom base pegs are far enough in . the printer would cover the top of stand completely and you would n't see base
yes ... but i hate the calculator ... .l looking for new non canon . last 2 have gone bad quickly .
yes it does print seconds .
the back is mesh just like the front , except for about a 1 1 2 inch strip across the top , which is solid .
thicker than a wire clothes hanger approx . 3 8 inch a round .
i ordered black and got black .
about 1.25 inches of space.i 've had these stands for years . they 're great .
no , it does not - it only fills in the center line : `` ___________________dollars ''
may be 2. i use one card and it snugly fits in .
you might want to check out this page from the hp support site entitled ... ink expiration.http : h10025.www1.hp.com ewfrf wc document ? docname=c01764161 &cc; =us &dlc; =en &lc; =en
simple . there are 3 wheels on the right side of the phone . one is for phone volume . one is for handset volume . one is for ringer volume . each is clearly marked .
hi russ , use standard calculator paper . i believe it is 2-1 4 '' width . hope this helps
thats exactly what i use it for and it works great . the only thing you have to remember is that it will turn . your stereo signal into a mono signal , which most would find unacceptable for headphone monitoring in a studio scenario but if you just want to rock out in your headphones it will work in reverse alot more comfy than the bulky adapters you would get elsewhere .
includedincludes marker board with marker tray four assorted quartet® dryerase markers quick clips easy mount hanging systemthanks
i used the scotch brand thermal laminator and it worked great !
in the side ... . i really love ths !
mine came in a nice box similar to the kind cross pens come in .
hi rebecca , 1 year with our company .
no
i have not bought a pad for it , what i have done instead is buy ink ( blue and red , any manufacturer should do ) and applied to pad . hope this helps !
both . it 's like any feeder . 4x6 is outside limit
no .
in my home office i have two phone lines . one phone line is dedicated to dsl , which requires filters . the filter may cause a conflict with sending and receiving information over the fax machine . my fax is connected to the phone line without the dsl . i recommend calling your dsl service provider . technology changes so quickly that they may have a solution .
no - it 's monochrome , meaning black and white . this is an older model but ive had it for over 5 years and it 's been very reliable with virtually no maintenance .
i have used it on glass on my on wall storage . it stayed for 6 to 8 months without any kind of problem . ( most of summer ) . in winter from november it started to come out by itself but its still price effective . small tape around the corner would do the work but still its good to write after 10 months .
i 'm sorry to say that if i would have known this did n't work before i bought it , i would not have bought it . it does work great as long as you are in regular ( single screen ) view , but as soon as i click the box for presenter view with dual screen , it no longer advances slides . if anybody know of a fix , please let me know . otherwise , i need to look for something that works and see if amazon will let me return it . and i thought i did my homework before this purchase !
yes ! just gently remove the eraser and put refil lead in the chamber . hold the eraser end of the pen and gently replace the eraser !
nope , quick drying marker pens : )
it would work fine , but the cost of ink would probably outweigh the benefit of the fast printing . ink tanks are small . i would recommend you print postcards at : ( cheap , fast , and good quality ) : http : www.psprint.com affiliate index.asp ? offer=219 &affiliate; =cd1751
if you have it on your plan ( i do and love it ) . if not on your plan , then you do n't have to get it .
you need to plug it in to a wall outlet
numbers count to 10. shapes are circle oval square rectangle diamond triangle heart star octagon
the wheels on mine do not lock ( i just went out to the garage to verify ) .
stack the 4 pages at the top of the machine , if the machine is working properly , it will feed one page at a time until all 4 pages are sent , i would call the manufacturer if the machine is not working properly .
just checked regarding staples - no problem . push pins work but a typical push pin is longer than cork is thick . we are using the long hat pin type pins and putting them in at an angle .
we ordered staedtler eraser refills . the refills appear to be proprietary to their device and pencil sets . very good products so we do not mind . they are not expensive .
i would recommend you give these a shot , just so you get the hang of using fountain pens again . when i first started to use fps , i used a very heavy hand-a habit from the ballpoint and rollerball days . thankfully , i was only using disposable pens so i did n't end up ruining the nibs.although i 've moved on to more expensive pens , i still keep these around . they 're good value for money and are good writers as well .
sorry , the answer is no . not available .
no they are not pre punched , look for the ones noted as pre-punched .
no , the connections were the wrong size and would not fit properly . i had a professional school technologist attempt to install this elmo , but it would not work .
i do n't actually have the phone . i was just commenting on the ability of a wired phone like this to remain working when your home power goes out . however , the picture on the 2554 clearly shows that the cord is modular and can be changed . i was a phone repairman in the 1970 's and all phones by the end of that decade were constructed with modular cords . it would be relatively difficult to actually find a hard-wired phone except maybe in the salvation army bins . look carefully at the picture of the phone on the amazon offering and it 's pretty clear that the cord is modular on both ends and can be exchanged for any other modular handset cord . i do n't actually have the phone . i was just commenting on the ability of a wired phone like this to remain working when your home power goes out . however , the picture on the 2554 clearly shows that the cord is modular and can be changed . i was a phone repairman in the 1970 's and all phones by the end of that decade were constructed with modular cords . it would be relatively difficult to actually find a hard-wired phone except maybe in the salvation army bins . look carefully at the picture of the phone on the amazon offering and it 's pretty clear that the cord is modular on both ends and can ... » read more i do n't actually have the phone . i was just commenting on the ability of a wired phone like this to remain working when your home power goes out . however , the picture on the 2554 clearly shows that the cord is modular and can be changed . i was a phone repairman in the 1970 's and all phones by the end of that decade were constructed with modular cords . it would be relatively difficult to actually find a hard-wired phone except maybe in the salvation army bins . look carefully at the picture of the phone on the amazon offering and it 's pretty clear that the cord is modular on both ends and can be exchanged for any other modular handset cord . « show less
i 've only used the picturemate for 4x6 size prints . if you do a google search on the machine , you will see that one sample picture has 2 pictures on one that take up the entire 4x6 print with the exception of a small white separation line . i would say that it will do both size prints .
yes , `` trial '' ones that are about 1 2 full .
i do n't know if they 're safe to place on apples . i would believe that would be a question best sent to avery via their web site .
yes it works with 220v 50hz . see spec sheet http : www.polycom.com content dam polycom common documents data-sheets soundstation2-ds-enus.pdf
yes , it is compatible with imac osx v 10.47 ( you should update your mac os - - it 's free . ) please note this advisory in using hp all-in-one printers . only buy new and official hp ink cartridges . change them when it indicates to do so . the cartridges are coded with an expiration date ( i suspect because the ink dries out ) if the printer indicates that the cartridge is past its expiration date replace it ( this is expensive of course and wasteful ) if you use the cartridge after this warning you will invalidate your warranty ( it will advise you of that in the printer status display ) and , the printer will fail . consequently , if it is your practice to buy a large supply of ink cartridges and store them until you need them , you should refrain from this practice and buy them just before you need them so that you do not run into expiration date issues . finally , avoid buying the ink cartridges online since you may be buying ones that are already past their expiration date . ultimately , hp sells their printers on the cheap and makes their money on their over priced ink cartridges that have a built-in limited lifespan , even if unused . i recommend epson or canon inkjet and all-in-one printers , we have had much better experience with them and their photo printing is just fine . yes , it is compatible with imac osx v 10.47 ( you should update your mac os - - it 's free . ) please note this advisory in using hp all-in-one printers . only buy new and official hp ink cartridges . change them when it indicates to do so . the cartridges are coded with an expiration date ( i suspect because the ink dries out ) if the printer indicates that the cartridge is past its expiration date replace it ( this is expensive of course and wasteful ) if you use the cartridge after this warning you will invalidate your warranty ( it will advise you of that in the printer status display ) and , the ... » read more yes , it is compatible with imac osx v 10.47 ( you should update your mac os - - it 's free . ) please note this advisory in using hp all-in-one printers . only buy new and official hp ink cartridges . change them when it indicates to do so . the cartridges are coded with an expiration date ( i suspect because the ink dries out ) if the printer indicates that the cartridge is past its expiration date replace it ( this is expensive of course and wasteful ) if you use the cartridge after this warning you will invalidate your warranty ( it will advise you of that in the printer status display ) and , the printer will fail . consequently , if it is your practice to buy a large supply of ink cartridges and store them until you need them , you should refrain from this practice and buy them just before you need them so that you do not run into expiration date issues . finally , avoid buying the ink cartridges online since you may be buying ones that are already past their expiration date . ultimately , hp sells their printers on the cheap and makes their money on their over priced ink cartridges that have a built-in limited lifespan , even if unused . i recommend epson or canon inkjet and all-in-one printers , we have had much better experience with them and their photo printing is just fine . « show less
is the fx-300es
epson stylus photo r2400 ink jet printer is a fine printer . it can print on ilford gallerie professional inkjet photo range papers . it is compatible with all epson , hp , lexmark and canon dye-based inkjet printers . does a wonderful job on all ilford different type papers . do n't know if 240gsm is the thickness of the paper or not ... just love their papers for professional printing results , paul .
i 've had mixed reaction with the mailing of these . one postal worker said it is considered a parcel . really ? at a mailing store i had one sent for .82 and was really happy with that . went back to the same place days later and they wanted to charge me over $ 2.50 . after expressing my opinion it went out for around a dollar . they are all over the map with the cost to mail these . the post office charged me over 3.00 each and that is what sent me to other places . good luck in getting a place that charges what should be charged and not most of the above prices .
swing the base all the way out away from the stapler , the plunger should then pop open . the staples load upside down in the bottom of the stapler , load the staples , then push the plunger back in .
it is around 11.75 wide . it 's the perfect size for my 10.5 inch sony dvd player . spacer height is 1.75 inches high .
it 's original in a sealed container . just like the picture shows .
sorry do n't know
logs yes , surds never needed them so i do n't know . i know wolframalpha.com can do that stuff for sure
i bought these 4 years ago and they are great . they sent me the nickel plated color , but i do n't know what they are sending out now . review your return options carfully before you purchase .
i do n't exactly know , however , i have used it continuously for 10-15 minutes and it worked fine for that period of time . this is the best shredder i 've ever had , and i expect i 'll get many years of use out of it ; and when it eventually expires i will buy the same shredder again .
it 's sturdy , no worries .
yes , but you do have to tell it what kind of film it is i.e . b &w; neg , color neg , color slide , it gives great resolution and color rendition ... it also comes with photoshop elements ( my unit did ) another thing you can scan 2 1 4 film.thats one big pic.i have had this unit for a few years . and it does good work.also , i went to college and majored in photography , so i have some experience in film ...
i ca n't say for sure . my desk is pretty big though , and my monitor is mounted pretty securely .
avery website has all the templates for their products- i have used this and it is pretty awesome . search avery 8698 template and you should get many options . they have pre-made designs or blank ones you can design yourself . i used this for digital portfolios i had to submit for grad school .
i 'm guessing your all in one does n't have a decal on the door to the ink cartridges . you can always check hps website and ask them .
i found this page from a google search . maybe it will help you . good luck ! http : www.fixya.com support t2883236-replaced_ink_nothing_prints_not_even
yes it has a scanner ! that is why i chose this model . it is flatbed , though smaller than , say , legal size paper . however it has the ability , with special holders and a backlight , to scan negatives and slides ! i have uploaded two images i have scanned with this thing : one is from a b w negative , the other is a hand tinted b w photo . i must say i am extremely pleased . i have n't tried to scan text yet , but my nephew 's drawings scanned beautifully and are larger than life on the highest resolution .
it is new from canon , and both fits and works perfectly .
black print speed up to 30 ppmcolor print speed up to 24 ppm
i bought the carrier sheets to work with our fujitsu pa03360-0013 scansnap . they are excellent ! i typically use the sheets for 11x17 sheets of paper , but also works well for torn papers . the scansnap comes with just 1 carrier sheet - wish i had bought the additional carrier sheets earlier . sorry , no idea if the carrier sheets work with epson models . they are inexpensive enough to buy and try though .
in a word - yesi am using bluetooth to connect it to both win7 and 8 laptops . no issues .
bill you have to put the image files on a jump drive or memory stick for it to work .
i have win7 and it runs well . do n't know about win8
yes !
the minimum height is 1.5 inches . with one additional leg attached at each corner , it raises to 3 inches.hope this helps .
yes , extremely well . all of our applications for it ( over 20+ ) are on carpeted surfaces .
yes
hi dances with cats . from the floor to the bottom of the shelf , it measures 37.5 inches . the shelf is a little less than 2 inches thick , so from the floor to the top of the keyboard shelf , it 's approximately 39.25 inches . hope this helps . it 's a nice unit , by the way . the only complaint is that some of the screws broke during assembly , so we had to replace those to finish the job ( available at any hardware store ) .
yes
i believe it is a 1 '' core .
yes , definitely . the colors are bright and highly visible and adhere very good . ca n't beat the price too ! love amazon !
it does n't have an `` expired '' date but an `` expiration '' date .
i guess it depends on your wall material , but i used two small nails . it 's tricky to get it straight to hang straight though .
we go through hours pretty fast . so i do n't think i can answer your question.generally though , i do have a concern about overall quality .
the diameter is approximately 2-5 16 inches , and the height is approximately 1 inch .
i had the same problem . after numerous attempts to contact the seller , i gave up . sorry this does n't help much .
i believe fujitsu has updated the software but check their website ... .
yes , it is a sticker . there are guides that work with a jewel case to help center the label .
these boards are not magnetic . i have bought magnetic ones at an office suooly place like office depot . they have a metal border and were marked as magnetic . hope that helps .
there are two areas inside one is a `` pencil '' area on the left that is narrow 2 3 8 '' wide . the larger section on the right is 12 '' wide . they are both 11 1 4 '' front to back and 1 1 8 '' deep . the bottom is lined with a green `` pool table '' type felt to keep the rattling down .
yes , it does . i am using it now with some noodler 's red-black ink , and it works well .
yes , it comes with a very good manual .
more like cardstock , very flimsy : (
yes . i had such a hard time finding a clear plastic case for travel and this size was perfect to hold my toothbrush and dental needs .
according to box , usa . fellowes also has operations in mexico and australia
i have no idea about this problem .
i am using the tcx905 with the 2 line base tru8866 . it works fine . you have the choice of auto , line 1 or line 2 preference for dialing out ( on the handset setup ) . when the talk flash key is used on auto the phone will connect to line 1. if line 1 is in use by the base or another handset , the phone will use line 2. if you setup with line 1 or 2 , it will go to that line when the talk flash button is pressed . in standby mode , you can also use the soft keys to choose line 1 or 2 , regardless of the setup used . hope this helps .
the tru9485 has a digital answering machine feature , the 9465 does not .
yes .
my mount is an ergotron mount , but it appears to me that this tray would work with any vesa-type mount .
should not be a problem .
i bought two of these recently and they are college ruled .
matte . i 've used it as a photo backdrop in the past .
it depends how often you print , of course . but i 've been buying new print cartridges at least every two months . if you are n't used to a major investment in ink cartridges ... forget this printer !
the brother mfc-8460n monochrome laser multifunction all-in-one printer has monochrome printing and copying , but scans in color .
yes , it will . i just do n't stack it very high .
yes
it says 100 sheets at 48lbs
i read somewhere ( some product review site ) that the v750 additionally includes a fluid mount kit ( for scratchy negatives ) , and improved optics ( anti-reflective coating , high reflectivity mirror ) which results in `` visibly better job than the v700 . ''
a dozen at once . there is a plastic holder which fits into the scanner with 12 slots for 35mm slides . you can 'select all ' from the preview window on the software and it scans the twelve and saves the images as sequentially numbered files ( just like your camera does ) .
it worked for me for powerpoint . i use powerpoint 2004 , os x 10.3.9
yes it can scan multiple pages into one pdf ; no , once you put them into the feeder it creates one pdf for all the pages together . of course you can then break up the pdf into others by `` printing ' selected pages to other files .
i did not purchase this exact item because i think this is an updated version of the one i originally purchased . i returned it . it was extremely difficult to work with in scanning slides , very slow and the color resolution was awful . i eventually purchased a canon canoscan 8800f flatbed scanner from amazon ( probably five years ago ) and love it ! i scanned almost 15,000 slides and it is still going strong . easy to work with , great for scanning slides , negatives , photos or documents . i have windows xp and it is compatible . remember , i purchased it years ago so i am sure there is an updated version of the one i have . i can not say enough good about it . not to mention customer service for canon products is located in the u.s. i have contacted them twice and always received knowledgeable , understandable and quick resolution to my questions . i think i paid right at $ 200 for the canon , but it would be worth it at twice the price . i would strongly encourage you to not purchase the pacific image unit . i did not purchase this exact item because i think this is an updated version of the one i originally purchased . i returned it . it was extremely difficult to work with in scanning slides , very slow and the color resolution was awful . i eventually purchased a canon canoscan 8800f flatbed scanner from amazon ( probably five years ago ) and love it ! i scanned almost 15,000 slides and it is still going strong . easy to work with , great for scanning slides , negatives , photos or documents . i have windows xp and it is compatible . remember , i purchased it years ago so i am sure there is an updated ... » read more i did not purchase this exact item because i think this is an updated version of the one i originally purchased . i returned it . it was extremely difficult to work with in scanning slides , very slow and the color resolution was awful . i eventually purchased a canon canoscan 8800f flatbed scanner from amazon ( probably five years ago ) and love it ! i scanned almost 15,000 slides and it is still going strong . easy to work with , great for scanning slides , negatives , photos or documents . i have windows xp and it is compatible . remember , i purchased it years ago so i am sure there is an updated version of the one i have . i can not say enough good about it . not to mention customer service for canon products is located in the u.s. i have contacted them twice and always received knowledgeable , understandable and quick resolution to my questions . i think i paid right at $ 200 for the canon , but it would be worth it at twice the price . i would strongly encourage you to not purchase the pacific image unit . « show less
the only way this pad `` stands up '' is for you to attach it to something stiff . the backing is pretty useless . i attached it with clips to a stiff board . would never purchase it again . it came in a huge box and was all rolled up . i do use it but had to do a lot of manipulating .
on the printer . press the 'setup button ' few times until you see the option for `` 6. tools '' . press 'ok button ' on the printer . press the 'right arrow button ' until you see `` 3. date and time '' . press 'ok button ' . use the right and left arrow buttons as needed as change the month date numbers using the keypad on the printer . once you type the year , it should automatically change to the time screen , so use the number keypad on the printer to change the time . it will ask for am or pm , so press 1 for am or press 2 for pm .
i understand it such that you can not use the phone e.g . in a hotel room where you normally , when you open your browser , get redirected to a web based authentication page where you have to enter your credit card or other authentication information in order to buy airtime . for this , the phone would need an included web browser , which it has probably not ( it could use opera ) . what you are talking about is something different - the wep ( not web ) based encryption is possible as far as i understand . so you do not have to open your network .
6 '' long
i didnt like this brand im not sure about the 10mil pouch but not recommended
the body of this typewriter is plastic , and the carrying case made of plastic .
yes they are . they were very impressive when we used them for a border patrol explorer graduation certificate .
mine are 5mm or 1 2cm .
it fits folders , about 1 inch thick books and a few papers
yes
cr2325 coin type batteries -- -- -need tools to replace new ones !
this comes with 1 month of undated pages and an address book and advance planner . after the 1 month , or if you need dated refills , you will have to order them from day-timer .
i have no idea how many sheets it holds . but mine has expanded to approx 7 '' at the base with more room for expansion . hope this is helpful .
if you want graph paper then it 's absolutely perfect
hi , apparently the hp 3100 series does really well with the new vista . hp officejet 7310 is having a 50 % success rating as far as i can tell ... .a crap shoot . hp can tell you for sure and their printers are like dinosaurs : if microsoft would stop making `` upgrades '' that are n't compatible , i 'm sure every hp printer i ever owned would still be working fine . : ) good luck !
i 'm using it with win 8 and before that , 7 , but i 'd imagine it would work with vista ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
the base is circular . 8.5 '' diameter .
no , they do not . they come flat & u have to assemble . great , sturdy boxes though .
no , it 's literally just a mini binder with lined paper
if your laptop is 9x13 '' , it will overhang the platform slightly either at the back corners of the laptop or the front . if you 're putting the stand in a corner against two walls you probably wo n't have room to tilt the display on the laptop back without the front of the laptop overhanging the front of the stand . also , the feet are slick and it tends to slide around on a smooth surface so that could be a problem if you are typing on the laptop .
yes !
hi as far as i know yes it is ! i now have windows 7 ! i 'm not going up to windows 8 ( no way ) ! you have to be carful what printers & scanners you now have before you jump up to a newer device ! because if you do n't then you 'll be buying all new devices that well work with what you are running on your computer ! i found out the hard way when i jumped from windows 95 to windows 7 ! i hope this helps you out ! but the best way to check a device out is to call up the companies ! lloyd ps : i do love my printer ! it 's so very easy to use !
no , it 's purchased separately or you can use c batteries .
the machine is awesome ! just buy the recommended sleeves and drop your coins in . the machine does the rest
i do n't have it handy to measure , but i think it 's 12-18 '' high . you could probably carry 4 milk jugs plus more . it 's a great size and holds tons of items . i would definitely buy it again . it 's a great choice !
yes
nope .
never tried but almost positive they 're not heat resistant
it will always stick up .
on the power supply ( that plugs into an ac outlet ) there is an rca jack to can be used for call recording . to record a conversationplug the end of a cable with rca-type connectors into the aux out jack on the power supply . plug the other end of the cable into the aux in jack of your tape recorder .
i 'm not sure - it works great with 10 but i would ask the manufacturer for sure . i love this machine - it has made my life so much easier !
regular size . this is simply the most amazing stapler i 've ever used . it should be in the guiness book of records as the best stapler ever designed .
no . i tried it and a bit too tight for even a flatter box .
yes , 1 box - approx . 2 ' x 2 ' x 2 '
it was such a terrible printer that i got rid of it , but it 's a feed tray for making copies and scanning . works like most copy machines .
i use these always to send music cds as well as cds for video games . i do place cardboard ( cereal box thickness ) around the cd to protect while in transit . i do find the usps is not always careful about packages . i have ordered these at least three times . good luck !
it weighs .6oz . yes , that size box would fit inside .
i am using it on a laptop using win7 64bit . like i said it will run on older versions of skype ( which should install ( revert ) when you set it up . not all functionality is available but it has been good enough for me . also when i have both phones plugged in ( the router version as well ) then i can answer a second call with the other phone without hanging up on first one . pretty cool for me .
i do n't know about that , but i strongly urge you not spend your money on this complete waste . i stupidly bought three ( one for each level of my house ) about two months ago . i have just thrown out the last one that stopped working . one lasted less than a month . one lasted a little longer , and this one made it for two whole months . all of a sudden the item shows 8 's all across the screen and then it is useless . but , when it worked , it was great . oh well .
ultimately , it wo n't , if people swap cards . i believe they make thumb readers , but the technically savvy could probably get around this too .
it requires a # tn460
i 'm sorry but i can not answer your question because i have no idea what 'verizon fios ' is .
they 're metal tips but plastic barrels
approx 2 '' as well .
it is one piece . no assembly required . very nicely made .
not true . it is equally perfect on both sides . i too heard that the black ink on the 2nd side was made from composite black , but if it is , in no way is it noticible .
yes , i 've been using a ip6600d for at least 10 years and a ip6700d for a year or so . prints great documents . great printers .
yes . you can get good quality 02 cartridges through amazon from a company call sophia . you put them in your printer and they 'll actually register as hp and they perform extremely well .
absolutely perfect for card making- one of the best gifts i ever bought ! my kidsconstantly use them for everything including making cards !
bert - yes a cd comes with the unit and contains software .
i have this same printer , normal operation is very quiet , so you have a absolute problem . i 've experienced some major plastic gear grinding noises that are very loud . what i found the solution to be was to open the rear paper jam panel and slam it shut a couple times . drop the front panel down and just under the toner cartridges you 'll see a small handle , bottom dead center . this pulls out the entire assembly holding all the toner packs in . pull it out just a couple inches and slam it back in a couple times , then close the front door and carefully look at the top of the door making sure its even all the way across the top , if its off just slightly you don ; t have that other part that holds all the toner pushed all the way in properly . also pull the paper tray out and take extra care to make sure you 're getting it pushed in properly . i don ; t know which one of those things solved the problem , but by doing all of the above i no longer have the noise issue ( severe noise at that ) and now it prints and runs smooth and quiet . i have this same printer , normal operation is very quiet , so you have a absolute problem . i 've experienced some major plastic gear grinding noises that are very loud . what i found the solution to be was to open the rear paper jam panel and slam it shut a couple times . drop the front panel down and just under the toner cartridges you 'll see a small handle , bottom dead center . this pulls out the entire assembly holding all the toner packs in . pull it out just a couple inches and slam it back in a couple times , then close the front door and carefully look at the top of the door making sure its ... » read more i have this same printer , normal operation is very quiet , so you have a absolute problem . i 've experienced some major plastic gear grinding noises that are very loud . what i found the solution to be was to open the rear paper jam panel and slam it shut a couple times . drop the front panel down and just under the toner cartridges you 'll see a small handle , bottom dead center . this pulls out the entire assembly holding all the toner packs in . pull it out just a couple inches and slam it back in a couple times , then close the front door and carefully look at the top of the door making sure its even all the way across the top , if its off just slightly you don ; t have that other part that holds all the toner pushed all the way in properly . also pull the paper tray out and take extra care to make sure you 're getting it pushed in properly . i don ; t know which one of those things solved the problem , but by doing all of the above i no longer have the noise issue ( severe noise at that ) and now it prints and runs smooth and quiet . « show less
no , this is not appropriate for that .
the 8600 will scan 4 slides at a time , you do not have to take them out of thier mounts .
it worked for windows 7 for us .
very tough pencil , unless you forcibly remove it there is no way it will come off by itself .
0.2 oz . [ 1 5 of an ounce ]
according to web search these bags are 2.5 mm thick . they are very sturdy .
i do n't know because the outside is slick . i can use a permanent marker and after it dries , it does stick . i can send you a bag if you 'd like , then you can practice on it .
no
that depends on the size and type of the shirts . i shipped a women 's medium basic t-shirt , and i probably could have fit about 10 of them in the bag comfortably .
if you wrap with 2 layers of 1 '' bubble wrap and mark the package fragile it will probably be ok but it would be better to wrap in 1 '' bubble wrap , put inside box and then put in bag .
yes
it is a 4x6 printer from you pc
i would say yes . i bought it primarily because the wheels are a larger diameter than others i looked at . i have been very pleased with he cart which is my winter mode of transporting items from the store .
it comes in a small box that can easily be gift wraped .
if you do n't have the instruction book , observe the old ribbon . take off one portion of the old one at a time , and replace it with the new one . you may be able to google the instructions .
do n't worry it is worth it ! lol !
i use snow leopard and it is compatible with that os .
this calculator `` can '' print dates but not automatically . you have to input manually the date desired to be printed . for example , if you want to print july,26th 2014 , you can enter inte the number keypad the sequence ( 0 ) ( 7 ) ( . ) ( 2 ) ( 6 ) . ( 2 ) ( 0 ) ( 1 ) ( 4 ) and them press the `` diamond sharp '' button in the top of the keyboard and the calculator will print a line with this information.you can use this feature to print any numbered information desired in the paper , included the time , but it isn´t an automatic feature .
with my ip4200 , which has the same cartridges , i found it was more economical to purchase a new printer at $ 65 than buy the 5 canon replacement cartridges ( lowest price about $ 75 delivered ) . the 4200 is no longer available so i will wait for the price of the ip4300 to dip below $ 75 and do the same thing . you pay the same for the ink and get a new printer for free .
yes . it comes with and requires two aaa batteries .
i know in windows xp you can choose print > preferences > greyscale .
all i ever printed were cd labels , photos and documents . this is a simple inject printer . i have not owned this printer for more that three years . i would not try anything metal .
my printer was provided with a power cord . however , it is 110 voltage so any cord thatwil fit into the recepticle would probably work since it is unlikely the printer pulls a lot of amps .
i have re-filled the black twice , that is what we use the most ... .the colors you should have enough ink to re-fill 3-4 times
yes
the only time this ever happened to me , i changed the tape cartridge . be sure the paper cartridge is kept in a cool , dry area before you load it ... i suspect high humidity may reduce the paper adherence to the ink .
the box i received included colors like red , silver gray , blue , black , purple , and green . i think there were 2 of each color .
yes it does . it comes with a starter toner cartridge that is good for 1,100 copies or so . i purchased this copier january 2011 and have not changed the starter toner cartridge yet . i copy approximately 40-50 items per month or less . normally , i would have purchased an extra toner cartridge when i made the purchase , but i decided to wait and see . now i am very happy that i did not get the extra one , because i saved money . but , real soon i will purchase a new toner cartridge because i am having to move the `` lever '' higher to get darker copies , which means that ink is getting low and or running out . before i put the new cartridge in , i will shake up the starter and put it back in . it will still have some ink left in it . i will have the new toner so that there will be no chance of me running out of ink . you know murphy 's law . i just love this copier ! hope this answer helps you and others . yes it does . it comes with a starter toner cartridge that is good for 1,100 copies or so . i purchased this copier january 2011 and have not changed the starter toner cartridge yet . i copy approximately 40-50 items per month or less . normally , i would have purchased an extra toner cartridge when i made the purchase , but i decided to wait and see . now i am very happy that i did not get the extra one , because i saved money . but , real soon i will purchase a new toner cartridge because i am having to move the `` lever '' higher to get darker copies , which means that ink is getting low ... » read more yes it does . it comes with a starter toner cartridge that is good for 1,100 copies or so . i purchased this copier january 2011 and have not changed the starter toner cartridge yet . i copy approximately 40-50 items per month or less . normally , i would have purchased an extra toner cartridge when i made the purchase , but i decided to wait and see . now i am very happy that i did not get the extra one , because i saved money . but , real soon i will purchase a new toner cartridge because i am having to move the `` lever '' higher to get darker copies , which means that ink is getting low and or running out . before i put the new cartridge in , i will shake up the starter and put it back in . it will still have some ink left in it . i will have the new toner so that there will be no chance of me running out of ink . you know murphy 's law . i just love this copier ! hope this answer helps you and others . « show less
the tagboard is matte on both sides and has a feel of a thick stock of paper ; a bit thicker than resume paper . there are also no bar code stickers on any of the boards . we use them for sign making at road races and sporting events and they work great . they are porous , but thick enough so that marker does n't bleed through to the table table cloth ; but we do use table cloth covers just in case .
all i have ordered have been . i always make sure they say flair . that is the key word for me .
i have printed postage on the envelopes using a neopost postage machine and had no problems . the postmark came out crisp , clear and did not smudge . i can not recall if i ever printed the address using my hp printer . since the ink from postage was fine , i would bet that the hp printer would do just fine .
the `` actual '' size of the badge is 4 3 8 '' ... but since the holes are in the top , there 's only 3 3 8 '' for the badge to be inserted.so ; whatever you putin the badge ... will have to be no more than 3 3 8 '' .
they do not have an odor that i can detect .
no . the back is closed .
yes they are !
yes . i print double sided on this paper quite often using a sharp laser printer . it prints beautifully .
yes , it can . however , there are many other printers that can do that as well . this is the absolute worst printer that i had ever owned .
at the canon website under the 4150 supplies heading , the toner cartridge lists for $ 70 and is good for 2000 pages . so that is on the order of 3.5 cents page . much better than the inkjets i looked at this week that seem to run 5-8 cents page . not as good as my old hp 4000 laser printer that runs about 1.6 cents per page .
the calculator has 2 sided tape that keeps it secured in checkbook . you register fits between your checks and the back cover . hope this helps you
the clips have the size # engraved on them ( either `` supaclip 40 '' or `` supaclip 60 '' ) . if this does not appear on the clip , they may be older or another brand . the size 40 supaclip is 1 2 '' wide x 1 8 '' thick on the closed end ( 4mm x 1.3mm ) . the size 60 would be thicker than this .
the grid is on both sides .
i have the same question . i love my cordless phones , but am tired of paying 50 bucks a month for very few calls . would love to plug into my computer to make calls over the internet while talking through my cordless set .
yes , this has a separate slot for shredding discs . there is also a separate bin inside to collect the shredded discs . this stops them from getting mixed in with the confetti paper . note that the disc will not shred to confetti , just into strips . so far i have been more than pleased with this shredder .
the ink is very dark . with no smudging .
turn the unit to the back ( looking at battery compartment ) there isa slit on top of unit .take the end of the paper and fold each side inward to form a triangle , insert triangle through slit .remove plastic coveron front of unit so that mechanism can be accessed.put the end of the triangle in the space between the silver colored bar and the blackpiece.push it in manually , then press the feed button on top left of keyboard.paper should then feed through.replace plastic cover . hope this makes sense
last year it was $ 99 for the year . their website presto.com should be able to give the the price .
do n't know , sorry .
safecoproducts dot com says 200 lbs . ( 100 lbs . top shelf ; 50 lbs . lower shelf ) . the stand itself weighs 38 lbs .
fantastic ! faster than the ones at my office ! great find .
yes , they work one at a time . using the template can be tricky - you have to pay close attention to make sure you 're tying the words in the right place .
i have not tried it but i am sure if you put two heavily loaded vaultz boxes on top , it will cause some damage . big question would be how heavy will the top be .
i only purchased black ... and i checked the package but did n't see an expiration date .
the box says only c3130 , c3150 , and c3180
works for this model . however , my colored ( 93 ) seems to have dried up . could n't use it . these are the numbers i use for # 3180 .
860 black ( hp 96 ) 450 color or 160 photos . ( hp 97 ) http : www8.hp.com us en products oas product-detail.html ? oid=397408http : www8.hp.com us en products oas product-detail.html ? oid=397433
have no idea if they will work with a d1460 printer . check the amazon descriptions or the manual of your printer .
approx 5.5mm
too many to list here : click on this link http : www.shopping.hp.com en_us home-office - products ink_toner_paper hp-ink c9321fn ? hp-56-black-57-tri-color-2-pack-original-ink-cartridges click on compatible printers .
it 's heavy , but not crazy heavy ! it 's definitely more than 1.8 ounces . more like 11.8 ounces .
you could probably get away with it ... .if you do n't hang too many keys on it and or too many papers . just depends how much you want to load it down .
you can change out the die , but when i tried to order a different address i had to order an entirely new system . the handle hurts your hand if you do a lot of envelopes and i 've had complaints from older people that they ca n't read my address . i love the embossed look , but if i had to do it again , i 'd go with an ink stamper like this : www.simplystamps.com address_stamps-list.aspx
yes ! i used regular chalk and it works just like a regular chalk board
about 1 8 of an inch .
depends on the diameter of the roll . height is no problem . weight over 60lbs is likely probable ... but i have n't tested that much weight in one roll . i probably have close to 60 lbs . with the several rolls i have in it , and it holds that easily .
they do script . make sure you request an appropriate font size .
you can buy refills from amazon . the right tape is labeled `` m series , '' m-131 , m-231 , or p-touch .
it 's not a cordless base , so it wo n't support any cordless phones . it 's a small office phone system . you need to get the kx-tg4500b to get the cordless capability .
i think it can be mounted , but i 'm not sure - it was a gift to a family member , who uses it on a desk . it 's a nice phone , though .
the bottom is soft but is a very heavy canvas type bottom and sides that will easily support the weight . as for tipping , maybe just make sure you have another gallon of milk next to it or a bag of groceries to assist it from tipping over as you mentioned . this is an extremely strong cart that i have abused when i was moving , and it will carry a tremendous amount of weight without any damage to the cart at all . i love this cart , and bought a second one so there is one in each car for anytime we go out and purchase anything that i choose not to carry . it even folds up so small that to me it is a necessity at all times . this cart will hold almost as much as a full size shopping cart at the grocery store ! just be sensible and put your heavy cans , bottle and boxes in first then put your softer vegetable and breads at the top and your all set . i live in a large high rise building and many people use them , and those that do n't have them are always asking me where to get one . i tell them amazon . enjoy . the bottom is soft but is a very heavy canvas type bottom and sides that will easily support the weight . as for tipping , maybe just make sure you have another gallon of milk next to it or a bag of groceries to assist it from tipping over as you mentioned . this is an extremely strong cart that i have abused when i was moving , and it will carry a tremendous amount of weight without any damage to the cart at all . i love this cart , and bought a second one so there is one in each car for anytime we go out and purchase anything that i choose not to carry . it even folds up so small that to me it ... » read more the bottom is soft but is a very heavy canvas type bottom and sides that will easily support the weight . as for tipping , maybe just make sure you have another gallon of milk next to it or a bag of groceries to assist it from tipping over as you mentioned . this is an extremely strong cart that i have abused when i was moving , and it will carry a tremendous amount of weight without any damage to the cart at all . i love this cart , and bought a second one so there is one in each car for anytime we go out and purchase anything that i choose not to carry . it even folds up so small that to me it is a necessity at all times . this cart will hold almost as much as a full size shopping cart at the grocery store ! just be sensible and put your heavy cans , bottle and boxes in first then put your softer vegetable and breads at the top and your all set . i live in a large high rise building and many people use them , and those that do n't have them are always asking me where to get one . i tell them amazon . enjoy . « show less
no battery , but i have found the volume assist very good .
we have the same problem . panasonic has taken a lot of steps back on their phones . they suck .
nope . it has mute and supports call waiting . and an additional handset can join an existing conversation ( 2 handsets + 1 outside caller ) ; 1st handset can hang up after 2nd picks up , if desired . hth .
i do not know the answer to this - but i have used hp scanners with all the all the previous windows operating systems . i rely heavily on m7 g4010 scanner and currently use windows 7. i have never been aware of any particular problem caused by the operative system and hp updates the scanner software regularly . if anyone wants to pursue this , i would contact hp customer care .
no . letter size is the max
mine came with 110v only adapters . output for the handset charger is 7.5v , 150ma . base is 7.5v 500ma .
i have to say , a company such as hp disables only black printing hiding behind the fact that they have to use yellow to give the grayscale tones . therefore forces you to buy yellow cartridges . i could n't fix it using the software that came with the hp . unless i am missing something massively , it is a way for hp to extract money from paying customers such as us who made the mistake of acquiring an hp printer . ( in this case a l7580 )
hello ! i have reused several containers of frozen stock and the labels peeled off perfectly even after being in the freezer . i 've read some reviews that say if you get the labels wet they leave some residue . i do n't get them wet i simply put them on a dry lid and pop them in the freezer and when i take out the stock from the freezer i peel the label right off with no problem . i hope this answers your question !
they 're more like a magic eraser than a regular sponge .
i made a stamp with four lines . you can do that . i dont now if 30 characters is too much .
the voltage is 120v
no . this is only for combs , which when spread open are like fingers . not for spiral as in a spiral coil . here is what you want for a spiral coil : coilpro 101i spiral coil binding machine with electric coil inserter
no , they are the standard flags .
it seems to have a sturdy enough frame to sit on if you wanted to . but it probably would depend upon how much you weight as well . staples stores carry these . if you have a staples in your town you can try out the chest for yourself . hope this helps ! : )
from my experience , it depends on the marker . i can use a large expo marker and some of the dollar store markers , but not others .
if you have the proper software or driver , yes
hilar . very funny !
not backlit
it does n't need a battery . i think what caused confusion is the need of cordless phones to have a battery to charge to be able to receive a signal . this is an `` old fashioned '' phone that is directly connected to the phone line . if the electricity goes out , it is not affected .
you are right , this is more expensive . i guess that 's because they include a router in the box . i do wish they sell this same phone without the router . i have both this phone , and the netgear one which costs much less -- this phone has a great speaker phone option that the netgear one does not have although the volume on this phone is much lower than the netgear one !
yes
no
yes it will work fine on laminated surfaces
yes , each pack comes with 2 form 1096s .
22 '' x 28 '' and approximately .5 mm thick for each sheet .
yes .
only if you protect the seams . i would n't submerge anything , but it is plastic wrap , so if it 's a light rain you should be fine . if you are planning on going deep sea diving , i 'd look for something that has a complete seal
height ? no . attached to one pole
this ink fit in the hp74 standard black ink . part # cb335wn thank you .
yes it does
this is an old school printer and i would not buy it even if it had wireless ( i do n't think mine actually had that capability ) . that canon was pretty noisy and would shake when printing .
that printer quit on me five years ago . i do n't know if you can print name badges or not .
3 4 inch ( outside ) diameter .
if it is a laptop yes , if it is a pc tower case , i would not recommend trying . the lower shelf is a thin panel that sits on the lip of the pieces that frame the panel .
i have a canon printer , works beautifully in it , do not know on the pixma470
if you cut cardstock but are not overly thick
around 15 inch
it does not lie flat . i find i have to hold it open to write in it .
ivory or `` almond '' .
do n't buy it that 's the only answer i have for u
hp 74 black and white and hp75 color
it is bigger than 15 x 13. mine is at school . i have a large white board and it covers the full length from top to bottom ( maybe 3 feet ) and about 2 feet across . i can measure it tomorrow when i go in and send the actual dimensions .
yes it does .
it would probably be very tight , at best . i found it hard to pack a standard dvd case ( 5 3 8 x 7 1 2 x 1 2 ) in one of these and if there were any differences ( thicker for 2 or 3 discs or a slip cover ) nigh on to impossible . i found that you can get # 1s from a couple of different suppliers ( on amazon ) for less per unit ( buying in boxes of 100 ) and they are much easier to pack ( thinking about it i 'm going to have to order another box today ) it raises the shipping weight by less than 1 4 oz which makes it negligible .
the ergo rest is very adjustable . i believe it can accommodate a wide range of arm-lengths . i use it with my wacom tablets , however , i imagine it could support any sort of mouse or keyboard use . it attaches to a table or desk , so the height or adjust-ability of your chair is key . i hope this answer helps .
i do n't know that width is part of the formula . they clamp to a desktop up to 1 1 4 '' thick . they swing in an 11 1 2 '' arc . hope that helps .
20 inches .
the square where you write the date is 1 2 '' x 1 2 '' . the entire square is 2 '' x 1 3 4 ''
yes , most certainly ! i believe the calendar comes with some magnetic tape stickies that you can use . if it does n't , magnetic tape is available for purchase at almost any crafts store .
i checked out on amazon , and there 're at least 3 different listings - they should all be the same , so the price is whether it 's from amazon directly , fulfilled by amazon or an external vendor . i 'd just go with the lowest cost one , through amazon .
yes
powered from any usb port - no other batteries or wires involved .
no metallic gold ink ... 21 cc or .71 fl . oz .
it is about 3 4 '' thick , or if you are metrically inclined , 190mm . : )
no you can not write on them with anything .
no . it folds flat and can stand up in a triangular shape . there are no holes or grommets .
no , it does n't
it will . however , do n't forget that if you'e punching thick photo album pages , you do one a the time . i have had this machine close to two years now and it handled admirably all sorts of misuses and abuses . really good product .
yes , good for combs up to 2 '' . seems pretty rugged , should be good for high volume use . have not own it too long to fully appreciate yet . no problems ! easy to use .
the product it 's on your lap nicely and conforms to your legs to very stable typing platform
pretty sure it is a 110v
no , it was not advertised to be able to so , due to plastic parts in shredder i found when mine broke , i would not try it .
yes , you can adjust the ringer volume control . if you look at the photo included with my question from amazon , you can see a small red object protruding from the upper right side of the phone ; that is the ringer volume control . we ordered it because we wanted a loud ringer but when you set it to the loudest volume , it vibrated so hard that the bell kinda thuds instead of ringing , so we set the ringer volume lower and it works fine . the listening volume control is on the handset basically where your fingers grip the receiver .
mine never worked long-enough to have that issue .
pretty much ... it says 4×8 but to me it 's all the same . when i got these i bought them over the price being right !
no not at all ... they do n't seem to dry very fast on gloss and they smudge very easily . great on paper because they do n't bleed though .
it looks exactly like it is pictured silver and black .
you can point to the screen , depending how far you are from it . but this is a good pointer !
definitely not a genuine brother drum unit , despite the box shown in the picture . the vendor 's misleading you and other purchasers with this .
as amazon 's product description says : `` product dimensions : 12.3 x 13.2 inches '' . the bottom part is 1-5 8 '' high ( it has round feet ) , and each of the two `` layers '' you can stack on it are 1-1 8 '' high .
my pen is all chrome . good quality too . has held up well ...
about 1-3 8 '' x 1-1 4 ''
you can not they make them that way . you need both color and black ink even if you print just black .
i never got the thing to work so i do n't know .
if you are buying this software from amazon , fm will accept key .
9 `` x 8 '' wide
yes , it has time value of money . it is not specifically a financial calculator , but it is a programmable one , so you could always program for any financial function . best bet is to download the user 's manual from hp ; should be available free .
these are $ 379 at staples , not including a $ 25 coupon if they deliver it to your home or business ( free ) less $ 50 for a trade-in of an old printer . total cost = $ 304 plus tax . how amazon is at $ 520 for this is beyond me .
my wife 's does not . she got hers about two months ago .
i think it was 250 lbs
i do not think it would be comfortable for hours . it is not thick enough . you might want to upgrade . also i would recommend a stool with the ring around the bottom to rest your feet on .
18 inches . overall it is small .
yes
yes , the 5 1 2 '' x 8 1 2 '' size is correct . it is simply a letter sized paper with a score down the middle to fold in half . we do have the same product available in the 5 '' x 7 '' size . it can be found under asin b000uapg5y
i do n't know it official rating , but i ca n't imaginie it would last more than a few minutes in a real blaze . this is great for making change , but i would n't use it for long term storage
no the top is not strong enough and it wo n't allow the bottom one to open
first off.. yuck.. i clean mine with a battery powered tooth brush ( oral-b ) it cleans the surface right back to new .
do n't know ... it was a gift . perfect condition when i received .
i did n't get the tray , sorry
yes you can . at least as i understand your question . you plug into the base and the other work off the base phone .
just guessing , but i believe there is also an rj-45 port on this printer . make sure the phone line is plugged into the smaller rj11 port and not the other slight larger port .
i 'm not familiar with the nurit 8000. this paper is compatible with over three differently brand devices in our office so it seems pretty standard . if your nurit 8000 takes thermal paper of this size , i would assume it works .
the only way to tell would be to measure the holder you have , check the measurements stated on the ad for wellsprings flip note .
since i originally posted , i actually exchanged it and the replacement was better at first but seems to be similar to the first one . i can live with it as long as it is just noise and not really a problem leading to premature failure . i love the results i get with this printer compared to my old hp with it 's outdated tri-color cartidge system .
i would like to know answer to exact same question . did you ever find out anything ?
hi christine , the canon 8800f can be easy to use - the software is set up for `` simple '' use with few adjustments or controls and the software has other modes for more advanced users that give users access to more adjustments and controls . you did not say what mac computer you have and what operating system you are using . if you have a mac that was released by apple in the last 2-3 years that runs mac os x 10.2.8 or later ( tiger ) or os x 10.5 ( leopard ) , then the 8800f and software should work with your computer . i have 1.5 year old imac running os x 10.4.11 ( tiger ) and the scanner and software work great . as for where to purchase , you can go on-line and do a search for the `` canon canoscan 8800f '' and find many good on-line sellers who sell the product ( i have n't found any local retailers who sell much other than hp scanners ) . i bought my 8800f from a long-time on-line seller called `` cdw '' . you can order directly on-line or call their toll-free number and work with an `` account '' representative . i had some questions and so i called the toll-free number and was connected with a very nice , professional `` account '' representative named `` robert nixon '' . he handles corporate accounts but was happy to take my business . i 've ordered several mac-compatible products from cdw ( and robert nixon who gave me his direct phone number for any future orders or questions ) over the last year and found them to be professional and have fast shipping . cdw 's prices are n't the cheapest , but they are n't bad and you will pay for shipping ( i chose fairly quick ups 2-day air and also ups ground costs ) . i may have paid about $ 200 for the 8800f , although i do n't recall exactly . if you are able to teach your son the steps and workflow required to scan your photos ( and i think the process can be made fairly simple with just a few steps ) , you should be in business . please note : the 8800f has a standard mode where the scanner scans quickly but makes a high-pitched sound ( caused by the scanner motor moving quickly ) . the 8800f does have a `` quiet '' mode ( set by the click of a box in the preferences window ) that is supposed to make the scanner quieter . i have n't tried this mode yet so i ca n't tell you how much quieter ( or slower ) the scanner is . i mention this in case you or your son might be sensitive to high-pitched noises . some people may be annoyed by the sound or might get annoyed after scanning many , many items . the `` quiet '' mode may be the solution ( but do n't know for sure ) . good luck with your purchase decision.to faffie : you posted here about having trouble importing canoscan 8800f scans into iphoto . then you deleted your post . i hope you resolved your problem . i just tried importing into iphoto ( i have iphoto8 version 7.1.3 ) in mac os x 10.4.11 ( tiger - i have n't upgraded to leopard yet ) with no problems . i do n't use iphoto myself ( at least not yet ) , but i first created a `` test photos '' folder in iphoto . then i went into the file menu and did `` import to library '' and browsed to the 8800f jpeg scans i wanted to import . on importing them , they appeared in the main `` library '' folder and well as `` recent items '' folder . from the `` recent items '' folder , i was able to drag and drop these scanned jpegs into my `` test photos '' folder . i could then double-click on the photo to see a larger version of it , rotate it , etc . so i did n't appear to have a problem importing scanned jpegs into iphoto . without additional information from you , i 'm not sure why you were having problems importing scanned jpegs into iphoto . reply back if you are still having problems . bye . hi christine , the canon 8800f can be easy to use - the software is set up for `` simple '' use with few adjustments or controls and the software has other modes for more advanced users that give users access to more adjustments and controls . you did not say what mac computer you have and what operating system you are using . if you have a mac that was released by apple in the last 2-3 years that runs mac os x 10.2.8 or later ( tiger ) or os x 10.5 ( leopard ) , then the 8800f and software should work with your computer . i have 1.5 year old imac running os x 10.4.11 ( tiger ) and the ... » read more hi christine , the canon 8800f can be easy to use - the software is set up for `` simple '' use with few adjustments or controls and the software has other modes for more advanced users that give users access to more adjustments and controls . you did not say what mac computer you have and what operating system you are using . if you have a mac that was released by apple in the last 2-3 years that runs mac os x 10.2.8 or later ( tiger ) or os x 10.5 ( leopard ) , then the 8800f and software should work with your computer . i have 1.5 year old imac running os x 10.4.11 ( tiger ) and the scanner and software work great . as for where to purchase , you can go on-line and do a search for the `` canon canoscan 8800f '' and find many good on-line sellers who sell the product ( i have n't found any local retailers who sell much other than hp scanners ) . i bought my 8800f from a long-time on-line seller called `` cdw '' . you can order directly on-line or call their toll-free number and work with an `` account '' representative . i had some questions and so i called the toll-free number and was connected with a very nice , professional `` account '' representative named `` robert nixon '' . he handles corporate accounts but was happy to take my business . i 've ordered several mac-compatible products from cdw ( and robert nixon who gave me his direct phone number for any future orders or questions ) over the last year and found them to be professional and have fast shipping . cdw 's prices are n't the cheapest , but they are n't bad and you will pay for shipping ( i chose fairly quick ups 2-day air and also ups ground costs ) . i may have paid about $ 200 for the 8800f , although i do n't recall exactly . if you are able to teach your son the steps and workflow required to scan your photos ( and i think the process can be made fairly simple with just a few steps ) , you should be in business . please note : the 8800f has a standard mode where the scanner scans quickly but makes a high-pitched sound ( caused by the scanner motor moving quickly ) . the 8800f does have a `` quiet '' mode ( set by the click of a box in the preferences window ) that is supposed to make the scanner quieter . i have n't tried this mode yet so i ca n't tell you how much quieter ( or slower ) the scanner is . i mention this in case you or your son might be sensitive to high-pitched noises . some people may be annoyed by the sound or might get annoyed after scanning many , many items . the `` quiet '' mode may be the solution ( but do n't know for sure ) . good luck with your purchase decision.to faffie : you posted here about having trouble importing canoscan 8800f scans into iphoto . then you deleted your post . i hope you resolved your problem . i just tried importing into iphoto ( i have iphoto8 version 7.1.3 ) in mac os x 10.4.11 ( tiger - i have n't upgraded to leopard yet ) with no problems . i do n't use iphoto myself ( at least not yet ) , but i first created a `` test photos '' folder in iphoto . then i went into the file menu and did `` import to library '' and browsed to the 8800f jpeg scans i wanted to import . on importing them , they appeared in the main `` library '' folder and well as `` recent items '' folder . from the `` recent items '' folder , i was able to drag and drop these scanned jpegs into my `` test photos '' folder . i could then double-click on the photo to see a larger version of it , rotate it , etc . so i did n't appear to have a problem importing scanned jpegs into iphoto . without additional information from you , i 'm not sure why you were having problems importing scanned jpegs into iphoto . reply back if you are still having problems . bye . « show less
there is not one to my knowledge ...
this printer has an internal paper tray ( referred to as the cassette ) that will hold 150 sheets of plain paper . it 's great because there is a tray selection mode called `` paper allocation '' where you tell the print driver what kind of paper is loaded in the cassette ( i have plain paper in there . ) when i print using plain paper the printer will access the cassette . but if i select some other type of paper then it automatically feeds from the rear tray . i never have to fuss with which tray to feed from . this is nice because i print on envelopes so i never end up printing an address on plain paper , or trying to print a letter on an envelope . this printer has an internal paper tray ( referred to as the cassette ) that will hold 150 sheets of plain paper . it 's great because there is a tray selection mode called `` paper allocation '' where you tell the print driver what kind of paper is loaded in the cassette ( i have plain paper in there . ) when i print using plain paper the printer will access the cassette . but if i select some other type of paper then it automatically feeds from the rear tray . i never have to fuss with which tray to feed from . this is nice because i print on envelopes so i never end up printing an address on ... » read more this printer has an internal paper tray ( referred to as the cassette ) that will hold 150 sheets of plain paper . it 's great because there is a tray selection mode called `` paper allocation '' where you tell the print driver what kind of paper is loaded in the cassette ( i have plain paper in there . ) when i print using plain paper the printer will access the cassette . but if i select some other type of paper then it automatically feeds from the rear tray . i never have to fuss with which tray to feed from . this is nice because i print on envelopes so i never end up printing an address on plain paper , or trying to print a letter on an envelope . « show less
i believe it will . i 've never had a better pad . though it was horrible with my wifi logitech mouse . once i got the razer deathadder though it 's been a match made in heaven . it 's just so responsive .
they provide paper inserts with the plastic , but i made my own paper inserts on a single sheet , then cut them out and inserted them into the plastic sleeves . it was easier to print that way and i could make my own design .
the pocket measures about 4 3 4 inches high . hope this helps .
i had to unspool and cut the negatives at a length to match the length of the film adapter so it could be held firmly at both ends.the film was too narrow to be supported by the holder . i used the professional mode and unchecked thumbnails , and did a preview . i manually selected the images from the preview- about 3 4 by 1.25 inches per frame . scanned at 4800. the color was off- i used adobe photoshop 7 to adjust levels . the resulting image was pretty good , about the same quality as the photo that was developed from it . i had first tried forcing the uncut film into the holder , which meant damaging at least one frame . and it did not hold it precisely enough to get a good scan . all , and all , proabably not a very good way to scan aps film . i had to unspool and cut the negatives at a length to match the length of the film adapter so it could be held firmly at both ends.the film was too narrow to be supported by the holder . i used the professional mode and unchecked thumbnails , and did a preview . i manually selected the images from the preview- about 3 4 by 1.25 inches per frame . scanned at 4800. the color was off- i used adobe photoshop 7 to adjust levels . the resulting image was pretty good , about the same quality as the photo that was developed from it . i had first tried forcing the uncut film into the holder , which meant ... » read more i had to unspool and cut the negatives at a length to match the length of the film adapter so it could be held firmly at both ends.the film was too narrow to be supported by the holder . i used the professional mode and unchecked thumbnails , and did a preview . i manually selected the images from the preview- about 3 4 by 1.25 inches per frame . scanned at 4800. the color was off- i used adobe photoshop 7 to adjust levels . the resulting image was pretty good , about the same quality as the photo that was developed from it . i had first tried forcing the uncut film into the holder , which meant damaging at least one frame . and it did not hold it precisely enough to get a good scan . all , and all , proabably not a very good way to scan aps film . « show less
be careful and try another one.i have never had a problem.good luck !
i do n't really know . i ordered the wrong cartridges . i do know that i have used ld products for several years and have always been pleased with the printer cartridges . i needed to order cartridges for a canon printer and i really do n't know why i clicked on this one . just my mistake . sorry that i did n't answer your question .
as long as it 's an inkjet printer ( it should say on the printer itself or at least on a pamphlet it came with or something ) , which i 'm sure it is , then you should be able to . : )
color can be improved somewhat by using the color calibration advanced preferences feature on a 9840 connected to windows xp via usb ( see the manual and also the brother faq 002477_001 entitled `` how do i improve the color density ? `` ) . i do n't know under what other conditions this works , e.g . mac , vista , etc . i have noticed that this feature does not seem to work on my network connection to the printer , but i 'm still figuring it all out . the faq implies that it works on both macs and pc's.i have to admit , however , that for the highest quality color output , i use a dye sublimation printer which makes photo quality prints , but which is too expensive to use for everyday use -- so i 'm not all that concerned about how super the color print quality is from this printer . color can be improved somewhat by using the color calibration advanced preferences feature on a 9840 connected to windows xp via usb ( see the manual and also the brother faq 002477_001 entitled `` how do i improve the color density ? `` ) . i do n't know under what other conditions this works , e.g . mac , vista , etc . i have noticed that this feature does not seem to work on my network connection to the printer , but i 'm still figuring it all out . the faq implies that it works on both macs and pc's.i have to admit , however , that for the highest quality color output , i use a dye ... » read more color can be improved somewhat by using the color calibration advanced preferences feature on a 9840 connected to windows xp via usb ( see the manual and also the brother faq 002477_001 entitled `` how do i improve the color density ? `` ) . i do n't know under what other conditions this works , e.g . mac , vista , etc . i have noticed that this feature does not seem to work on my network connection to the printer , but i 'm still figuring it all out . the faq implies that it works on both macs and pc's.i have to admit , however , that for the highest quality color output , i use a dye sublimation printer which makes photo quality prints , but which is too expensive to use for everyday use -- so i 'm not all that concerned about how super the color print quality is from this printer . « show less
not sure company saves on shipping and only sends ink packages . but in 2 orders i havent had an issue with ink .
the bed of this cutter is 12 inches long , and it makes very good 11 inch cuts . ( i 've found that if you try to cut the full 12 inches , the last bit can be dodgy . ) the other reviewer is speaking of the width . if you place you 8.5x11 paper in landscape orientation , your paper will hang off the left side of the bed by about one inch . thus , unless you are cutting off about an inch and a half or more , you ca n't use the markings on the bed to help you .
black
probably not directly on the butter , but the wrapper i would guess yes .
no , it does not have the grip lines . one of the things i like about the matte balck bullet pen . i find it more comfortable to use then the ones that do have them . and so far it seems that all the bullet pens have them except the matte black pen .
this pack does n't stand up . some of the smaller packs do . i 've had those and they 're great , but i really like this better . this one is great because it rolls up to a convenient size for travel , has a stretchy velcro closure - which allows me to sneak other pencils and pens into the pack and still be secure - and there is a small blue pocket area large enough for a mechanical pencil , eraser , and small sharpener ( not provided , but that 's what i put in mine ! )
clogging has never been an issue with noodler 's ghost ink ( or any of the many other noodler 's inks that i have used ) . i love this product and think it 's brilliant ! bulletproof , invisible , fun and easy to clean out of a pen . even if the ink dries up in the pen , a soaking in warm water will have you back in writing business in no time ! enjoy this product and happy writing !
whatever you do do not buy this scanner . it does not work on a mac , though it says it does , and mustek offers no driver support . look through the reviews of this product and you will find many frustrated people who bought this for their mac and found it does not work . buy an epson large format printer scanner . they have many out there that scan 12x18 and are of a comparable price , and offer driver support for mac , windows , and linux
the print out size is the same as all printing calculators . the digital numbers on the calculator are larger .
if you can set the hp to print 4 x 6 paper , it should work . i use the kodak paper in a canon printer .
i hope this makes sense as i am measuring it below the plastic . 6 16 '' or 1cm is as close as i can come .
yes , very well and the quality is great .
the two front casters are locking . the adjustable width is an inside measurement .
i 've had such a bad experience with this printer that i could not , in good consciousness , recommend it for any reason . but do n't take my word for it . check out all the one star reviews . http : www.amazon.com brother-mfc-465cn-inkjet-printer-networking product-reviews b000x9s1li ref=cm_cr_pr_hist_1 ? ie=utf8 &showviewpoints; =1 &sortby; =recent &reviewertype; =all_reviews &filterbystar; =one_star &pagenumber; =1 this thing drinks ink . it `` cleans '' the ink jet heads every day whether used or not , which uses up the ink . then , if one cartridge is empty all other functions stop.there are probably other brother brand printers that do better . unfortunately , this experience has turned me off their products.sorry if this was n't the answer you wanted . but i felt you should be aware of the risks . always check the one star reviews before buying anything . i 've had such a bad experience with this printer that i could not , in good consciousness , recommend it for any reason . but do n't take my word for it . check out all the one star reviews . http : www.amazon.com brother-mfc-465cn-inkjet-printer-networking product-reviews b000x9s1li ref=cm_cr_pr_hist_1 ? ie=utf8 &showviewpoints; =1 &sortby; =recent &reviewertype; =all_reviews & filterbystar ... ; » read more i 've had such a bad experience with this printer that i could not , in good consciousness , recommend it for any reason . but do n't take my word for it . check out all the one star reviews . http : www.amazon.com brother-mfc-465cn-inkjet-printer-networking product-reviews b000x9s1li ref=cm_cr_pr_hist_1 ? ie=utf8 &showviewpoints; =1 &sortby; =recent &reviewertype; =all_reviews &filterbystar; =one_star &pagenumber; =1 this thing drinks ink . it `` cleans '' the ink jet heads every day whether used or not , which uses up the ink . then , if one cartridge is empty all other functions stop.there are probably other brother brand printers that do better . unfortunately , this experience has turned me off their products.sorry if this was n't the answer you wanted . but i felt you should be aware of the risks . always check the one star reviews before buying anything . « show less
it has a small solar panel in the upper right hand corner and a backup battery .
the answer is a qualified `` yes . '' its adjustable backing consists of crimped wire separators . these are difficult to keep in position , nor are instructions for their use included . however , note that the sides of the drawers are of correct height to support hanging files , which is a better system for holding folders in position . higher sides on the drawers means that it is unnecessary to purchase separate racks to support hanging files . for partially full drawers , the crimped wires will have to do .
it uses 2 aaa , which last a long time : )
yes , both the keyboard and mouse rests are removable . they are attached with velcro .
no the cisco ip phone does not come with the power supply .
there is no calculator. , but i feel it is worth the money .
yes they do , i have it running on windows vista home premium 64bit
to install the casters simply flip the shredder on it 's side , put the casters in the holes underneath and tap them in with the palm of your hand till they snap in place .
this phone has a 20-foot line cord .
no it has a sharpener where the eraser should be . i recommend moo erasers for this type of pencil .
absolutely , the keyboard holder stores under the desk . the depth of the desk does matter . i have 18 inches of depth under my desk ; the keyboard holder makes it under hides perfectly under the desk . if you have less depth , the keyboard will protrude to some degree . the holder is 30.5 inches wide . the kensington easily holds my microsoft ergonomic 4000v1.0 keyboard , leaving an additional 10+ inches for a mouse and pad .
yes -- -apr 2016
im pretty sure they 're the same thing . it 's the part they create that 's uniquely what you 've asked for .
once you place order you will get email from our store .
yes ! they will email you after you place the order . great customer service .
yes ! they will email you after you place the order . great customer service .
yes its a nice wide tray plenty of room . its very sturdy and i highly recommend it . i have been really happy with it and use it in our office over 40hrs a week . this is top quality and not a cheesy flimsy key board tray . it has been holding up really well in our construction office ! thats saying someting ; - )
you would have to trim standard 8 1 2 x 11 paper whether folded vertically or horizontally .
yes
not sure what sound is like on the deskphone speakerphone . but we use this polycom cx100 for conference calls between our factory in the philippines , and us office . we have been using these for about 3 years or more , and have had no problems . sound is good , and microphone picks up very well .
when you pull off the backing you put two sticky side sheets together to get the lamination effect . the backing is ruled in sections so it is easy to cut to the size you need . it 's softer than lets say an old laminated drivers license , but it does the trick.s
yes -- -- somewhere about 1 32. hold down works well tiny bit of deflection on large stack not a problem .
no it moves back and foward and it swivels ..but nothing locks it down when you dont want it to move
the package indicates brightness of 100. i can attest that it is very bright paper .
works fine with 7
device weight ( does not include printing supplies ) * device : 2.0 kg ( 4.2 lb )
i was having this problem as well , after contacting brother directly , i found a two step approach worked ... this is a copy of the sections from the email from brother : verify the printer is configured with a valid ip address.a . print out the network setting page by pressing the set button three times . a page will now print on the brother printer with the current network settings . if the ip address of the printer starts with 169.254.x.x , the printer is not communicating with the dhcp server on your network . *note : if the brother machine was just connected to the network it may take up to 2 minutes before this option is available . b. on your pc , open the command prompt:2000 xp users , click on start , run , erase any existing text in this box then type cmd and click ok. type ipconfig at the prompt , then press enter . c. compare the ip address , subnet , and gateway of the pc listed in the command prompt to the information listed on the network settings list printed from the printer.the first three sets of numbers should be identical . the last sequence of numbers must be different . if this is not the case you will need to change the ip address of the printer . d. ping the brother ip address.open the command prompt on the pc by clicking start , run , and then eraseany existing text in this box.at the command prompt type : ping xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx ( xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx = the ip address listed on the network ) if there is a reply to the ping command , verify the driver is configuredwith the correct ip address . 1. click on windows start and type control printers in the start search line . press the enter key . 2. right click on the brother driver in the printers list and select properties . 3. select the ports tab . 4. expand the port column so you can see the entire name or ip address the port is assigned to . 5. verify this number is the same as the ip address from the network settings page . if the number is different , click the add port ... button . 6. select standard tcp ip port and click new port . follow the new port wizard to assign the printer the ip address you configured for the printer . close the new port window . 7. click apply to set the ip address port in the properties . click ok toexit properties . 8. print a test to confirm the printer is now online and working . brother strongly recommends assigning the printer a static ip address . you can use the current ip address or obtain a new ip address from your network administrator or internet service provider . once you have obtained an ip address for the printer you will need to assign that ip address to the printer and set it as a static ip address . 1. open an internet web browser ( ex . internet explorer ) . 2. enter the current printer ip address on the address line and press the enter key on the keyboard . this will display the printer 's built in web management page . 3. select network configuration . a login screen will appear . the defaultuser name is admin . the default password is access . click ok. 4. click configure tcp ip . 5. keep the same ip address or enter the new ip address in the ip address field . 6. next to boot method select static . 7. click submit . 8. close the internet web browser . 9. print the network configuration from the printer again by pressing the go button three times . verify the ip address listed on the last pageis the ip address your network administrator or internet service provider supplied to you . to the right of the ip address , it will indicate ( set manually ) .doing these two things got the printer up and running on all three machines on my network . if it does n't work still , contact brother , they seem to be helpful i was having this problem as well , after contacting brother directly , i found a two step approach worked ... this is a copy of the sections from the email from brother : verify the printer is configured with a valid ip address.a . print out the network setting page by pressing the set button three times . a page will now print on the brother printer with the current network settings . if the ip address of the printer starts with 169.254.x.x , the printer is not communicating with the dhcp server on your network . *note : if the brother machine ... » read more i was having this problem as well , after contacting brother directly , i found a two step approach worked ... this is a copy of the sections from the email from brother : verify the printer is configured with a valid ip address.a . print out the network setting page by pressing the set button three times . a page will now print on the brother printer with the current network settings . if the ip address of the printer starts with 169.254.x.x , the printer is not communicating with the dhcp server on your network . *note : if the brother machine was just connected to the network it may take up to 2 minutes before this option is available . b. on your pc , open the command prompt:2000 xp users , click on start , run , erase any existing text in this box then type cmd and click ok. type ipconfig at the prompt , then press enter . c. compare the ip address , subnet , and gateway of the pc listed in the command prompt to the information listed on the network settings list printed from the printer.the first three sets of numbers should be identical . the last sequence of numbers must be different . if this is not the case you will need to change the ip address of the printer . d. ping the brother ip address.open the command prompt on the pc by clicking start , run , and then eraseany existing text in this box.at the command prompt type : ping xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx ( xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx = the ip address listed on the network ) if there is a reply to the ping command , verify the driver is configuredwith the correct ip address . 1. click on windows start and type control printers in the start search line . press the enter key . 2. right click on the brother driver in the printers list and select properties . 3. select the ports tab . 4. expand the port column so you can see the entire name or ip address the port is assigned to . 5. verify this number is the same as the ip address from the network settings page . if the number is different , click the add port ... button . 6. select standard tcp ip port and click new port . follow the new port wizard to assign the printer the ip address you configured for the printer . close the new port window . 7. click apply to set the ip address port in the properties . click ok toexit properties . 8. print a test to confirm the printer is now online and working . brother strongly recommends assigning the printer a static ip address . you can use the current ip address or obtain a new ip address from your network administrator or internet service provider . once you have obtained an ip address for the printer you will need to assign that ip address to the printer and set it as a static ip address . 1. open an internet web browser ( ex . internet explorer ) . 2. enter the current printer ip address on the address line and press the enter key on the keyboard . this will display the printer 's built in web management page . 3. select network configuration . a login screen will appear . the defaultuser name is admin . the default password is access . click ok. 4. click configure tcp ip . 5. keep the same ip address or enter the new ip address in the ip address field . 6. next to boot method select static . 7. click submit . 8. close the internet web browser . 9. print the network configuration from the printer again by pressing the go button three times . verify the ip address listed on the last pageis the ip address your network administrator or internet service provider supplied to you . to the right of the ip address , it will indicate ( set manually ) .doing these two things got the printer up and running on all three machines on my network . if it does n't work still , contact brother , they seem to be helpful « show less
unless the ink color has changed , the traditional blue ink refills for parker ( made by parker , not the gel , but regular ink ) are kind of turquoise color . that 's what i like most about them . i prefer the blue to the black . to me , they look somewhere between a turquoise and royal blue , depending on the paper you 're writing on .
yes . my wife used it to hem a pair of blue jean shorts last summer and it has held fast up to this point .
i assume you know that the toner cartridge is distinct from the drum , and that the drum lasts about 4 toner cartridges . the 1.5 '' patern does reflect the circumference of the toner cartridge roller ( how 'bout that 2 pi r ? ) , so if your drum is n't old , then i 'd guess you 're right that it 's a bad toner cartridge -- i 've never had one bleed , and my drum is going on 10,000 pages ( well past the 8500 page rated life ) .
25 total . you can upgrade for more i think 25 at a time .
no - the value is that it is fairly reliable and i can print 13x19 photos with ease . jim t .
screws on both sides , very easy and very good product
no , 8.5 x 11 only
np it 's not . this one only works with your pc on
leather
i do n't think so . it does have a `` hold '' button , but i do n't know how you 'd alert another phone to pick the call up .
i have at &t; u-verse and the phone works well with no batteries required . the speakerphone does have a 120v adaptor for power .
i believe so , according to the directions . look up the manual on line , and that will confirm things .
i did not see any bleed through . i always used them to fill out one sided documents and log sheets . however , i do n't think they would be good for two sided writing because the ink is such a heavy line and dark . ( unless the paper was thicker than the standard notebook sheet or copy paper . )
i measure 3 8 '' .
i do n't have any other than use anyway this machine is not really goodi already contact to manufacturer and they said i have to return to you let me know
both . the 31 is just a larger capacity .
omg , thank you so much b. batt ! holding down the `` stop '' button worked perfectly to resent my mp980 !
i have used card stock and it works . no problem .
if the entire sheet is in among the rollers you will need professional help to get it out . when i had part of a insulating sleeve partially caught in it i took off the upper heat shield over the rollers and ran it in reverse and used a very dull butter knife to dig pry it out . ideally i would not recommend this as there is a possibility of damaging the rollers and or being electrocuted ( the knife i used was all metal without a insulating handle ) . i was lucky to get it all out otherwise i would have had to replace the laminator ( like too many things these days that would have been cheaper than paying to fix it ) . if the entire sheet is in among the rollers you will need professional help to get it out . when i had part of a insulating sleeve partially caught in it i took off the upper heat shield over the rollers and ran it in reverse and used a very dull butter knife to dig pry it out . ideally i would not recommend this as there is a possibility of damaging the rollers and or being electrocuted ( the knife i used was all metal without a insulating handle ) . i was lucky to get it all out otherwise i would have had to replace the laminator ( like too many things these days that would have been cheaper ... » read more if the entire sheet is in among the rollers you will need professional help to get it out . when i had part of a insulating sleeve partially caught in it i took off the upper heat shield over the rollers and ran it in reverse and used a very dull butter knife to dig pry it out . ideally i would not recommend this as there is a possibility of damaging the rollers and or being electrocuted ( the knife i used was all metal without a insulating handle ) . i was lucky to get it all out otherwise i would have had to replace the laminator ( like too many things these days that would have been cheaper than paying to fix it ) . « show less
yes i have done 24 '' x 10 '
the lexmark x9575 printer is not compatible with windows 8.1
i just took a look at mine and it says 'made in china ' .
32 '' wide by 7.25 '' deep by 10 '' high if you include the uprights on the sides . it 's a great addition to my little desk ... adds a lot of usable space for supplies and i mounted a little fluorescent light under the shelf to help me with my paper work . i love the side slots to store files or a couple of books , etc .
i ordered these forms for the year 2014 and i was sent 2013
well , i was n't looking for much , just a handset that i could mount on the wall . it has served that purpose well . i looked around a bit and found the following description if its features `` emerson slimline phone- lighted ring indicator- big button keypad- 10 number memory- handset volume control- ringer on off switch- mute redial flash- buttons are on the handset- hearing aid compatible- desk or wall mountablesoem2116 ''
marcia , i have no real help for you , my phone is still working great . sorry
i purchased the phone for my brother in law with parkinson 's plus . unfortunately , he was unable to use it successfully in the nursing home and it was removed from his room . i really do n't know anything about it 's workings and that was 2 years ago.he has since passed .
2000
it sucks . it stopped working properly within a few months after buying .
2023
they are markers ... but i would not recommend this set . there were too many that were almost completely dried out . i am very disappointed in this purchase ! i bought tombow brushes before and love them ... my suggestion not to buy these particular ones was based on almost 1 3 of them were almost dried out upon arrival . thank you to another of you who recommends wetting the tip on the ones that appear dried out .
i had same question and answer is `` yes , '' per panasonic 's product page : http : www2.panasonic.com consumer-electronics shop phones-fax telephones dect-6-0-phones model.kx-tg9344t_11002_7000000000000005702
hold the stapler upside down and lift the black part and slide it open .
the computer stand with casters on is 14 '' high it is 17 '' long 13 '' wide it is easy to assemble and is of sturdy plastic i really like mine i can put it under my desk or roll it where i need it to be
we use polyester paper from xerox too . i have not had that issue during printing , only before and after . the xerox paper does come with instructions on use and storage on their insert . i know weather humidity can be an issue . form pp-3 is the one that came with my paper , both front and back have instructions . you may want to contact xerox .
no , there are only two columns separated by a red vertical line .
yes you can add sheets . i 'm not sure how many but you definitely can add some .
yes , it would easily fit
it 's well made but i have no idea where it 's made . i discarded the packing a while back .
item worked fine . no longer have item , misplaced during move .
both shelves are 18 1 2 x 17 with 4 3 4 '' between the two . hope this helps , it is a nice little stand .
it will , with a wonderful point .
i 've been using this brand of pen for years - cap on , cap off , works perfectly - never had a problem . only thing i 've noticed when leaving the cap off is you 'll probably pick up a little dust dirt on the tip . but overall , best i 've used .
these standard height chairs will not go this high . you would need an extended height cylinder . backstore
i have been using this and other such toners for my canon from or through amazon with 100 % satisfactory results -- no difference in any way ( to me ) from cannon originals . emptys , i would assume , results from a manufacturer 's error . send them back and get replacements , or call amazon customer service -- i have found them accessible and responsive .
product dimensions : 20.9 x 30.1 x 30.2 inches ; 112 pounds
if you mean quadratic function , yes . it will solve polynomials up to and including the sixth degree , both real and complex roots . it does not have natural display , but it is easy to use .
hi , we do not engrave . engraving voids our return policy . best regards
did you ever resolve this issue ? i have the same issue .
nope , sorry
i just looked up the lexmark website and it says that it does work w mac . 10.3.9 , 10.4.4 and 10.5x intel , powerpc . i do n't know how well it works , but i want one !
do n't know , however have a x4650 printer and the 36xl and the 37xl work fine .
yes . it 's the one in the photo . you have to fill it with the dropper which was a new concept for me . it also comes with a ball point 'nib ' if you do n't like fountain pen nibs . it 's really a pretty fair pen ; it will practically write in the air . it has a tendency to drip . it was worse at first so i do n't know if it 's the pen or if i had to get used to writing with it . also , the cap on mine eventually cracked . it 's plastic after all . i 'm bummed because it had become one of my favorite pens and it holds gallons of ink .
my power button collapsed too . i pulled it back out with tweezers and now never turn it off ! not the best fix for saving electricity , but it 's about all i can do . if i turn it off each night , it 's a bear-cat to get it popped back out again . good luck !
hi mary , i do n't know the answer as we always work with 4 pieces of a bulletin . we love this stapler though.it has been a godsend for us .
yes i use it for my 55 '' tv and soundbar and it could probably hold more . very sturdy and well made .
no more business card size
the 12 international languages on nyrius lt12 language digital talking translator are english , french , german , spanish , italian , turkish , dutch , russian , portuguese , japanese , mandarin chinese , and swedish . i have only only used the english and mandarin chinese combination .
the finished width is 46 3 4 inch x 11 3 4 deep x 24 inch high
yes . the two end pieces are joined together by the rounded corner piece , but the two rectangular pieces are sturdy enough to be used as two separate desks .
no , it 's not foldable . once you put it together , you 'd have to take it apart to make it take up less room . this is made for commercial kitchens , for use as a bus cart , moveable storage , etc .
we used this to seal up a puzzle that we framed and it worked very well . not sure how it will work with blocks , but i would suggest you give it a try . i do n't see how it could hurt anything- if anything- it would just help to to seal up your blocks even more .
it uses standard cartridges . also comes with ink puller to use a jar of ink .
it should easily support that weight given it requires 4 sq inches of tape for each pound of weight . i would buy the tape in a larger volume quantity to reduce cost .
my wall is a matte finish so it works great but i could see how a more textured wall might not stick as well ... .. not sure ... .. sorry
product of china , warranty ends nov. 2014 , hewlett-packard company , 3000 hanover st. palo alto usa 94304 , copyright 2012. web link : www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies .
i 'm using the 2050 or j510a hp desk jet . you can log on to hp tech support online and get the recommended cartridge # 's for all the machines . referencing their operators manuals for your f2480 would be best answered by hp . and you can see how much you 're saving with amazon !
i would not be too surprised that it ran out if you were doing photos of that size . i usually get the 901xl tri-color cartridge which will last a lot longer . i got the regular 901 because i was not going to be doing very much color work .
a wonderful copier scanner and printer , have it connected to computer and works great . the ink cartridge that comes with it wo n't last long so be prepared to buy an additional one !
do n't know , but had my printer for 3 years and i have to change the drum for the first time and only changed my cartridges 3x 's . excellent printer ...
yes , both drawers have racks and they hold a good number of folders . this file cabinet is quite a bargain .
i had them put three lines on mine . it looks and works great .
12 '' x 8 '' approx . it 's large .
do n't even consider this printer , it has bad quality prints and failed in the first year with little usage . we replaced it with an epson workforce printer that prints better pic 's than this one could ever print . support is horrible on this printer the epson workforce printers are windows 7 , xp , 8 compatible .
i want to upload a photo of the specs , which include the dimensions and everything . but i do n't see where to upload a photo . the dimensions when open unfolded are 3 8 x 3-19 32 x 4-11 32. when folded , 17 32 x 3-19 32 x 2-3 16 .
yes . it wo n't be water proof , but if you are just sealing it , this stuff will work . if you need water proof , look for a water proof varnish .
the alene 's leather and suede glue worked well for me in a similar application ...
absolutely ! we have 4 stacks of cups in the top bin . 16 oz . plastic cup , 8 oz plastic cup and 2 tiers of 8 oz coffee cups . we also have the lids for these cups on this shelf . we have 5 different sugars and the stirrers in the middle bin and creamers coffee sleeves in the bottom bin .
it will definitely hold 5x8 cards , i only have 4x6 cards in mine but i got the larger size because i have a little notebook that i keep in the extra space on the side .
hp wants to sell a lot of cartridges , so when the printer `` thinks '' the black cartridge might be getting low , even though it may be an extra large one with plenty of ink left , it switches to color . then , when you want color , it 's all gone . i junked my hp printer and bought a lexmark .
the months are pre-printed on the calendar but they are small enough that they could easily be crossed out and another month written in beside it .
about 100 , maybe a little more .
the answer unfortunately is `` it depends '' . i have three sheaffers and this converter only works in one of them . look at the plastic barrel not the nib . if the center of the barrel has smaller hole at the end of cartridge pocket then it may work . if you are unsure , a cheaper alternative might be to try a standard international cartridge converter . same size and shape but available for less money .
blue ink .
i have a monitor on top of mine and would place my epson workforce 845 all in one on top of this unit as well . i believe that it would hold 30 lbs. , as it is made to interlock as a unit .
i do n't know . i use only black refills .
i retired in april 2013 , about a year after i purchased this for the cpa firm where i was a staff accountant and it manager . we encountered no difficulty with mixed sizes . we were not concerned with color because what we were doing was scanning client documents to our server in order to lessen the amount of paper copies of returns and documents we kept in storage . for our purposes , this has been a fine machine .
it is portable , however there is not a lot of clearance . if you go over any carpet tile transitions when moving it , it gets hung up a little . it is a pretty stout unit , but does move fairly easily . hope this is helpful .
i suppose . not with scissors . it has a frame too . so prob with saw or a similar tool . not sure .
yes , i believe it could . you 'd just cover the weak adhesive with this , then let it dry .
having the same machine , i have never had a problem . check that the cartridge is not defective and that you have correctly inserted it in the right slot .
the hp7520 needs a `` special '' black photo cartridge to print photos because using everyday ink will not be enough to print as many as 1 photo before drying up . especially when printing 8.5 in x 11 or a few 4x6 on a single glossy paper before having to go out and replace the everyday ink .
no it would say photo and it 's a red box .
yep
there 's a few pinks , sepia tones & yellows - not real strong on true flesh colors . nothing called `` flesh '' - but they are very mixable & blend-able . i 've used them more in my figurative works for highlights & shadows . you can paint a face pink , wet it , then blend with water & a brush , then add in the highlights & shadows in various shades & colors . there 's only one real way to find out for sure if you like them . they can also be used with regular watercolors but i think the pencils are easiest & versatile because they can be used dry or wet . when you get to a place in your drawing or painting that you know you want to keep , you can spray it with a clear acrylic matte sealer to `` fix '' it , then work more on top of it . the only pencil that i found that would work on top of the spray . for me they are a very good value . try it & have fun ! - sea there 's a few pinks , sepia tones & yellows - not real strong on true flesh colors . nothing called `` flesh '' - but they are very mixable & blend-able . i 've used them more in my figurative works for highlights & shadows . you can paint a face pink , wet it , then blend with water & a brush , then add in the highlights & shadows in various shades & colors . there 's only one real way to find out for sure if you like them . they can also be used with regular watercolors but i think the pencils are easiest & versatile because they can be used dry or wet . when you get to a place in your drawing ... » read more there 's a few pinks , sepia tones & yellows - not real strong on true flesh colors . nothing called `` flesh '' - but they are very mixable & blend-able . i 've used them more in my figurative works for highlights & shadows . you can paint a face pink , wet it , then blend with water & a brush , then add in the highlights & shadows in various shades & colors . there 's only one real way to find out for sure if you like them . they can also be used with regular watercolors but i think the pencils are easiest & versatile because they can be used dry or wet . when you get to a place in your drawing or painting that you know you want to keep , you can spray it with a clear acrylic matte sealer to `` fix '' it , then work more on top of it . the only pencil that i found that would work on top of the spray . for me they are a very good value . try it & have fun ! - sea « show less
generating bar codes depends on your software . currently we are using the same printer for printing our fedex shipping labels without any problem .
very little assembly but well worth it . it is a beautiful ; well made chair ... ... .love it .
120v 50-60hz 0.5a .
hi , candy -- it 's been quite a while since i bought these , but i remember putting just one postcard in each sleeve ; i think that 's how they 're designed to be used . by the way , ultrapro makes the best sleeves , for postcards and gaming cards ( magic , etc . ) ; my son has been buying them for years , which is what made me buy these . hope that helps !
it 's a great dispenser , but it does not come with tape .
jane : yes , it will . if you use the parallel port , the printer accepts jobs on lpt1 ( or whichever lpt port you have configured ) . if you have a usb connection , you can still send jobs to lpt1 using the command ( in command window ) : net use lpt1 : computername sharename persistent : yes.hope this helps .
it does have empty slots .
you ca n't really take the book apart after it is bound . we have had to use wire cutters to get the binding off . you can however salvage the papers though with this approach .
between my 6 's and 7 's is a wider space than between the other numbers ... position it in the middle and it will give you a blank if you do not want to use a dash .
yes , you can . 4-line display allows scrolling and editing of inputs . includes trigonometry and logarithm functions , 1- and 2-variable statistics , random number generator , combinations and permutations , square root , factorial and more . it also has 5 memories .
overall dimensions 15in deep ( front to back ) , with my tower in place about 10in wide and a tower rise from the floor of 5in . my tower measures 18in deep , 7 3 4 wide , and 17in tall . hope that helps . note : width is adjustable depending on the tower you have . hope this helped .
no
ummm , it will be tight fit . i recommend using a standard sized keyboard . not the ones with the big palm rests and macro controls .
yes . and they are a very nice thickness for staying firm and flat rather than curling on the edges .
they are blank labels , you can do whatever you want . you provide the software .
i am not for sure but i think there is or should be at lest 1000 lables per roll
hi mike , i use them in a zebra lp2844 and they work great in it - i do n't know about the gx420d , sorry .
the grid clips that work best are the twist clips . they come in a package of 10 .
no there is no lid , however , when you retract the chalk it goes far enough into the holder that no chalk touches your belongings . i forgot mine in my bag for several days and nothing in my bag was marked .
the largest i 've done so far is 8 x 11 , standard paper size . should handle anything up to the size of the screen , i 'd think .
that is the l to r measurement , with a depth of 13+ inches .
0.5mm
probably . total of 6 slots , each about 2 inches in depth . i have a sonicare and i think it would fit in the slots .
this is not a wireless printer .
yes
yes , you can use the sharpie pen to do this ( not the ones with a felt-like tip , unless you want to ) , and it 's a big piece of wood . these are available in push button fine point model which would certainly work , if ( and here 's the big if ) everyone has a small size signature , or , it 's a small wedding . either of these pens would work providing the wood is unfinished , and no one tries to correct their writing , as these are both very permanent
yes , it does .
i do n't see why not . the badge i use it with is shield shaped .
as i thought , epson provides software that will assist with this . i pulled this from the online manual : '' you can scan a 2-sided document using the adf . first you scan the odd-numbered pages , then you turn the document over and scan the even-numbered pages . then you can use the editing page window to automatically sort the pages . `` great scanner . about 10 times faster than one of those `` all in one '' units that i 've tried .
this is a desk for standing up . no chair ! i do n't think this is what you are looking for .
the kit comes with three ink cartridges , and 108 sheets of paper . when one cartridge is empty it will tell you , and stop printing before a picture is started . once you change the ink it will continue . when you have printed all 108 sheets you are done . the ink comes on a roll of film . not in an ink cartridge . from the price i pay for a kit it works out to about .03 per photo . the prints are = to what you would get at any pharmacy at .10 to.15 per photo .
yes , it has poe along with a direct plug in option .
7 1 4 x 9 1 2 closed . and 15 inches when open . it camers with a blank calendar that you fill in year and months which is handy when your getting it after the year has already started .
yes . it comes with two center holders so you have some flexibility .
it calls a list of several phone numbers you program in . works with cell phones , yes . one you answe it places a message you record . only 15 or 20 seconds work though . wish it were longer , but enought to get the idea something is wrong .
50
yes it does .
i had n't depleted the original set of ink cartridges . no warranty coverage .
i have a brother model mfc-j270w and i 've had no trouble , unless it sits for long periods , then you will need to do a manual ink `` clean '' on the printer menu ... ... ... ... . gdw
absolutely
they are small ... maybe an inch and a half long ( dispenser ) ... .but i found that the dispenser kept popping apart , and i had to wrestle to get it to actually cut the tape , but then found it tore my finger plenty easily ... grrrrr ... .wound up tossing the lot .
it come in the size of the shelf as it is one piece .
the opening under the tray is 14 '' wide . at the lowest setting , the opening it is 2 '' high . my keyboard is 19 '' wide , so it would n't go underneath , but mine is wider than average . if yours is under 14 '' wide , then it should fit .
no , it is too large for that
when i purchased it , it came with nothing in it : ( that was the point of purchasing it .
this bag requires the key to be locked or unlocked . i currently do not have a bag in my possesion that does not require a key .
it 's pretty easy . first of all , there is a setting that will combine multiple 'pages ' , so you set that . then , let the scanner scan until it stops , and without moving the receipt , you press the scan button again , and it will continue .
fitted perfectly in my canon pixma 250 .
the cannon pg-210 or 210 xl work for this printer .
my canon printer ( pixma mx870 ) will only print if the all ink cartridges contain ink . i do not know if all the canon pixma printers operate this way . i print many photos so i like the combination ink packages because it is a better buy .
it is more used
being a bit of a neat freak and germaphobe , i use clorox wipes on everything . so i would use a damp soap cloth to clean it then a twice over with a clorox wipe . clean & sanitary !
hi el , here 's the dimensions of the stand : overall width : 12 '' overall height : 18 '' overall depth : 12 '' capacity ( weight ) : 60 lbs.thanks , pcrush
it has been several yrs . since i purchased this pen . to the best of my knowledge it did come in its own box , ( with instructions ) . a decent fountain pen usually comes in its own box ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
the size that came with the sign . i believe they are 4 or 4-1 4 `` styrene letters
you need an ocr program to do that , it`s not a scanner issue , it`s a software you need to use
your slides should fit . i converted about 600 slides from the 50 's and 60 's and the converter did a good job .
it was 4 , so enough for 1 chair with 4 legs .
sorry , i have no idea . i do n't have a manual . you could probably search for the manual online and find out that answer ... this is however , my favorite all-time printer . thanks for asking .
you may have already gotten your answer , but yet . this printer can scan directly to a memory card.i 've had mine for about 2 months now and i absolutely love it . it 's currently on sale at a major discount warehouse for $ 179.00 .
sorry , i do n't know . i used it with a pc . check the canon site though and look for appropriate driver .
suggest your local trophy shop or jeweler . i do n't recall engraving being an option through amazon for this item .
yes it 's not heavy at all but it is big and very sturdy . i pack it all the time
the one i got is not small & holds 5-6 bags of groceries . i have even put a 24 pack of water with my groceries & it held it all .
yes , i 've used it for 15+ years
yes they do .
plastic . heavy duty plastic but no metal at all
it 's plastic but is very sturdy . it 's the best sharpener be ever had .
they do not seal .
yes . you have to attach the tray when you get the board . i think you can have it right or left .
yes it will .
it takes 2 aaa batteries . it is not rechargeable i like it very much . just wish the light would not time out so fast .
it does have the trademark and also the expiration date . it is exactly the same package i purchase in store but at a much better price .
yes and it worked just fine . it all came as a true epson with all yellow stickers on the jet area as it should .
yes it does .
yes
if you are purchasing a new one , i would think so , however , i am not sure . you better check with the vendor . i will add my two cents as to the printer and cartridges . the printer is a great printer ; it is fast , prints high quality color copies and we 've had our printer for years without any problems ( knock on wood ) and it is a shared printer in an office of 8 people . the only drawback is the outrageous cost of the cartridges . had we known how costly they are , we probably would not have purchased the printer . we should have researched that and included in our pros and cons printer comparison , but did not . anyway , i would give the printer 5 stars if you can afford the expensive cartridges . if you are purchasing a new one , i would think so , however , i am not sure . you better check with the vendor . i will add my two cents as to the printer and cartridges . the printer is a great printer ; it is fast , prints high quality color copies and we 've had our printer for years without any problems ( knock on wood ) and it is a shared printer in an office of 8 people . the only drawback is the outrageous cost of the cartridges . had we known how costly they are , we probably would not have purchased the printer . we should have researched that and included in our pros and cons printer ... » read more if you are purchasing a new one , i would think so , however , i am not sure . you better check with the vendor . i will add my two cents as to the printer and cartridges . the printer is a great printer ; it is fast , prints high quality color copies and we 've had our printer for years without any problems ( knock on wood ) and it is a shared printer in an office of 8 people . the only drawback is the outrageous cost of the cartridges . had we known how costly they are , we probably would not have purchased the printer . we should have researched that and included in our pros and cons printer comparison , but did not . anyway , i would give the printer 5 stars if you can afford the expensive cartridges . « show less
i bought it in early september . i do n't know if it 's the new one . it 's the one shown here .
the frame is included in the dimensions . the frame is 1.5 inches wide .
no , although you could add hooks on the side you want . they just have a small screw holding the hooks . mine is portrait . the hooks are easy to find .
most definitely . i 'm left handed .
it probably depends on where you live . some places take just about anything made of plastic . while other areas , like ours , only recycle common stuff like soda bottles and milk jugs . probably have to ask your pickup or local recycle center to know for sure . it 's not marked with any recycle numbers , if that 's what you 're asking .
no it did not
i do n't see why not . the stand has a 'lip ' at the front , to keep the laptop from sliding off , but the sides and back are flat , so there is really no size restriction . i 'm using it with a 15-inch lenovo . the sides of my laptop extend about an inch over the edges on each side , and the back does n't extend at all .
no ... it is not hearing aid compatable ... a list of features : product manual ( s ) panasonic kx-tg9391 operating instructions ( pdf ) download adobe® reader® to view pdfs . product specification # of lines 2 frequency 1.9 ghz service option caller id voicemail indicator yes speakerphone yes display yes answering machine system yes # of handsets up to 6 # of stored names up to 50 auto attendant no colors black conferencing yes data port no headset jack yes hearing aid compatible no wall mountable yes warranty 1 year multi-language english and spanish manufactured by panasonic ( see more > > ) mfr . part number kx-tg9391t no ... it is not hearing aid compatable ... a list of features : product manual ( s ) panasonic kx-tg9391 operating instructions ( pdf ) download adobe® reader® to view pdfs . product specification # of lines 2 frequency 1.9 ghz service option caller id voicemail indicator yes speakerphone yes display yes answering machine system yes # of handsets up to 6 # of stored names up to 50 auto attendant no colors black conferencing yes data port no headset jack yes hearing aid compatible no ... » read more no ... it is not hearing aid compatable ... a list of features : product manual ( s ) panasonic kx-tg9391 operating instructions ( pdf ) download adobe® reader® to view pdfs . product specification # of lines 2 frequency 1.9 ghz service option caller id voicemail indicator yes speakerphone yes display yes answering machine system yes # of handsets up to 6 # of stored names up to 50 auto attendant no colors black conferencing yes data port no headset jack yes hearing aid compatible no wall mountable yes warranty 1 year multi-language english and spanish manufactured by panasonic ( see more > > ) mfr . part number kx-tg9391t « show less
hi there i just re packed this machine and returned it to the manufacturer . iits have had it for less than 3 months and it does not work . the manufacturer says it will repair not replace and i had to pay for the shipping back to oregon where the repair center is . i do not have any idea how long it will take to fix not did the offer to give me a time frame . my best advice is to not but this machine . i know this was not what you asked and i can not respond to that since i just shipped the machine back , but regardless whether it does take bolivares do not spend you money on this trash .
it is really awful ! i try to make several labels at a time - like a long ribbon of labels i will separate before with scissors . this way , the printer cuts only one piece of blank paper .
honestly , i have n't try to refill the . they are so cheap that i rather just buy new ones . they are good quality , or i have been lucky . who knows ?
i have a 13 inch macbook pro late 2008 , and i used this for that . it worked just fine . i do n't think the size should have an effect on it .
i bought mine back in oct. 2013 , it 's been working great for 7 months now . i used to buy the original brother toner which was almost $ 100.00 , this one is a 'brother tn350 compatible toner cartridge ' , i take it as a generic brand but is compatible to brother tn350 . before you install the cartridge , make sure you shake it several times , shake it left and right plus up and down . these toner cartridges use dry powder ink , it may settle to one side during the shipping . good luck !
i actually never noticed that . it is only one pen . i do n't know why they say pack of 12 .
mine was fine . probably safe to reorder
the cross mini ballpoint refill is 2 5 8 inches long . i have not tried this refill in a livescribe pen .
the back of the calendar is white and the lines are barely visible on the reverse side .
yes ! note that these are letter length , not legal length .
the coiled cord snaps into the handset and the phone base .
if the in inch side is horizontal the flap is at the top
all the phones have ringers and can be turned on off via a menu selection on their display .
it does have that feature , but it will not work properly if the batteries are not maintained .
yes you can as long as it 's a thin grocery bag . thick bags will prevent the door to securely close and therefore the shredder not working .
well , yes before you laminate them they are . they are a smooth plastic . they also have a lot of static before you laminate them so it 's hard to get the paper in just right , but you are going to get that with any laminating pouch . ( believe me , i 've tried them all , i order these for work and we go through tons of them . ) i have bought cheap pouches before from other places and these are good ones . when they say 5 mil they are actually 5 mil . ( i 've had them not be from other places ) and they laminate well . they 're nice and clear . no yellow-ish tint . this is the best price i have found for good laminating sheets . i hope that helps ! well , yes before you laminate them they are . they are a smooth plastic . they also have a lot of static before you laminate them so it 's hard to get the paper in just right , but you are going to get that with any laminating pouch . ( believe me , i 've tried them all , i order these for work and we go through tons of them . ) i have bought cheap pouches before from other places and these are good ones . when they say 5 mil they are actually 5 mil . ( i 've had them not be from other places ) and they laminate well . they 're nice and clear . no yellow-ish tint . this is the best price i have found for good ... » read more well , yes before you laminate them they are . they are a smooth plastic . they also have a lot of static before you laminate them so it 's hard to get the paper in just right , but you are going to get that with any laminating pouch . ( believe me , i 've tried them all , i order these for work and we go through tons of them . ) i have bought cheap pouches before from other places and these are good ones . when they say 5 mil they are actually 5 mil . ( i 've had them not be from other places ) and they laminate well . they 're nice and clear . no yellow-ish tint . this is the best price i have found for good laminating sheets . i hope that helps ! « show less
it really depends how 'thick ' each file is . i have about 40 hanging files ; some with a lot in them , some with just a few sheets . if all files are thin , you could probably get 50 hanging files in .
this keyboard tray is too big for your purposes i would think . it is 30 '' wide with a 10 '' deep tray .
i actuali places felt stickers under them and they glide nicely and quietly without running away from you
i drilled a hole straight through the top ( there is a small indent on the top of these so figured that was as good a place as any ) and squirted in about 5ml of ink . put it back in the printer and unfortunately it still showed empty ink cartridge , so it must be using it 's hp technology that we need a special device to reset the cartridge to be full again . however i did n't leave it in the printer long enough to test it to see if the ink would come out on the page or not , so still wondering how to properly refill these.i wish i had cut the top off with my dremel tool i thought about this , but not until after i had already thrown away the old cartridge . this new cartridge is one of the xl cartridges so i will surely cut the top off if nobody has come up with instructions by then to see how to refill it if it 's even possible which i hope it is , else we 've pretty much throwin away thousands of dollars buying the whole office filled with these printers , but we wanted to switch them all over to the xl cartridges and then refill those since they should hold at least 2x the ink quantity based just on their size alone . so once the first xl cartridge dries up on one of these printers , i 'll cut the top off and have a look inside . i drilled a hole straight through the top ( there is a small indent on the top of these so figured that was as good a place as any ) and squirted in about 5ml of ink . put it back in the printer and unfortunately it still showed empty ink cartridge , so it must be using it 's hp technology that we need a special device to reset the cartridge to be full again . however i did n't leave it in the printer long enough to test it to see if the ink would come out on the page or not , so still wondering how to properly refill these.i wish i had cut the top off with my dremel tool i thought ... » read more i drilled a hole straight through the top ( there is a small indent on the top of these so figured that was as good a place as any ) and squirted in about 5ml of ink . put it back in the printer and unfortunately it still showed empty ink cartridge , so it must be using it 's hp technology that we need a special device to reset the cartridge to be full again . however i did n't leave it in the printer long enough to test it to see if the ink would come out on the page or not , so still wondering how to properly refill these.i wish i had cut the top off with my dremel tool i thought about this , but not until after i had already thrown away the old cartridge . this new cartridge is one of the xl cartridges so i will surely cut the top off if nobody has come up with instructions by then to see how to refill it if it 's even possible which i hope it is , else we 've pretty much throwin away thousands of dollars buying the whole office filled with these printers , but we wanted to switch them all over to the xl cartridges and then refill those since they should hold at least 2x the ink quantity based just on their size alone . so once the first xl cartridge dries up on one of these printers , i 'll cut the top off and have a look inside . « show less
no , it came from sophiaglobal . it was an original and performs beautifully
yes
i 'd bet on it !
no
hmmmm ... ticking sound ? any enemies stopped over lately ? actually , switch the battery from one of your other phones to to this one to see if this phone starts to work . if it fixes the problem , then your batteries are dying out and should be replaced . otherwise , some liquid got into the phone and fried the circuits .
i cant tell you the size until i see my handset . it does come with a preinstalled battery . i have had it for 5 years now of rough daily use and had n't had the need to replace it
have n't tried , but i do n't think so .
boy , i do n't know . been awhile since we had this phone , so i ca n't answer that , sorry !
yes .
contact ( on-line ) the panasonic help agent , or take it to the point-of-sale at which you purchased the panasonic kx-tga 106 m. also , lots of help available from multiple sources on the internet .
the pages are blank so you can do with them as you want . there are 12 pages ( 24 if you count front and back ) .
no , sorry..push pins , nails , hammer , staple gun !
i use mine for blocking lace and they do not rust .
10 ''
this printer uses separate 940 or 940xl black , yellow , magenta and cyan ink cartridges .
the cards are loaded from the inside . it 's a very nice card holder .
i do n't know since i 've not used it for that purpose , but it is light and i believe if you spray onto the snakeskin then attach to the shoe you will make out better . it claims no bleed through or discoloration and i 've not experienced any . just do n't hold the can real close to whatever you are spraying ( same concept as when spray painting ) so you get a better , lighter coverage . remember it is quick to adhere so have everything together . good luck .
79 1 2 inches . it fits through all the doorways and it even fits onto our elevator .
no , it can not ( at least i have n't figured out how to do it ) . but i do want to say , i remain impressed with it 's sturdiness after several months .
call technical support . they have been absolutely wonderful with me on every occasion ! and , the only other thing i would suggest is with the new cartridge of black in place , disconnect your printer from the electrical outlet and shut down your computer . then , restart your computer and restart your printer to see if that makes a difference . otherwise , call km . they are wonderful ! and , these printers are wonderful although a bit `` sensitive . ''
yes - konica minolta provides compatible printer drivers for the magicolor 1690mf for every version of os x up through 10.8 mountain lion ( http : www.konicaminolta.eu en business-solutions support download-center.html ) , and in upcoming weeks support for os x mavericks 10.9 will be added ( http : www.konicaminolta.eu en business-solutions support new-os-compatibility mac-os-x-mavericks.html )
very easy ! once on it will build up dust from erasing .
no . it is a basic phone . no frills .
sorry dont know , you need to call the company
if they are like the ones i purchased . they were defective and would not work . i just lost my investment .
try this page for information : http : www.brother-usa.com mfc bw_monochrome_laser_multifunction duplex is available only with the 8000 series .
not sure to be honest , but i know that my printer would not recognize the color , but recognized the black .
you can rig it to scan any film using your own cardboard templates , but as it comes it only has a template for 35mm .
yes , if you set it up properly . it will take any size paper . i even print envelopes with mine ... greeting cards too . for my sister 's birthday i put one of her watercolors on the front of the card . it will let you know if it 's not set up right too . have fun ! it 's a great printer ! ( deb )
since it works well in the freezer , it should work well in the fridge . i 'm not sure about being heated in water . however , when i have forgotten to remove the tape before running through the dishwasher , the tape stayed put . the only thing i would point out is that when you apply the tape , the container must be clean , dry and at room temperature . also , i have only used this on plastic containers . i 'm not sure how it works on glass .
this is a very poor printer and i also am glad it is not in my house anymore
about the same as a snack table , maybe 13 ' x 20 ' , it hols a 21 ' laptop when my wife is working !
according to consumer report 's review , it does not have a headset jack .
it can blow your ears out if you turn it up enough . it also has a speaker phone mode that can be pretty loud .
no . they are only for a single line .
yes , each handset has its own set of rechargeable batteries .
actually not sure . i returned this phone b c it was dead on arrival and purchased a panasonic set instead .
here is a link to the instruction book : http : www.google.com url ? sa=t &rct; =j &q; = &e; src=s &source; =web &cd; =2 &ved; =0cfiqfjab &url; =http % 3a % 2f % 2fcdn-media-att.vtp-media.com % 2fecp % 2fdocuments % 2fproduct_product % 2f127 % 2fusermanual % 2f5981 % 2fcl82209_manual_usa_i6.pdf &ei; =o7uguv3dmqn92qx1zigycg &usg; =afqjcnecwn65j-gosfspcjrkcn01d_8b7a &sig2; =qchdr0rixkpoig4boxcheq &bvm; =bv.56643336 , d.b2iit opens as a .pdf . on pg . 20 ( .pdf pg . 25 ) , there are instructions for silencing the ringer when a call is coming in . it only stops the ringer on the handset you are holding for that one incoming call , but does not disconnect the call . it keeps ringing on the other handsets and the larger base . the next call that comes in after that will still ring on that handset . the larger telephone base also rings whether there is a phone on it or not . the smaller bases do not ring . the phone handsets all ring , and i see no way to turn of the ringer permanently - only for that one call coming in . the base ringer can be louder , softer , or silenced altogether ( pg . 40 instructions , pg 45 of the .pdf ) . i think being able to silence the handsets would be nice , especially if you want to keep the phone in the room but do n't want it to ring . if , for example , you want to sleep in a bedroom and there is a small base in that room , you can keep the small base , but you would have to put the actual phone in a place in the house where the ringer would not awaken you . i hope this helps . here is a link to the instruction book : http : www.google.com url ? sa=t &rct; =j &q; = &e; src=s &source; =web &cd; =2 &ved; =0cfiqfjab &url; =http % 3a % 2f % 2fcdn-media-att.vtp-media.com % 2fecp % 2fdocuments % 2fproduct_product % 2f127 % 2fusermanual % 2f5981 % 2fcl82209_manual_usa_i6.pdf &ei; =o7uguv3dmqn92qx1zigycg &usg; =afqjcnecwn65j-gosfspcjrkcn01d_8b7a &sig2; =qchdr0rixkpoig4boxcheq &bvm; =bv.56643336 , d.b2iit opens as a .pdf . on pg . 20 ( .pdf pg . 25 ) , there are instructions for silencing the ringer when a call is coming in . it only stops the ringer on the handset you are holding for that ... » read more here is a link to the instruction book : http : www.google.com url ? sa=t &rct; =j &q; = &e; src=s &source; =web &cd; =2 &ved; =0cfiqfjab &url; =http % 3a % 2f % 2fcdn-media-att.vtp-media.com % 2fecp % 2fdocuments % 2fproduct_product % 2f127 % 2fusermanual % 2f5981 % 2fcl82209_manual_usa_i6.pdf &ei; =o7uguv3dmqn92qx1zigycg &usg; =afqjcnecwn65j-gosfspcjrkcn01d_8b7a &sig2; =qchdr0rixkpoig4boxcheq &bvm; =bv.56643336 , d.b2iit opens as a .pdf . on pg . 20 ( .pdf pg . 25 ) , there are instructions for silencing the ringer when a call is coming in . it only stops the ringer on the handset you are holding for that one incoming call , but does not disconnect the call . it keeps ringing on the other handsets and the larger base . the next call that comes in after that will still ring on that handset . the larger telephone base also rings whether there is a phone on it or not . the smaller bases do not ring . the phone handsets all ring , and i see no way to turn of the ringer permanently - only for that one call coming in . the base ringer can be louder , softer , or silenced altogether ( pg . 40 instructions , pg 45 of the .pdf ) . i think being able to silence the handsets would be nice , especially if you want to keep the phone in the room but do n't want it to ring . if , for example , you want to sleep in a bedroom and there is a small base in that room , you can keep the small base , but you would have to put the actual phone in a place in the house where the ringer would not awaken you . i hope this helps . « show less
i would suggest placing the 4th receiver close to the base station and see if it gets a tone in that location . if it does , the problem is in the placement of the receiver . if it does n't you might check the battery charge . if the indicator is on fully charged , you may have a defective receiver and should contact the company .
yes you can .
yes it does require a battery for caller id .
yes . volume control for handset or speaker is on the face of the unit , volume control for the ringer is on the side .
yes it shows the words `` verified '' on the display and you hear the words `` thank you '' .
yes i only have mine plugged in and accidentally left it on over night .
not in my opinion , it it too heavy when lying in bed .
yes , absolutely , they are the exact same size , shape , etc.i am using it in my pelikan
just place the lead under the eraser on top after removing the eraser . once it is placed , click on the side button and the lead will come down . works great !
i am not entirely certain how long these cartridges last because , you are correct , it is dependent upon how much you write . this is also the first time i have used lamy cartridges . based on the fact that there are five to a box , if you use it every day , it could possibly last anywhere from 40 to 60 days per cartridge . i know that other cartridges for other pens i have used that is just about the amount of time they lasted .
yes
yes . just depress the tare button . it will then read zero . when you remove the empty bowl it shall read a negative weight . replace the bowl to get back to zero and when you add the silver grains you shall read a net weight which is the weight of the silver alone . bear in mind that silver is very dense like lead and gold almost , so you do not want to go over the gross capacity of the scale which would be the negative tare value combined with the positive net value for a total of 100.00 g on this model.now another thing to consider is wind and building movement . on a 1 100th g scale just be still for 3 seconds . on a 1 10,1000th g scale you must have an wind proof enclosure . be sure to turn off the boom box before you weigh.this is the best , most accurate , rugged scale of it 's type which i have ever owned . right now i 'm using it to trade $ 1000 usc quart printer ink every day . are you using troy ounces or aravopoulos ounces for your silver ? fickle $ 150 jeweler 's scales have built in calculators , carat converters , etc . yes . just depress the tare button . it will then read zero . when you remove the empty bowl it shall read a negative weight . replace the bowl to get back to zero and when you add the silver grains you shall read a net weight which is the weight of the silver alone . bear in mind that silver is very dense like lead and gold almost , so you do not want to go over the gross capacity of the scale which would be the negative tare value combined with the positive net value for a total of 100.00 g on this model.now another thing to consider is wind and building movement . on a 1 100th g scale ... » read more yes . just depress the tare button . it will then read zero . when you remove the empty bowl it shall read a negative weight . replace the bowl to get back to zero and when you add the silver grains you shall read a net weight which is the weight of the silver alone . bear in mind that silver is very dense like lead and gold almost , so you do not want to go over the gross capacity of the scale which would be the negative tare value combined with the positive net value for a total of 100.00 g on this model.now another thing to consider is wind and building movement . on a 1 100th g scale just be still for 3 seconds . on a 1 10,1000th g scale you must have an wind proof enclosure . be sure to turn off the boom box before you weigh.this is the best , most accurate , rugged scale of it 's type which i have ever owned . right now i 'm using it to trade $ 1000 usc quart printer ink every day . are you using troy ounces or aravopoulos ounces for your silver ? fickle $ 150 jeweler 's scales have built in calculators , carat converters , etc . « show less
absolutely , the siliconized fins squeeze the articles without deforming them and hold by friction across the entire hanging surface
i do n't think so . most scrolls stick out a little on either end .
i do n't see why not it 's a good sized desk unit for the money .
yes , its preaty big . i have 24 sitting on it and it still has pleanty of space .
press middle button and then press handset icon
terre , i have the calculator at work but i would have to say yes off the top of my head . the only way it would do that is if it has a physical slide for setting the number of decimal points . i do n't believe this has that . i can double check tomorrow when i 'm at work . and post another response if it does .
i have had two scanners , both mac the s510m and the newer s1500m . i called tech and described a line that had appeared on my scans . the tech said just clean wire and roller with cotton swab and isopropyl alcohol -- i did and it worked great !
no , i move freely on mine . there are no cracks . i feel it is performing as it should . hope this helps .
yes these are brand new genuine oem brother cartridges .
no rail . the bottom is flat .
the translator gives different meanings for some words depending on the country . some it identifies as mexican , others as south american , others as chile for example . i am very impressed with the device .
5 1 4 inches in length . 3 1 2 in width . the screen in 3 1 2 x 1 1 2 .
we are pretty sure that that dimension is 8 1 4 , and the 9.4 could be the dimension of the packaging ! where we have it placed we do n't have a lot of room , so the smaller is right .
excellent ! that 's what i use it for . i just sharpened an entire set , over 140 pencils and no breakage .
you can use an ethernet cable at the setup , too . make sure to check the settings for your network , so you can enter the ones you 'll need in setting up the printer . use the quick way of setting up , if you can . at minimum , you 'll need your network 's name ( it should show up at the stage when you are meant to enter it ) , your password and a few other things , but by and large ( on a mac , at least ) , configuring the printer for wireless is pretty straightforward . and if there is a problem , return the printer to factory settings , check your network 's settings and try again .
has both , but why would n't you use usb , will improve performance .
clearly manufacturers pr department are asleep , lol ! i 'll attempt to answer . re . scanning photos : this is a document scanner . put simply , it is designed to scan flat pieces of printed paper into the pdf document image format . if you wish , also doing ocr-ing of the text by either using the `` abbyy finereader for scansnap '' software 'as-you-scan ' , or later ocr-ing after the scanning process by using the included `` acrobat 9 pro '' software which can do a batch of docs very quickly in several chosen languages ; around 42 actually ! all scansnap machines can also scan into jpg format ( pdf & jpg are the only options ) , so it is possible as photos are also flat , though it both gives only average results and can leave minor roller marks on the surface of the original photos from the doc feeder function on any of these scansnap 's ( same on probably any of the consumer prosumer priced dedicated doc scanners actually ) . the jpg function , as far as i understand it , is really intended to be useful for scanning magazine cutouts and similar more glossy items , rather than photos themselves . photos photographic paper is a slightly different proposition for a scanner compared to magazine type paper . now if you are not overly fussy , this may be acceptable to you for a quick method , accepting the caveats above , but you should n't expect the same result you 'd obtain from using a flatbed scanner . so unfortunately one really needs a dedicated photo scanner of some kind , that can scan them both quickly and into high quality too ( usually using png , tiff , or even raw formats , or similar ; as jpg is not as good a format for this type of thing , being more web-image focused ) . if you still are gon na get one of these , you should ideally , cost permitting , get one of the s1500 s1500m machines . as they have the better ccd sensor , whereas the s1300 s1100 's have the lesser cis type . see useful links : http : www.carlmcmillan.com dof depthoffield.htm http : www.discogs.com groups topic 333741 re . worksheets : if they are typed rather than handwritten , then absolutely no problems ; same process as any documents scanned . handwritten things can still be scanned , but may be ignored or not get ocr 'd correctly by either abbyy or acrobat , as handwriting is clearly a very difficult thing to achieve for a machine , given we all have massive variances between us . more precisely , if you are scanning a typed doc with some handwritten note on it , the ocr-ing software will get the typed sections , but probably ignore the handwritten parts which will remain as image only on the doc , so can still be manually human read , just wo n't be machine searchable on computers . acrobat software has the function of adding background search words underneath those written parts , which you can later manually add yourself after first scanning and auto-ocring the doc . so unfortunately we still need dedicated machines ... - documents : auto-feed document scanners ( such as scansnap 's ) . - photos negatives : high res . flatbed scanners ( dunno if prosumer autofeed options even exist , nor how quickly the best non-autofeed ones can work ? ) . - whole books whole magazines vinyl record sleeves larger than a3 : nothing prosumer exists unfortunately , afaik these are top-end very expensive units ! hope this all is detailed enough to help . ; - ) clearly manufacturers pr department are asleep , lol ! i 'll attempt to answer . re . scanning photos : this is a document scanner . put simply , it is designed to scan flat pieces of printed paper into the pdf document image format . if you wish , also doing ocr-ing of the text by either using the `` abbyy finereader for scansnap '' software 'as-you-scan ' , or later ocr-ing after the scanning process by using the included `` acrobat 9 pro '' software which can do a batch of docs very quickly in several chosen languages ; around 42 actually ! all scansnap ... » read more clearly manufacturers pr department are asleep , lol ! i 'll attempt to answer . re . scanning photos : this is a document scanner . put simply , it is designed to scan flat pieces of printed paper into the pdf document image format . if you wish , also doing ocr-ing of the text by either using the `` abbyy finereader for scansnap '' software 'as-you-scan ' , or later ocr-ing after the scanning process by using the included `` acrobat 9 pro '' software which can do a batch of docs very quickly in several chosen languages ; around 42 actually ! all scansnap machines can also scan into jpg format ( pdf & jpg are the only options ) , so it is possible as photos are also flat , though it both gives only average results and can leave minor roller marks on the surface of the original photos from the doc feeder function on any of these scansnap 's ( same on probably any of the consumer prosumer priced dedicated doc scanners actually ) . the jpg function , as far as i understand it , is really intended to be useful for scanning magazine cutouts and similar more glossy items , rather than photos themselves . photos photographic paper is a slightly different proposition for a scanner compared to magazine type paper . now if you are not overly fussy , this may be acceptable to you for a quick method , accepting the caveats above , but you should n't expect the same result you 'd obtain from using a flatbed scanner . so unfortunately one really needs a dedicated photo scanner of some kind , that can scan them both quickly and into high quality too ( usually using png , tiff , or even raw formats , or similar ; as jpg is not as good a format for this type of thing , being more web-image focused ) . if you still are gon na get one of these , you should ideally , cost permitting , get one of the s1500 s1500m machines . as they have the better ccd sensor , whereas the s1300 s1100 's have the lesser cis type . see useful links : http : www.carlmcmillan.com dof depthoffield.htm http : www.discogs.com groups topic 333741 re . worksheets : if they are typed rather than handwritten , then absolutely no problems ; same process as any documents scanned . handwritten things can still be scanned , but may be ignored or not get ocr 'd correctly by either abbyy or acrobat , as handwriting is clearly a very difficult thing to achieve for a machine , given we all have massive variances between us . more precisely , if you are scanning a typed doc with some handwritten note on it , the ocr-ing software will get the typed sections , but probably ignore the handwritten parts which will remain as image only on the doc , so can still be manually human read , just wo n't be machine searchable on computers . acrobat software has the function of adding background search words underneath those written parts , which you can later manually add yourself after first scanning and auto-ocring the doc . so unfortunately we still need dedicated machines ... - documents : auto-feed document scanners ( such as scansnap 's ) . - photos negatives : high res . flatbed scanners ( dunno if prosumer autofeed options even exist , nor how quickly the best non-autofeed ones can work ? ) . - whole books whole magazines vinyl record sleeves larger than a3 : nothing prosumer exists unfortunately , afaik these are top-end very expensive units ! hope this all is detailed enough to help . ; - ) « show less
i really do n't know the page count , but have had this machine for several years - it 's great . i 've never had to get it serviced . i also use it a great bit to scan pdf 's to my laptop . i 'd recommend it .
according to the documentation : 150 lbs .
i did , but the problem the label has it does not print where the label is . it prints off , i could not get them to print on the printer . what i did was to print a sheet then copy on to the labels on a copy machine
the $ 430.89 unit ( asin b0021aerwy ) is for the fujitsu pa-03586-b015 ( which is the fujitsu p n for the rack2-filer bundle ) .the $ 405.98 unit ( asin b001v9lqh0 ) is for the fujitsu pa-03586-b005 ( which is the fujitsu p n for the scanner without rack2-filer ) .
yes it will scan to email . we currently have 15 address stored in our address book . i am not sure how many addresses it will hold though . you also have options to choose different formats to send the scan via email ; pdf , tif , jpeg and color or black and white .
mr. moore i am not sure sir , i carry it in the back of the truck . but i will make an effort to find out sir.angela
yes it is does come with both , and it is a very wonderful and useful calculator . well worth the money .
zapatos
i can only tell you it fit my pen and works just like it should , very well .
yes
i have a separate answering machine that i use that 's on the same phone number line as the fax machine . i usually have the fax set to telephone mode ( meaning i have to change the mode for me to receive a fax ) . but , i seem to recall setting the number of rings on my separate answering machine to more rings than the number of rings on the fax machine , so the separate answering machine can pick up the messages .
attached .
yes
yes , i bought it for an adult .
nice variety of colors . light blue , green , lavander and pink .
i do n't know about the r200 , but i 'd sure steer clear of the artisan 50. i set it up and ran exactly 3 prints , one in color , and sent it back . color was poor and the machine was amazingly noisy for such a small printer . even noisy in b & w . ; and , it took forever to get one print out of it .
i am not sure but i would definitely give it a shot . this has helped my writs and my mouse from going all over the place . it does n't stick to your laptop so you can easily remove it and it could be cut down , if need be . i was not sure how it would work when i purchased it but now i am glad i did . i 'm sure it would be cheaper than purchasing a whole other laptop .
very carefully .
yes , but only when you buy their proprietary , expensive label rolls .
i use dymo 30336 for my upc labels
they have held up just like new after a year of constant use ! very good quality , so worth the price ! i originally had the padded armrests covered in vinyl ( ? ) which started cracking and peeling in less than a year ! love the leather ones now ! it is just the pad . the old armrest comes off by removing the 2 screws underneath and then these fit right in place and you secure them with the screws .
the white and yellow both are one sided ( the copy only works if both are on the correct side ) so yes you can write on both sides and it 'll only pass through if both pages have the correct side up . you print each page ( white and yellow ) individually .
yes it is
this stamper works well on clothing and is colorfast . i just with the type were larger to make indentifing easer ,
yes , you tell them what font you want ; however , i do n't know all the fonts that are available . i chose a simple font .
i have the imac so i am not sure if my response will be helpful . first if you go to the apple web site manuals are available for download and second i print from my imac pdf docs , emails , photos , really anything i need by just going to the file menu item and under that menu i use the `` print '' command to print whatever i need . i have had the printer for several years and find it functions very well with the imac . c. stanton
really is not for cards invitations purposes , is a photographic paper not to be folded , is thick but i 'll not recommended for cards .
8 digit calculator ... ..
in the bottle , i would expect it to last for several years .
there is a switch on the side of the phone base - you can either turn off the ringer or adjust the volume .
no , it does n't have a headset port .
it does have a speaker phone button on the front panel .
games included are hangman word train word blaster anagrams jumble letris and letter poker
it can certainly scan business cards , but it would save them as a jpg image file . to import directly into outlook , you would need some other kind of text recognition softward that reads the images and inputs data into fields .
no , there is no inner lip that would hold a piece of plywood in place .
i 'm not sure of the exact measurements , but it 's approximately 2 ft wide x 6 ft long .
there was one ribbon
i do not know the answer to the question . what i do know , is that without this instrument , i would be lost trying to communicate by phone . i have to use hearing aids to communicate with other people , and this gadget makes it possible to talk by phone . the amplification is adjustable , while in use , and i have yet to turn the amplification on full blast .
it rings pretty loud
this ink is for a `` ciss '' system . gigablock continuous ink system for epson artisan 710 725 810 and 835 all-in-one printer related cartridge t098120 t098220 t098320 t098420 t098520 t098620
it looks like it will . good luck . we g ave haf no problems using ours .
the textured surface is just a plastic sheet that just lays on top the cart . yes you can remove it , leaving a smooth painted steel surface .
yes
this unit does not accurately fill the wrappers . i finally threw it away and bought a better one with a digital display .
it is 23 inches tall from the tops of the wheels to the bottom of the handle ( just the basket part ) .
the handset comes with a rechargeable battery . the base ( charging unit ) is not rechargeable .
if the ink uses hp 88 then yes . it wonderful i love it , will be using this product for all my future printers.i have a kid in hs and they print a lot have n't had to refill it yet . been almost a year .
if your dimensions are the same as those stated in the product description , there should be no problem . these wheels worked out perfectly for me and the top of my stem was slightly rounded .
yes , they are very durable and easy to use . all you have to do is shake the pencil vertically and the lead will come out of the tip . in terms of durability , it is a durable pencil made out of plastic and a lightweight metal . i would say the dimenstions are probably around 6 inches for the height , and the width is about .5 inches .
either before or after purchase you can contact us and attach the image and any instructions for the layout in a message
the short answer is `` kind of '' . it depends on the headset type but the headset must be plugged into the headset jack . you can not plug the headset inline with the handset . many of the older headsets were connected between the handset ( the thing you hold in your hand ) and the base unit of the phone . this type of connection does not work on most sip phones . yealink also offers an adaptor for certain handsets that enable you to answer a call from the headset . the other thing to note is that depending on the headset model you might need to change the pin outs on the rj9 connector .
i clip mine to the inside of my blue jeans pocket every day and have never had it slide open . when it is compressed the tip is always withdrawn and when the pen is expanded the tip is always exposed .
i do n't think so . i have used it with three different laser printers ( color and black white ) and it works great . the paper is in the package white yellow pink for face up printing , which is how my printers work . so when i want to print a set or two , i just take the number of sets out of the package , put them on top of my paper in the tray , and print however many sets i want . i can also print them in my single sheet feeder as well , but i do n't usually .
yes it is
i do n't think so ; just the standard size slides or negatives .
although i never use it i was told u can communicate in house from phone to phone ?
tso 10 pages will hold a total of 120 pictures total.here are 10 pages in a pack you can fit a total if 12 4x6 pictures on one page they will be back to back
yes .
yes
yes
yes . they come with cartridges that can be filled with ink . they come with a small tube of ink .
check at the bottom of the unit , or in the styrofoam around that area
i purchased the parker `` quink '' cartridges , but they last a long time , so i have n't had the opportunity to branch out to see if any generic brands fit .
i 'm not sure about how many photos one cartridge will print but it takes only a few seconds to print a photo .
they are n't clear , but translucent instead .
yes , it does . as long as that is the active tab , it will work . additionally , it will work on google slides using chrome os and even using chrome os to stream it to a tv via a chromecast . this presenter is very chrome google friendly ! tested it on both a chromebook and a chromebox .
yes . as far as i know . this is one of the few phones that have a voicemail indicating light on the base .
the best way to answer that is that the cork and the white board are roughly squares , as you are looking at the picture it is 17 high by 11 wide.hope that helps .
no it 's not . i purchased one based on some data i received and other claims that it was . but it is not . i ended up returning it .
yes , i think so . the system has holes at a distance of 7 ''
i have mine filled to where they expand to 9 '' , but if i fully extend it , the file will expand to at least 12 '' . holds lots of papers !
not very well . the display is not backlit . it is plain lcd .
ours did not . had to use set from old phones .
yes . it does come in a gift box .
i use it on the wireless network all the time .
try gently pressing down on the top of the cartridge at the front edge . it should just click in . ensure you are putting the cartridge in the right slot as well ( i have made this eror ) . dennis
i do not know for sure if it will print on pvc , but i would expect it should be ok. i know it is designed to print on printable cd 's . the ink will dry on 'most anything it is applied to . but the big question is ... .will your printer recognize this system ? better google it to see if there are comments on this regard . i bought the system for a epson artisan 50 and the printer will not recognize the installation . so my new cis is sitting here , all dressed up and nowhere to go ! beware .
this scanner comes with the power cord as well as an approx . 6 ft. long usb cable to connect to your computer .
not sure . check compatibility on the targus website . i use it on my windows7 pro 64 bit os . it was plug and play . has been working great for 2 years . only changed the batteries once .
sorry it did n't last that long for me.it was poor quality .
it 's solid and heavy for its size . but it was a little smaller than i thought it would be .
webex also has phone conferencing services and a telephone audio service for web conferencing . i have had difficulty with ooma and webex . it will not connect me to a webex meeting . if anyone has encountered this and found a solution , i would love to hear .
it is not legal size
the model you referenced is the same model that i purchased the toner for . working great .
i 'm sorry , hit the wrong key ! meant to say : hi there ! i 'm sorry i ca n't be more help . i love this printer , but i 'm old school and plug it in to my computer directly . however , our wireless network does pick up the printer , but i have not tried to print through it . but i seriously love this printer . it 's the third one i 've bought of this type - the multifunction brother - over the last decade or so . the other ones did n't break - we still use them at our office - it was me wanting to upgrade .
to rest the page counter : open the lid , press back clear . in the menu window it will list the color cartridges one at a time . use the up and down arrows to select the correct color . hit ok. close the lid .
hi susan , yes the length is 2.975 inches . just a little under 3.0 inches .
4.5 ''
no it is n't ... but thank goodness i want it the way it 's displayed
you have to very closely follow instructions..i had same problem ..
kenneth , i dont work for the company , however i love my key-back . the way the key-back comes with a 1.5 '' diameter ring it will not hold 25 keys . i have changed the ring to a larger ring which to a 2 '' diameter ring . i would suggest that you go to a locksmith retail store which sells the rings and try them out in your situation . i have 7 keys each with a red , green etc colour code plastic that fits over the the head of the key that makes these keys more bulky plus 3 car door openers which are very bulky on the ring and 1 fob . i have other keys i require periodically and i put these on a separate ring that i then attach to the main ring with separate rings with an easy adapter . i do see another answer on this and he recommends a similar answer to mine . kenneth , i dont work for the company , however i love my key-back . the way the key-back comes with a 1.5 '' diameter ring it will not hold 25 keys . i have changed the ring to a larger ring which to a 2 '' diameter ring . i would suggest that you go to a locksmith retail store which sells the rings and try them out in your situation . i have 7 keys each with a red , green etc colour code plastic that fits over the the head of the key that makes these keys more bulky plus 3 car door openers which are very bulky on the ring and 1 fob . i have other keys i require periodically and i put ... » read more kenneth , i dont work for the company , however i love my key-back . the way the key-back comes with a 1.5 '' diameter ring it will not hold 25 keys . i have changed the ring to a larger ring which to a 2 '' diameter ring . i would suggest that you go to a locksmith retail store which sells the rings and try them out in your situation . i have 7 keys each with a red , green etc colour code plastic that fits over the the head of the key that makes these keys more bulky plus 3 car door openers which are very bulky on the ring and 1 fob . i have other keys i require periodically and i put these on a separate ring that i then attach to the main ring with separate rings with an easy adapter . i do see another answer on this and he recommends a similar answer to mine . « show less
for my own use i prefer the ds-3 . it has a safety feature that stops the shredding if you happen to touch the opening where you put the paper in . it has all the power that i need for my use .
yes . when you need refills they are expensive unless you get generic off amazon . make sure you get quality refills . awesome printer though . no regrets about buying and i have owned laser printers from hp for years without one service call . do the maint kit every 200-225k pages and they go forever . i had several with over 1 million pages . again , no service call ever !
the device is independent from a pc . it simply scans photos to a sandisk card that inserts in the unit . when you are done scanning slides , simply remove the card and plug it in to your pc via a usb adapter that accepts the sandisk . some later model pc 's and tvs may already have a dedicated slot for the card . so with that said - windows 8 should not have any issues with this set up. , as it should see the card and find the right photo program to download the photos . the wolverine does come with a usb cable but it 's only for a power source if you do n't want to use the supplied ac power adapter . the usb power source would be great if you are on the go with a laptop and want to power the wolverine to scan slides . the wolverine is simply a small slide projector that scans the photos onto a sandisk - with no pc involved . good luck ! mlbaron west island weather station operations the device is independent from a pc . it simply scans photos to a sandisk card that inserts in the unit . when you are done scanning slides , simply remove the card and plug it in to your pc via a usb adapter that accepts the sandisk . some later model pc 's and tvs may already have a dedicated slot for the card . so with that said - windows 8 should not have any issues with this set up. , as it should see the card and find the right photo program to download the photos . the wolverine does come with a usb cable but it 's only for a power source if you do n't want to use the supplied ac power ... » read more the device is independent from a pc . it simply scans photos to a sandisk card that inserts in the unit . when you are done scanning slides , simply remove the card and plug it in to your pc via a usb adapter that accepts the sandisk . some later model pc 's and tvs may already have a dedicated slot for the card . so with that said - windows 8 should not have any issues with this set up. , as it should see the card and find the right photo program to download the photos . the wolverine does come with a usb cable but it 's only for a power source if you do n't want to use the supplied ac power adapter . the usb power source would be great if you are on the go with a laptop and want to power the wolverine to scan slides . the wolverine is simply a small slide projector that scans the photos onto a sandisk - with no pc involved . good luck ! mlbaron west island weather station operations « show less
i 'm a teacher . i use this product all the time , it 's great . other teachers purchased it after seeing me use it . to answer your question , it does not . you will need to acquire a coaxial monitor cable . this will allow you to hook it up to a monitor or projector . the are very cheap and can be found almost anywhere . ( radio sh.. , best buy ( they are expensive there ) , online , staples , target , walmart , etc ) .
the weighing surface is 6 '' x 8 ''
no it is n't a real bummer because i think this is the best card program ever . my pc man had been able to over ride all my updates until i got to windows 7 .
i do n't know as i have not purchased or used this device . for amazon to think that i have suggests that they have a software logic error . i use a epson v600 scanner to copy photos and slides , and like it .
40 cards and 40 envelopes !
yes ... i use my personal embosser on my gold seals ( metallic ) . i use 2 '' seals . because my embosser is that wide . i had inch and half also , but they were too small . what is the size of your embosser ?
14.5 '' tall ( 14 & 1 2 inches ) that is measuring up to that top bracket that looks like a handle on top .
it 's primarily my wife 's chair and she is 135 but i am 230 and if use it occasionally without problems . it seems to be a very good chair .
packaging states 27 lbs .
yes itcan . but it isnt as easy as i would expect . my mom use it only because she dont have other better tools .
8.5x11 just like normal copy printer paper .
the printer has a cutting system photo size , this means that if your photo or paper roll is 6 x 9 , the printer makes automatic cut to this size , so susecivamente with different paper sizes the pointer accepts .
make sure the slick side down and the bumpy side up .
we have a limited number of black ink in stock at ubicon and you can buy them in amazon . the asin is b00juym9ry and the link to the listing is two check writer black ink rolls thank you for your interest in our product .
no , it does n't copy . for what it 's worth , it also barely prints .
yes they do .
never had a problem with that .
yes they are high yield cartridges i will repurchase this product again
yes . they do come presharpened
yes . i 've found this is usually because the cartridge is not seated properly in the clip . the rubber sometimes does n't seal completely around the bottom of the cartridge so you have to wiggle and fool around with it to get it to seal .
yes the software disc thay comes with allows you to pick sizes from as small as an employees id pic to about a full size piece of paper ... it also allows you to select the quality of.paper you will be printing on to help get you the best quality ... hope that helped you out .
the plug is for standard us 110-120 60hz ac . it 's available for shipping outside the us so it should have the 220-240 50hz capability also . you would just need an adapter .
yes one shell as shown , with drawers and rails for hanging folders . screw on drawer handles ; simple task . wheels are to be installed ' , not difficult - only awkward . wheels not sturdy . one came loose after installation . does n't matter to me since it is on carpet and in a fixed location .
i have had no issue with this . the unit is stable whether the bottom or top drawer is open . its low profile and depth seem to keep it stable .
the one i purchased is grey .
just one drawer - the top opens in the middle and is just a shelf for storage - nice tho
it 's removable !
i own an esp7 , but i do have a friend with the hero 7.1 and he uses the 10c or xl black exclusively . we usually purchase the black color combo pack , as opposed to buying the individual cartridges . no after market cartridges have worked as well for either one of us . so i would recommend it for your hero .
7 - 7.5 inches .
well as all things it depends . however , an average file of 20 to 30 pages , i 'd say i keep 40 or 50 files in it .
do you have a phone cord that could connect to the phone ? then it should work .
yes it is . we have had it connected to iphone 4 , 4s and now iphone 5. works well .
sorry , alan , but , i quit using my hp printer and purchased a canon . too many issues with the hp . plus , it goes through ink like water . i wo n't be buying an hp product anytime soon , if ever .
the one we purchased is beige -luck ... i do n't know , but it was our preference .
the one i have is 5 1 2 '' h x 10 '' d x 14 1 2 '' w. however , it has the name `` oscar '' on it and it has three drawers . i ca n't tell by looking at this pic if it 's the same or not .
it will go off all by itself after a short time . it is solar , so no worries about a battery running down .
plastic
i think it 's irrelevant to know who does the narration ; however , i can tell you that its an excellent device for those who travel a lot . good quality , good sound . excellent price .
yes , it will . i have several lead holders and all get sharpened very nicely . there are small holes with blades on the sides of the sharpener just for that .
you need a memory card . plug the projector into your computer 's usb port ; it should find the card and allow you to transfer from there .
yes it should but with anything that is to full it might tilt ... it would need to be balanced with items inside . but it is a strong sturdy caddy and the seat is sturdy also ... i enjoy mine..good luck
http : www.fixya.com support p4899677-cobra_digital_dps1200_hd_tri_image_scann # manuals-section
yes , i did . in my first house with it , i cut the wire in the basement , bought a phone outlet and wired it . then plugged adapter into it . puts phones in all house jacks . perfect for that and do not have to have connected to computer , just internet . for second house , they had an open plug so just plugged it in to wire .
good question . i 'd say 1000lbs at least . it is that very hard plastic fiberglass type material .
the actual name is ce278a or ce278d ( dual pack ) which will work on your printer .
there is a small rectangular piece that protrudes from the top of the handle . press down firmly on the rectangle while pulling up on the handle at the same time . the full length of the handle will telescope out and lock into place . to put the handle away , press on the rectangular piece while pushing down on the handle .
to be honest i am not positive . sorry
that 's all i 've use it with . and no , the sound quality is fantastic . i was frustrated for years with cheaper products . i went ahead and spent the money on this , and it was well worth it !
yes , the phones work for conference calls . i have used the consistently for conference calls without issue .
january
yes
no , just thin cardboard .
according to the box it does work with the envy 4502 .
no - it does not have jack for headphones .
about waist high . the cart is sturdy and wheels around the kitchen very nicely . you 'll love it .
yes , it does regular time . there 's a setting in there somewhere for you to change it from the 24 hour format . the instructions are in the owner 's manual .
yes , mine came with 4. i clean them with rubbing alcohol and reuse with no problems .
in my opion its quiet . scale 1-10 6.5
incredible to say the least . i found some of my parents ' b &w; negatives from the 1940s and was able to make pictures that surpassed the originals they had in their albums . just take your time and try the various settings for optimum results .
i returned it , my scanner did n't fit .
yes , small magnets will stick to the boards . the dry erase marker has a magnet on the end so it sticks to the board , and i also use the small push pin magnets and they stick to it very well .
we print on them and use them for labeling cleaning products that we sell at my job . i 'm not sure the thickness , but i do not believe they would be thick enough to use on a vinyl plotter . they work great for what we use them for , but are not rigid .
i have witbout any issues
my workforce 545 is designed to take the standard and the xl . no problems replacing either one .
takes about a minute . not as fast as some of the other high end sub-dye models , but considering the quality of the images and price , its a great printer
it does , iirc . you 'll need it if you want to scan anything to a mac btw ; it will not scan wirelessly .
this table is very well made and sturdy to hold your needs , im very happy with mine , it rolls across carpet with ease also . and the price is awesome , i would buy myself another one in a heartbeat if i needed another table . i know you`ll enjoy it . hope this helps with your chose , god bless
mine arrived in the dark grey nearly black color .
i bought a used one , but yes it came with 1 roll of labels and a ink roller .
you need to open the top and the bottom and put label facing the front of the gun and make it go right thru all the way down and close it .
yes ! t-mobile home phone
sideways . i would n't have bought it had i known that especially as it does n't hold as many files as my previous file holder drawer . it looks good , though !
perhaps if you place it in the center section . but , comma , this desk proved to be a piece of junk . i bought it for my son who got to use it for about an hour before it litteraly fell apart in his hands ! if you are buying it for a child , i 'd recommend you look at something else .
i used cheap copy paper , but you can use different types and weights . i used the covers with the clear plastic in the front , but there are covers that you can print on too . most of what i know about it came from this website : http : www.mybinding.com ... it will tell you all kinds of information about the covers and how much they hold . by the way , the binding is great , but i did notice that i got a better bind when i heated it at least 3 times in a row ... i learned about that in the instructions .
manual . you feed in one sheet at a time
3 8size i purchase at office depot please disregard the first message i sent
yes it does as well as a usb connection . i use both with this printer . great , fast printer . surprisingly easy to clear a paper jam .
hello shar g. your guestion does not have enough information . i am not sure what you are printing from . settings are found in what ever document software you are using click on file tab for instance microsoft office word document . then select print . printers prints options display . select print page type.this is one example in all windows look for simler tabs . some times left click works as well depending what stuff or programs you are using . for futher assistant please go to http : h30434.www3.hp.com t5 printers-and-all-in-ones ct-p inkjet sign up or sign in just post your guestions their . you will receive a respounce back if you do not receive a respounce e-mail at frrw on hp 's forum . there i can better address your issues with step by step with screen shots also if needed . thank you . hello shar g. your guestion does not have enough information . i am not sure what you are printing from . settings are found in what ever document software you are using click on file tab for instance microsoft office word document . then select print . printers prints options display . select print page type.this is one example in all windows look for simler tabs . some times left click works as well depending what stuff or programs you are using . for futher assistant please go to http : h30434.www3.hp.com t5 printers-and-all-in-ones ct-p inkjet sign up or sign in just post your ... » read more hello shar g. your guestion does not have enough information . i am not sure what you are printing from . settings are found in what ever document software you are using click on file tab for instance microsoft office word document . then select print . printers prints options display . select print page type.this is one example in all windows look for simler tabs . some times left click works as well depending what stuff or programs you are using . for futher assistant please go to http : h30434.www3.hp.com t5 printers-and-all-in-ones ct-p inkjet sign up or sign in just post your guestions their . you will receive a respounce back if you do not receive a respounce e-mail at frrw on hp 's forum . there i can better address your issues with step by step with screen shots also if needed . thank you . « show less
yes
i do n't know why it would n't but i did n't try it and no longer have a printer that uses this system .
i no longer have that printer gus . that ink cartridge is used in my current pixma mx-882 and is black .
canon cli-226 4550b001 gray ink tankcanon cli-226 4550b001 gray ink tankitem model number : 4550b001price : $ 11.65 ( prime )
i ca n't say as to the total number of pages ; however , i do know that between my home office use ( moderate ) plus my university student 's coursework ( heavy ) , i can generally get close to six month 's worth of usage if i set my print quality on `` fast '' with the occasional `` standard '' settings . ymmv .
no . mine is a pixma mg 5220 series . sorry .
feels like heavy particle board or plywood with an interior cloth covering and an exterior of 'anti-slip ' textured ruber . metal reinforces the corners and seems to add a good bit of structural integrity . i have a little cat cubby on top of mine and after two~ months it shows no sign of falling apart despite the weight of the cubby and the jumping moving around of our 16lb cat throughout the day . i still think the biggest issue , and the one most likely to be a reason for returns is poor quality control from this company . but if you get a good example of the product its well worth the money . feels like heavy particle board or plywood with an interior cloth covering and an exterior of 'anti-slip ' textured ruber . metal reinforces the corners and seems to add a good bit of structural integrity . i have a little cat cubby on top of mine and after two~ months it shows no sign of falling apart despite the weight of the cubby and the jumping moving around of our 16lb cat throughout the day . i still think the biggest issue , and the one most likely to be a reason for returns is poor quality control from this company . but if you get a good example of the product its well worth ... » read more feels like heavy particle board or plywood with an interior cloth covering and an exterior of 'anti-slip ' textured ruber . metal reinforces the corners and seems to add a good bit of structural integrity . i have a little cat cubby on top of mine and after two~ months it shows no sign of falling apart despite the weight of the cubby and the jumping moving around of our 16lb cat throughout the day . i still think the biggest issue , and the one most likely to be a reason for returns is poor quality control from this company . but if you get a good example of the product its well worth the money . « show less
approx 9 '' x 12 ''
could someone please measure and post ? thanks .
yes , there is a ruler in inches and in metric and the table is sectioned into little squares that might be a 1 4 '' for precise and quick positioning .
no , it does not .
if you can find a cutter where you never need to replace a blade , please let me know ! i 've never seen such a thing ; however , in my experience , titanium blades last much longer than steel blades . i do love my cutter , but do n't buy it for the light feature . i am disappointed in fiskars for that . buy it for the size and cutting . awesome .
100 % smooth
it comes in a tube . the tube is a little longer than the height of the map and ~8cm diameter .
it is made of metal and then the embellish your story magnets hold pictures on it .
yes it does
yes it will work with your applications .
yes it is , and this may be very helpful with your install . guide to installing canon canoscan lide 35 , 50 and 60 on mac os x 10.8. mountain lion : first part : deleting old lide drivers and softwareif this is the first attempt to install the scanner , skip this parttrash the following files folders from these folders : hd : library image capture twain data sourcesdelete the canoscan canoscan xxxx.ds file ( make note of any other files that may be in this folder . if other files are present , move them to the desktop for now . then place them back after successfully using the scanner . ) hd : library preferencesdelete the 'canoscan xxxx ' folderhd : users shareddelete the folders containing the name canoscan , or starting with cnql.hd : applicationsdelete the canoscan toolbox applicationhd : users your-mac-username library preferencesdelete any items named `` canoscan toolbox '' restart your computer , then empty the trashsecond part : making your scanner workmake sure your scanner is well connecteddownload the right driver depending on your model . also download the scanner software . copy the filenames and search them via google . make sure you download the canon files from an official canon domain.canoscan lide 50 and lide 35 work both with the 35 driver : lide35osx7721en.dmgcanoscan lide 60 driver : lide60osx11131en.dmgvuescan software : http : www.hamrick.com # downloadvuescan 9.2 ( or later ) x32 for mac os xalternative to vuescan : canoscan toolbox . i prefer vuescan.try your luck with version 4 or version 5.canoscan toolbox 4 : cstbosx4934ej4.dmgcanoscan toolbox 5 : cstbosx5014ej4.dmgopen the downloaded driver file ( lide35osx7721en.dmg or lide60osx11131en.dmg ) and double-click the scangear file , install and restart when promptedopen the downloaded vuescan file ( vuex3292.dmg ) and drag the vuescan application to the mac applications folderopen the vuescan application . the scanner should be recognized automatically . yes it is , and this may be very helpful with your install . guide to installing canon canoscan lide 35 , 50 and 60 on mac os x 10.8. mountain lion : first part : deleting old lide drivers and softwareif this is the first attempt to install the scanner , skip this parttrash the following files folders from these folders : hd : library image capture twain data sourcesdelete the canoscan canoscan xxxx.ds file ( make note of any other files that may be in this folder . if other files are present , move them to the desktop for now . then place them ... » read more yes it is , and this may be very helpful with your install . guide to installing canon canoscan lide 35 , 50 and 60 on mac os x 10.8. mountain lion : first part : deleting old lide drivers and softwareif this is the first attempt to install the scanner , skip this parttrash the following files folders from these folders : hd : library image capture twain data sourcesdelete the canoscan canoscan xxxx.ds file ( make note of any other files that may be in this folder . if other files are present , move them to the desktop for now . then place them back after successfully using the scanner . ) hd : library preferencesdelete the 'canoscan xxxx ' folderhd : users shareddelete the folders containing the name canoscan , or starting with cnql.hd : applicationsdelete the canoscan toolbox applicationhd : users your-mac-username library preferencesdelete any items named `` canoscan toolbox '' restart your computer , then empty the trashsecond part : making your scanner workmake sure your scanner is well connecteddownload the right driver depending on your model . also download the scanner software . copy the filenames and search them via google . make sure you download the canon files from an official canon domain.canoscan lide 50 and lide 35 work both with the 35 driver : lide35osx7721en.dmgcanoscan lide 60 driver : lide60osx11131en.dmgvuescan software : http : www.hamrick.com # downloadvuescan 9.2 ( or later ) x32 for mac os xalternative to vuescan : canoscan toolbox . i prefer vuescan.try your luck with version 4 or version 5.canoscan toolbox 4 : cstbosx4934ej4.dmgcanoscan toolbox 5 : cstbosx5014ej4.dmgopen the downloaded driver file ( lide35osx7721en.dmg or lide60osx11131en.dmg ) and double-click the scangear file , install and restart when promptedopen the downloaded vuescan file ( vuex3292.dmg ) and drag the vuescan application to the mac applications folderopen the vuescan application . the scanner should be recognized automatically . « show less
yes it does .
highly unlikely . at a minimum it would have to be structural glass at least 3 4 '' thick and you would need some type of padding for the undermount bracket . i doubt the company would suggest it . but try company support line , they are helpful .
not recommended for that application .
permanent .
yes it fits but it did n't seem to last as long as the oem . i 'd buy again because the quality was good and at the price offered is low it makes for a bargain .
it has a 3 inch dia disc on the clamp that is ceneterd 2.5 inches back from front of desk edge
i have not had any problems with 3 brother printers . they each lasted at least 2 years
yes , this drum is the one used for the mfc-7860dw . i 'm not sure which drop down box you to which you are referring but brother makes this drum to fit a large number of models . any brother b &w; printer using the tn420 or tn450 toner cartridge uses this drum unit .
to my knowledge , toner will remain usable for a very long time , assuming there are no drastic changes in humidity where the printer is located . my first cartridge lasted 9 months with infrequent use .
from brother support : `` the drum unit and toner cartridge shelf life is 2 years if the protective bag is unopened or 6 months after the protective bag is opened . although , we have provided a figure to base the shelf life on , it is contingent on the prints that are being printed . it is very possible to have the toner and drum cartridge for longer periods of time . there are many factors that determine the actual drum life , such as the temperature , humidity , type of paper , type of toner used , number of pages per print job and so on . under ideal conditions , the average drum life is estimated at approximately 12,000 pages . the actual number of pages that your drum will print may be significantly less than this estimate . because we have no control over the many factors that determine the actual drum life , we can not guarantee a minimum number of pages that will be printed by your drum . the drum and toner cartridges are both consumables that the machine can recognize as needed to be replaced or low . the machine will provide message that will indicate whether the consumable is low , such as `` drum end soon '' . from brother support : `` the drum unit and toner cartridge shelf life is 2 years if the protective bag is unopened or 6 months after the protective bag is opened . although , we have provided a figure to base the shelf life on , it is contingent on the prints that are being printed . it is very possible to have the toner and drum cartridge for longer periods of time . there are many factors that determine the actual drum life , such as the temperature , humidity , type of paper , type of toner used , number of pages per print job and so on . under ideal conditions , the average drum life is ... » read more from brother support : `` the drum unit and toner cartridge shelf life is 2 years if the protective bag is unopened or 6 months after the protective bag is opened . although , we have provided a figure to base the shelf life on , it is contingent on the prints that are being printed . it is very possible to have the toner and drum cartridge for longer periods of time . there are many factors that determine the actual drum life , such as the temperature , humidity , type of paper , type of toner used , number of pages per print job and so on . under ideal conditions , the average drum life is estimated at approximately 12,000 pages . the actual number of pages that your drum will print may be significantly less than this estimate . because we have no control over the many factors that determine the actual drum life , we can not guarantee a minimum number of pages that will be printed by your drum . the drum and toner cartridges are both consumables that the machine can recognize as needed to be replaced or low . the machine will provide message that will indicate whether the consumable is low , such as `` drum end soon '' . « show less
yes , it works well with all of our macs !
that 's correct . i have the mg6120 model of this series ; it wo n't do anything ( scan or print ) if any of the cartridges is empty .
no it does n't . there are devices that does what you 're looking for , but this canon just scans whatever you see with the naked eye to a digital image . that 's actually pretty interesting you 've asked . i might have to try it one day . the digital image might be pretty small , but if zoomed the image quality might still be good . plus with the bright light scanning the image , i would assume the colors might stand out other than being amber and tinted .
clear
the phone that i received did not have a display , so i am guessing yes , but i would ask the seller if the phone really does have a display .
yes it measures down to tenths of an oz .
yes , but it will need minor hardware added . current hooks only positioned for horizontal hanging .
no it is not , it is simply hardboard
not sure - still have ink - over 100 pages printed to date on cartridge
the drawer can take either legal or letter size hanging folders .
i wish i had a solution for you but unfortunately i had to scrap my hp officejet for the exact same issue . we tried changing all of the cartridges , including the black twice , just in case it was just a bad head and we even updated the software . after dealing with this ink-guzzling monster for over a year we junked it and got the epson workforce printer . we 're having much better ink use with the new printer .
shannon ... .open your time card software and log in . go to reports at the top of the page then click on timecards . find the change you want to make ( time in or time out ) click on which ever one you need to change . make the change and be sure to hit the submit button at the bottom of the edit box . hope this helps .
quality is excellent . you have many formats and dpis you can save in , including in pdf , color , black and white and grey scale
nope . i know it us very tough to pivot the extension legs . i just pulled really hard and they folded out .
i have handle door knob as well , and it works the same as the `` neck '' of the door knob is the same .
https : drive.google.com open ? id=0bxuaaj33p8tadtm2evltn2non2m &authuser; =0
i have n't used them frequently but they seem to always work when the grand kids come no matter how long it has been between uses . they have a blast with them . hope this helps .
it works very well for the canon mx870 . just be sure you read the installation instructions . it does n't install exactly like canon ink even though they look similar . love the price !
yes these printers work very well with windows 7. i 've installed several for my customers and they have the easiest software setup i 've ever used .
yes , it is just like a normal pencil box but double the size . it has a molded plastic hinge .
yes they do . the `` thank you '' is on the front , and the inside is blank .
yes . i believe i have been using 40 # or greater brochure paper .
yes , the pads are permanently attached .
no
it has functioned without any problem as a replacement for the original .
this system is very easy to use . to edit punches you just pull up the user interface go into the missed punch and manually edit it . we have ours integrated with quick books as well . we plugged ours into the network and had it up and running in about an hour . hope that helps .
i did n't need the install cd . i just went thru the network setup & it was then discoverable by my mac & iphone
i have used them with many different gateways with different processors and never had a problem . sometimes u have to go to magtek site and change modes , but they are still fine . i would think that it would work fine .
after you order the stamp the company will email you a request for the following information : '' 1. notary name2 . state3 . commission expiration date4 . commission number5 . notary city town6 . county7 . ink color : black , blue , purple8 . notary id # ( if applicable ) 9. if your state requirements allows circular or rectangular please advise which one you will like . ''
never worked for me , period .
yes they are and they shred into confetti not just strips . this is the best shredder i have owned .
i truly have not any serious problems like this . i downloaded the latest software and have had to restart occasionally , but that 's it . sorry that i do n't have more info . wish you the best !
the function of the converter are fluid in motion but i ordered the wrong size i did n't send it back but will order another one but the right size.advise order the right converter ... . i hope this helps .mb
no
no this printer is not .
no . it only prints .
i suspect that this is an issue with the word processing software that you 're using . as an experiment , try taking the document that you are trying to print to another printer to see if the results are different . maybe ask a friend who has a different printer and send your document via e-mail ? printers follow format codes in the documents they print - they do n't have the ability to over-ride software commands . at least not that i know of .
jpeg -- no choice
hi ruthie , yes , you will be able to make the monitor touch your desk if you 'd like , if it clears the front , you can get the bottom a little lower . it also tilts back quite a bit , so you can pull it down and then tilt it back , this arm is very nice , i have 3 of them !
usa
no , this unit just converts slides ( color or black and white ) to a memory device so that the slide can be printed as a picture or viewed online .
my toner does n't register low and i have ben using it for a year and have printed a few hundred pages . it last a long time compared to ink cartridges .
ur right my mistake
i am really sorry to tell you that i do not know . i have not used mine in some years but i cant remember it having a microphone .
16 '' w x 30 '' h x 20 '' d
yes , the larger phone base will mount on a wall phone jack . you also need an electric outlet nearby to plug the phone into for it to work . the phone works well .
actually , the chair is ridiculously adjustable . you can definitely recline and tilt . i 'm still learning what all the levers do !
no
have n't really counted . probably a good 30 or so . the product is great and designer is easy to work with to make sure the product looks right . well worth the money . everyone at my office thinks i paid way more for the item than i did .
hello lisa , if you do not provide customization at the time of check out , you will receive an email shortly after the order is placed asking for the customization . let me know if their is anything else i can help you out with.thank you , lauren
yes it does .
no it does not have a talking caller id .
metal
yes , they are . very convenient .
11.5 inches wide x 6 inches deep x 13 inches high
an automatic deduction rule is standard , please call the manufacturer compumatic at 516-486-3538 with any questions
no . they will send forms with the current filling year which , at this point is 2013. there is no year on the picture of the form as it is probably a generic pic they can keep using for ads . the only way i know of to get past year forms is directly from the irs and they are free . go to irs.gov you will find it there .
no .
it does , you may need to go on the ricoh website and down load the driver
no mine does not have one and i am not aware that you can purchase one separately
it is rated for 250 lbs. , but i weigh 325 and i sit in it regularly with no problems .
in the directions the tilt tention knob is saying to put it on the wrong way my boyfriend said.. he removed it and put it on in the opposite direction . it tilts back very far.. so far its a nice comfortable chair.. he spends at least 7 hours of his day in a chair.. so im sure he 'll let me know if he likes it . : )
they require a uv light . you can order them on amazon .
they are interchangeable and very easy to use .
i did n't mount cpu shelf on the inside . i think it may be possible . however , it will be difficult to move your leg . you ca n't seat with comfortable . it will be better if you mount on the left or right side .
im am pretty sure i got three !
yes any key maker ll make a copy of that or if u lost the key then contact any of ur local lock smith .
when the remanufactured cartridge i received was n't recognized by my printer , i just called sophia global customer service and they immediately sent a replacement , no hassle , no problem . i 'm sure they will work with you and satisfy your needs . just call their customer service ( 785.865.3725 ) . their address is : sophia global1705 haskell ave. ste . alawrence , ks 66044good luck .
this item comes with a limited 1 year manufacturer 's warranty .
i received the smallest size , which it appears to me bit expansive .
i asked a question : what is the weight of this file cabinet ?
four
i do n't know
about 2mm not counting bumps on underside . the bumps are a depth ofabout 3mm . i have had the mat for about a year now and it has worked well .
i 've had mine for a year , and it 's holding-up well on a thick carpet . i 've had several mats over the years and they all eventually split , but this one looks like it 's going to last longer than most .
21 '' front to back and 5-1 12 inches side to side .
rings are 1 inch . have sheet protectors and tab dividers with pockets ... plus room for a chromebook in the pocket and a legal pad in the back . just paper ... guessing up to 200 pages . have five and love them !
metal
yup , that is accurate .
no , the ink in these pens is transparent . you want something opaque or chalky for fabric .
yes , the software bundled with the scanner was able to convert the scanned picture into word or excel documents via optical character recognition .
depth for keyboard 8.375 '' overall depth 11 '' width 27 ''
i think they are best for a regular size pencil . markers are generally too thick to fit in . if you squeeze a lot it can for on a mechanical pencil -- just a little harder to slide it on . this is good for my 6 year old 's hand , but i can use it too . you are only using your thumb and index finger on it so both fit .
not that i am aware of .
very little tilt
you can sue a generic version . in fact i recommend it . mine broke down before i got through even 1 cartridge , brother refused support because it was already a year old . if you have n't already purchased this printer , do n't .
if you go into one of the menus there is a feed option which you can feed more of the label out
i do n't think so . 99.5 % sure that is .
i believe any brother printer would work well
no . however you may well need to carve an opening in the plastic case of the printer to let the external lines connect thru . really not a big deal with xacto knife or similar and a little patience . a few minutes of careful carving : )
hello , it would depend on who you are purchasing the item from . some sellers charge shipping and some do n't . our store does not charge for shipping . if you need anything else , please let us know.thank you .
i would unplug the unit for a few minutes then plug it back in . if that does n't work then try resetting the unit , here is the link for the instructions : http : www.uniden.com content ebiz uniden resources ownersmanuals d1680-4om.pdf
i honestly can not say that they would
not sure , as we do not accept credit cards . however , customer service is very helpful . use google to access the phone number .
it takes a couple seconds to zero itself .
i believe that it will do either . i have printed out in rgb and cmyk through photoshop .
yes
it will not bend easily . it 's made of ( i think ) composite cardboard . it 's very hard and inflexible .
i did n't notice a prominent smell . i 'm sure there 's some outgassing , but the smell was n't noticeable .
do n't think so . it rocks back and forth and does not lock into position .
no
not exactly sure how long it can run , but shortly after i received mine i had a shred - a -thon far about 2 hours an had no problems . it also has a nice meter that tells you when it 's starting to over heat .
it would be slow . try read , write and gold version 11 program . you scan the pages and it converts it to speech .
i scanned slides but there is something you need to know . once you download the blaze photo cd , only use the scanner . scan in all the negatives , if you go into the blaze photo program everything freezes . get the picasa photo program ( which is free ) and download that to transfer all your photos into in order to keep on pc or make a cd . it took me the longest time before i finally figured it our . good luck .
i did n't know what `` quilling '' is , so i researched it on google . to answer your question : initially , the edges of the cuts from the shredder will be smooth . however , after a couple months of use , the cutting discs will become duller ( as expected ) , and the edges of the cuts will not be as smooth . also , i think the `` weight '' of the paper you use for quilling would influence the smoothness of the edges . nevertheless , i speculate this shredder will do what you have in mind and save you hours compared to cutting the paper by hand.i hope this helps . i did n't know what `` quilling '' is , so i researched it on google . to answer your question : initially , the edges of the cuts from the shredder will be smooth . however , after a couple months of use , the cutting discs will become duller ( as expected ) , and the edges of the cuts will not be as smooth . also , i think the `` weight '' of the paper you use for quilling would influence the smoothness of the edges . nevertheless , i speculate this shredder will do what you have in mind and save you hours compared to cutting the paper by hand.i hope this ... » read more i did n't know what `` quilling '' is , so i researched it on google . to answer your question : initially , the edges of the cuts from the shredder will be smooth . however , after a couple months of use , the cutting discs will become duller ( as expected ) , and the edges of the cuts will not be as smooth . also , i think the `` weight '' of the paper you use for quilling would influence the smoothness of the edges . nevertheless , i speculate this shredder will do what you have in mind and save you hours compared to cutting the paper by hand.i hope this helps . « show less
you can download the .dmg setup file from fujitsu 's web site
what 's in the boxepson stylus photo r3000 photo printerprinter documentationcd-rom with drivers and softwareaccessory boxpower cableroll paper holder accessorycd print tray and softwareroll paper holdersultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : nine 157-series ultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : photo black , cyan , vivid magenta , yellow , light cyan , vivid light magenta , light black , matte black , light light blackepson ink supplies157 ultrachrome k3 photo black ink cartridge ( t157120 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 cyan ink cartridge ( t157220 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 vivid magenta ink cartridge ( t157320 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 yellow ink cartridge ( t157420 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light cyan ink cartridge ( t157520 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 vivid light magenta ink cartridge ( t157620 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light black ink cartridge ( t157720 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 matte black ink cartridge ( t157820 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light light black ink cartridge ( t157920 ) what 's in the boxepson stylus photo r3000 photo printerprinter documentationcd-rom with drivers and softwareaccessory boxpower cableroll paper holder accessorycd print tray and softwareroll paper holdersultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : nine 157-series ultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : photo black , cyan , vivid magenta , yellow , light cyan , vivid light magenta , light black , matte black , light light blackepson ink supplies157 ultrachrome k3 photo black ink cartridge ( t157120 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 cyan ink cartridge ... » read more what 's in the boxepson stylus photo r3000 photo printerprinter documentationcd-rom with drivers and softwareaccessory boxpower cableroll paper holder accessorycd print tray and softwareroll paper holdersultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : nine 157-series ultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : photo black , cyan , vivid magenta , yellow , light cyan , vivid light magenta , light black , matte black , light light blackepson ink supplies157 ultrachrome k3 photo black ink cartridge ( t157120 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 cyan ink cartridge ( t157220 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 vivid magenta ink cartridge ( t157320 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 yellow ink cartridge ( t157420 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light cyan ink cartridge ( t157520 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 vivid light magenta ink cartridge ( t157620 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light black ink cartridge ( t157720 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 matte black ink cartridge ( t157820 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light light black ink cartridge ( t157920 ) « show less
yes , only question was one package was out of the box for some reason and use by date is on box . they are original brother cartridges not refills .
i do n't recommend this . it stopped working in less than one week . i end up with returning and buying a new one .
this is what i wanted . however , it does not work for the old negatives . have been unable to find a solution .
yes ! per brother spec.it does fit
open the file you want to print.click file > print.click properties.click the general tab , then select print last page first to remove the check mark.click the save current preferences icon next to my preferences.create a name for the new current preferences.click save.click apply.click ok .
the mounting bo 's is 4 1 2 x 4 1 2. i have mine on the wall , it is fine , no problem .
yes , you can set time & date fairly easy .
i had to google a 'ginny binder ' myself . i think as long as the binder is a standard 8.5 '' x 5.5 '' , 3 ring binder it should work . i picked up oneof those multi-use zippered planner binder things at a thrift store ... the paper works in it . hope this helps . : )
the one-touch dialer has 10 upper and 10 lower for a total of 20. there is also a speed dialer which stores 10 numbers . lastly , there is a phonebook which stores 50 names numbers .
ohh sorry my bracket is at my camp where there 's still 2 foot of snow . perhaps you could call the supplier
sadly , it was a waste of money.i put it in and it did n't work . first day i put it in was fine , the next day , it just printed a black page . nothing readable . page after page of absolute black prints . so i just threw it in the bin . ordered an hp which is very overpriced , but it proved nothing was wrong with the printer . printer is still working to date with the goof cartridge i bought from hp . i would n't risk wasting my money with this compatible thing again
i had to toss 2 of them as soon as they arrived because they were dry as a bone . so , yes , they are disposable
no
sorry i ca n't help you . would n't it be great it there was a counter somewhere to help us count pages when we print or copy ?
i do notice some abrasion on the mouse pads of my logitech g9x , nothing that affects the performance of the pairing.light sandpaper or emery paper on the feet will bring this back to near as new anyway .
14 '' x 19 '' inside lip i have an h p 7700 laser jet multi function on it .
no , it is just the board and the two magnets pictured .
this is 13 '' x19 '' paper ( or at least that 's what i received when i ordered it ) .
they are # 2 pencils .
i would n't think so . it 's for a rough-cut sort of use for packaging and wrapping . you 'd need more of a sliding sharp blade device . i sell fine art prints and this would not be an option . if you do n't have many to cut , get a nice cork-backed metal ruler and an x-acto blade .
i 'm using it in mexico right now and it works great . i do n't know about the voltage , i think mexico is the same as the us but we have lots of power surges here and i 've not had any problems with the phone .
i do n't remember how many pages it printed with the starter cartridges ( i purchased this printer one year ago ) . but , i do remember that i printed the amount of pages as it supposed to be , 1000 pages to my best memory , not sure . also , it is good to know that i do n't purchase xerox cartridges - they are too expensive . i use cartridges from ld company that are 5 times cheaper and work really well , except the black which is not as intense as from the genuine cartridge . if you are looking for printer of this class , i would definitely recommend this one . i love it .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know for sure , i did n't see an indication on the box . i would say they are very thin , thinner than others i 've seen .
yes you can , you just go to menu and select initial settings , scroll to talking caller id and push select , then select either on or off . you can have one on and the others off , its up to you on a per handset basis . it really is a nice phone and it goes all the way to my neighbors ; ( we live in a trailer park ) without crackeling or any type of distortion . : ) hope this helped !
i wish i had the answer to that , i bought the cord for my dell laptop it worked just fine . i 'm not sure if it will for a cannon
according to this website , http : education.ti.com en us about press about_press_release_news153the ti-nspire cx handheld is permitted for use sat* , ap* , psat nsmqt* , ib® , and act® college entrance exams , as well as many state standardized tests . students can even download sample sat and act test questions for practice.i would probably ask a high school guidance counselor to be sure or go to the test website and check .
i do n't have adt but i do have a different security system . so far i have not been able to make it work with ooma but i have n't yet talked to my security company . i thought i could add a twin telephone outlet to the ooma system and plug in my old telephone line ( which is attached to the security system ) . unfortunately , the ooma box ceased to accept either incoming or outgoing calls as long as it saw the old analog telephone line wiring was attached to the ooma box , even though the old telephone system is now inactive .
great - even when using my cell connected by bluetooth
no but it is the best phone i have ever used.i am hard of hearing and have tried several different kind this is the best .
10 '' wide unextended , 15 '' extended , 5 '' high
only 1 card and envelope fits
yes . i look up kx-tg7641 manual online and it shows kx-tga660 has a handset .
yes it does
you could plug it in there , but it will not mount , it has to be sitting on its base and base must be plugged into electrical outlet , so the phones battery may charge .
r.l . - cl83201 does not have a specific feature to block a call . contact your service provider to inquire about call blocking options they may offer .
not sure what the question is ? phone comes with batteries for all units . had previous units 5 years b 4 upgrading to this unit , and never had to replace.they would have to be ordered on line if they ever fail , as they are not a common battery , but to cordless phones .
yes
http : www.jetpens.com uni-ball-pencil-eraser-refill-size-c-set-of-5 pd 2967
i do n't know but it does fit over my laserjet mfp m177 which is a color laser multifunction with room to spare .
not that i have found yet . but when i am not busy in my pc shop i turn to look into that from many forums . sorry
it was black ink .
yes it has a hi and low setting and the redial is in the center of the surrounded by the phone buttons .
sorry , this is the first time i have ever heard of this . it says 1.0b in very fine print .
we use these pagers 10 hours a day and they never go dead . occassionally our servers will take them home and come back the next day and use them again without be charged .
it ships with starter toner , which goes pretty fast , so get your self a new toner cartridge to go along with it . this thing is awesome by the way . i do n't recommend using a toner refill kit .
it fits any size binder . of course , the more you have , the larger the binder you will need .
no the screws for the shelves are screwed into the fiber board and would not work well to rescrew them into that fiber board .
plastic
i 'm hoping i 'll never have to put it to the test ! as for water and fireproof , i do not know.as for theft-proof , it is heavy and has no handles . the thief would have to carry it with two hands or on a cart making it rather unwieldy for a quick getaway .
i use it pretty much in the manner you 're asking about , but there are no straps to keep the laptop in place . the base supports the laptop well , so the tilt you choose before the laptop tips over onto your head is the only concern . i tried an extreme position for you , and it 's fine with the base tilted at about 15 degrees short of vertical and the screen horizontally pointing down at my head on my pillow . one thing i did n't consider to be aware of is that typing for a long period with arms up off of bed can be exhausting . using a mouse and mouse pad on your bed helps .
i would n't try to sharpen crayons with it . i would be concerned it would clog it up . however , the hand-held sharpeners that you can find in the school-supply area work fine . many of them come with a reservoir to hold the shavings so that you do n't have to stand over a trashcan while sharpening . hope you find what you 're looking for .
no it would have to be a note pad . if it maters at all i love this it is light and easy to carry !
the envelopes are colored
i have only ever used it with my iphone 5 , which works great . i think it is supposed to work with the ipad .
yes , it can . i envy you have this model . i enjoyed mine except for the poor quality of the top feed tray . when i had to replace my printer i found it was no longer availability so i had to choose another model .
no .
yes it is .
yes . i originally purchased the wall mount desk top base to have in my kitchen . it originally came with one expansion , and at a later date i purchased 3 expansions .
it is just like a normal journal all the lines and margins are the same . the only difference is that the spiral is on the right side . i can honestly tell you its weird at first but once you use it , you ca n't go back to the other journals . you wo n't need to tilt your journal so that your arm wo n't touch the spiral .
the worksurface part above the keyboard tray , is about 23 '' across . the keyboard tray below that is about 16 3 4 '' . you 'd have to measure your keyboard to know .
i looked in the book and that is one of the numbers listed on the cover . this user guide is available online through motorola website if you want to see it . sincerely , cae
yes , i think it will supportup to 4. location in relation to the base may matter .
it 's not and it 's also narrow printer with lots of issues
it does come with a starter toner ink cartridge , i purchased mine last year so i ca n't recall the number of pages it printed . the printer has performed very well .
most definitely ! i have a mac . it requires a usb port , that 's all .
to remove the old eraser
it 's actually memory foam . not gel . maybe about 1 4 inch thick . feels good on my feet .
not automatically . this is not a feature .
hi nadia , the printer has a label energy star . thanks , margaret
no .
no they are just the toners
as pictured , top to bottom twice in thirds , then side flaps as shown licked and stuck . lastly , bottom flap as shown licked folded and stuck , then flip to top , address and send .
i do not k ow for sure but it holds 11 plastic bags of groceries . hope this helps .
yes
the scale will return to zero after you remove the package . there is also a tare button that will calibrate the scale back to 0 when you press it .
absolutely ! that is the very reason i purchased it , and i am pleased . understand you get a picture of the document , not digitized text . this has proven to be my most useful genealogy tool .
yes
once that you are able to get the top of the receipt started in the rollers , they come out fine . the challenge is getting it started .
i did not get a question , and presume you are asking my opinion on the unit ! well , its been purchased a while now , and thus-far , its smooth sailing , never had a single issue that would cause me to remove any of the seven stars i have for-it ... its worth every dime . hope this help in any way !
i 'm just using it for home use , so not sure what maximum would be . but i 've run it continuously for 3 or 4 minutes .
this is a powder toner for a laser printer , so drying out is n't really an issue . i have n't noticed any smudging . for my laser primter , i will buy this refill again and again .
the outside is made of plastic , but it is a sturdy plastic . the parts that really interact with the paper are metal . do n't expect it to staple more than 8 sheets of even regular copy paper . it is not designed to do that . it does work great for a couple of sheets .
it is a standard 2 hb pencil . to make a pencil mark stand out more easily using the same pressure you would need a softer pencil lead ( 2b , 4b , 6b ) which will also smudge more , or paper that 's less shiny . anything that gave you a dark line without smudging and without bearing down harder would also probably be very difficult to erase , like a crayon . if that 's not an issue to you there are many pencils with dark , waxy centers , not all with thick leads . they can be great for drawing . do n't know how they 'd be for extensive writing . this is the best standard writing pencil i have ever used . you can get a smooth line with light pressure , or you can bear down without snapping the lead , which is always perfectly centered in the wood . the erasers work great . i will happily use the yellow ticonderogas , but if i 'm spending my own money these are what i always get . it is a standard 2 hb pencil . to make a pencil mark stand out more easily using the same pressure you would need a softer pencil lead ( 2b , 4b , 6b ) which will also smudge more , or paper that 's less shiny . anything that gave you a dark line without smudging and without bearing down harder would also probably be very difficult to erase , like a crayon . if that 's not an issue to you there are many pencils with dark , waxy centers , not all with thick leads . they can be great for drawing . do n't know how they 'd be for extensive writing . this is the best standard writing pencil i have ever used . you ... » read more it is a standard 2 hb pencil . to make a pencil mark stand out more easily using the same pressure you would need a softer pencil lead ( 2b , 4b , 6b ) which will also smudge more , or paper that 's less shiny . anything that gave you a dark line without smudging and without bearing down harder would also probably be very difficult to erase , like a crayon . if that 's not an issue to you there are many pencils with dark , waxy centers , not all with thick leads . they can be great for drawing . do n't know how they 'd be for extensive writing . this is the best standard writing pencil i have ever used . you can get a smooth line with light pressure , or you can bear down without snapping the lead , which is always perfectly centered in the wood . the erasers work great . i will happily use the yellow ticonderogas , but if i 'm spending my own money these are what i always get . « show less
we have a 2 story 5 bedroom house and have phones in 3 bedrooms , kitchen and my workroom ( bought an extra phone for that ) and all work fine
i had a sign shop make us several inserts . they side right in . you could buy insert on amazon i think and letter it your self with stick on lettering .
if you do a mail merge , it took no time at all . i had to make 700 name tags with a logo on them and they were done in a day
i only know it works great with my 1760 phone . i got 2 of these and now have perfect reception on my whole property.check uniden website : http : www.uniden.com accessories range-extender-designed-for-select-dect-60-cordless-phone-models invt drx100g
just like any other swipe card holder . you hook it on to they key ring or to lanyard . not very comfortable so i never use it .
no it would not ! : ( it only fits up to 15.6 laptops . i love this lap desk but it looks like you will have to find a bigger lap desk !
hi dennis . once you get the sheet lined up and it starts to scan , yes , the scanner will feed the paper through all the way to the end . if the paper happens to have any imperfections along the edges , there is a chance that it may get off track and mess up the scanned image . for example , if the paper has been folded , sometimes ( for whatever reason ) , it will get caught up on one of the edges where the fold was . therefore , i often have to guide the paper through to the end to ensure a successful scan . hope that helps !
it works off your computer program , so it depends on the program that you are using .
i use a mac , so i do n't know about that .
you should be able to find and download the drivers from canon 's website but i didnt install it that way .
yes .
it has a programmable phone book that i use for speed dial . it 's quick and convenient
about 1 '' stack off card stock . i have not cut regular paper with it
desk type only . not enough `` cradle '' to hold the receiver when in the upright position . other than that ... ... .great phone . we 've had ours ( 2 of them ) for about 2 years now and super pleased !
my printer recognized it fine . it is still doing great .
hi ! , i have n't used call waiting , so i do n't sure , but the instructions says yes !
the one i ordered is a solid piece of metal . it does n't come apart . i would send it back and order a new one .
yes the base can be mounted
i 'm sorry david i ca n't help you on the number of pages . i just got mine not that long ago and have n't used it that much so i ca n't answer your question . i hope some other customer can answer your question . good luck ! ml
yes . hp60 & hp60xl will work for your model .
the back is not adjustable . the seat is about 20 '' and down . however , the back is very comfortable . i have sciatica , and 2 deteriorating vertibrae . it works well for me . for the other man that ca n't get his arms or back on , you have to squeeze it real tight and stick the screws in first one then the other . do not tighten all the way down till both are in .
yes it does
i think the two items that predicate the quality and longevity of a print are the paper and the ink . i can tell you that on the ink cartridge package for this printer it says `` fade resistant '' `` and vivid color '' . i have no idea what a museum would want . the ink cartridge item # is t1598 for black . all colors are in the `` 159 '' series . you can now look it up on the epson website , or call their customer service.i hope that helps .
you have to press the talk send button first .
it takes a few seconds .
it 's 6 inches tall including the handle and the cups are 3 inches in diameter .
it should work if your using a traditional projector but wo n't work on any tv monitor .
description says 100 cards & 100 pockets . that looks about right although i did n't count them . really decent quality too .
yes
if your printer use the hp60 , the hp60xl will fit , the xl jist means high capacity ( more ink ) , but it is the same size ,
i think it 's only one cartridge size for vector fountain pen ( http : www.amazon.com parker-permanent-cartridges-fountain-3011031pp dp b0017daauo ref=pd_sim_op_3 ? ie=utf8 &refrid; =1hjz13j5x5qxf828xbry ) . medium or fine it 's the size of the nib .
hi richard ! i say use regular stick chalk . remember to treat the board first by lightly chalking over the whole board kind of like an etch-sketch ... ..using chalk lengthwise . this breaks the board surface in . wipe that off and you 're ready to go . wet your chalk by placing it in water for a short time before you use . hairspray lightly sprayed over your final demo will preserve it so it does n't smudge . hope that helps . amy k .
i would recommend only using preformed wrappers . they should slide right into the sorter attachment .
order from universal sewing supply . they have just about all of the dennison barbs at the best price i 've found .
it 's 5 x 7 inches .
comfortably , i can put 3 cc 's , driver 's license and double-folded $ 20 dollar bills ( 2 or more ) in this and it will close . i can `` stuff '' it with a 4th cc and it will close and stay closed but i do n't recommend doing this regularly . or i can remove the cash and it will hold 4 ccs and my license . with the 4th card , you will need to put turn it in the opposite direction and it will close fine .
just the drum unit
yes , you can use this ink for it .
roughly 3 1 2 x 5 1 2 and it takes two aaa batteries
yes . there 's about an inch or so worth of space not covered which is negligible .
no
yes
the protector sleeve will fit all credit card sized cards in it . it 's very heavy duty and may not fit in a wallet or purse slot . the actual outside dimensions are 2.5 '' x 4 '' long and thick . i hope that helps you . r.t .
emergency lights must have a battery source for when the prime power ( hardwire ) is off . this unit has a small rechargeable battery pack included .
no
hi - i 'm sorry but this was a gift for my grandmother and it 's at her house . i will try to measure next time i 'm over there .
yes , 1 bottle per cartridge . gives industry standard 90 grams of toner . ( which is about 90 % of oem )
i do n't know . the web site has a complete list of the printers it will work with . you just need to dig it out .
they are perforated ( both the tickets themselves , and the stubs )
the paper can bleed quite a bit if you 're not careful . it 's really akin to a hardened type of toilet paper ... very absorbent . it will bleed through if you do n't move with the pen fast enough . it is very thick , though . you 'll love it !
yes
100 grams per bottle .
i can send you one to try , but how can i send to u ? the software is about 30m , it seems there ca n't say mail address here my mail is goledgo @ hotmail.com thanks leo
i have them in my daughters room and they are about a half inch thick . a short push pin would work .
i mounted my board using those velcro stickers instead of screws so i would n't put holes in my wall and you can mount it either way then . they 're very sturdy and that way i could take it off the wall when i need to .
yes it is . officially ... it 's from dec. 30 , 2013 to january 4 , 2015 .
the 0.5 is finer than the 0.7
i 've definitely had them over three months ( in the packaging ) , and have had no trouble when i 've popped a new cartridge in the printer . quality is good , longevity is good ... so far , no problems ! when leaving cartridges in the printer for a long period of time , i find that the heads need cleaning because they dry out . even though this uses up ink , the quality afterward is good . i just do a test print when the quality is funky , to identify the trouble cartridge , and then i clean the heads .
we are have the same problem , thats how they make their money
3 inch diameter .
i have no idea . they are small about 5 8 in dia . and seems to take 1 2 lb to pull it apart . as with all velcro it is easier to start at an edge and pull slowly . it could be just an oz to start it this way . i would image if you had a whole bunch of these . it could take as much as 100lbs to pull apart a sq ft of contact area . this is sheer guesswork . i used them to keep objects from sliding around when i accidentally push against the objects .
i 'm on my second pair , and have n't had any trouble . when i first put them in , i get a message that says something like `` these cartridges have been used before '' -- but i just click ok and never see the error again .
i 'm not sure about the brand that you mentioned , but it has worked on my non-oem cartridges .
hp deskjet f4240
i received four with mine .
the bag is just 7 inches long without anything in it -- just depends how bulky the phone is . i have an iphone which fits great -- i use it to carry my phone & it works great
120volt these are made for united states el3ctrical grindi have one of these installed in 20 locations ovef the last 3 years andi have had no problems
yes .
the leather is a sleeve book cover that you slip over another blank journal . amazon has some , as does b and n. you could bring your leather cover with you to make sure it fits . here is the title if the amazon product : journal refill , lined , 256 pages , for 6x8 '' journals , measures 5 '' x 7 1 4 '' by the way , the journal is exquisitely beautiful .
no , it will only cut up to 12 '' , excellent trimer if you can find larger one .
i use draw to fill . you can also use cartridges .
yes , opticbook 3800 book scanner works with windows 8.1. i downloaded the updated driver from plustek support website .
absolutely . i had mine checked with mont blanc . 100 % legitimate
platform is 8 inches by 6 inches .
no , it just gives you the weight , but the usps.com website will give you the postage .
950 is yet black and 951 is for the colors .
the expiration date is 12 2015
no
it is original ( genuine ) hp toner , i use it on my home machine as i work from home - i dont usually buy the after market ones unless the originals are very expensive , however the original ones always last longer . i hope i was able to help you . have a great day , raluca
i was ble to refilled the starter cartridge 5 times using various toner supplier on amazon ! i bought and am currently using a universal cartridge that was about $ 25 for several fills ! i bought a new drum cartridge after almost 14,000 copies ! prints great !
you can program 3 numbers for quick dial ... ...
i never tried it but would expect it to peel up before long . the product is like a bumper sticker .
no ! i do n't know why they show that . it 's small and fits nicely in a pen holder
you do not have to sharpen to a point if you do not want to . you have total control over the amount you want to sharpen the pencil .
it holds the pencil in place , preventing it from turning with the blades . so pull it as far out as it goes , put the pencil in , and instead of holding the pencil in place with your hand , use your hand to stabilize the sharpener while turning the crank .
the clarity does not come with a headset . but , it has a port labeled `` headset '' to accept a headset . you will need to purchase one from a radio shack store or online at amazon or other site .
if this is the model i got , no . only supports one line of service .
it 's light weight painted wood - no slate or metal for the writing surface . : (
lol , i think its magic , i have mine loaded with all manner of stuff , like cds , and what not , and nothing has fallen out yet , the doors are nice and solid too . i love this piece of furniture , for the price .
you have to charge it before using . it comes with a charger . i supplied my own memory card . it may have come with one , but i think i remember it had a small capacity .
mine is attached with about the same amount of desk space and is very stable even though part ( maybe 1 4 ) of the clamp flange is beyond the edge of the desk . since the center of the clamp is under the desk , it works quite well .
you just put the pouches through . basically you turn it on , give a min to heat up , then slip the pouch in . done !
yes it does
can only be 15 ' depth
it is part of the desk .
these comparable cartridges ruined my printer and had to trash it .
yes and no -- had never noticed it til you asked . it does have a small rubber cover boot that can be removed to do a battery replacement . it has a smaller version of the battery you see in many cordless phones . two pin plug , very short wire and battery . seems easy enough to replace . the reason i mention no , is i do n't know if the the rubber cover is designed for constant swaps . nor do i believe it is hot-swappable , meaning the conversation in process is not dropped .
both my husband and i love this phone system . we feel the quality of the speakerphone is excellent , as well as the quality of the reception anywhere in the house .
yes
it does n't fold but it pops off .
mine do n't but you can get them put on the checks .
it works for epson 280 , 260 , and artisan 50. i do n't think it will work for the 1400 , but there are some great youtube videos that give some good info . hope that helps
yes . you just run each page through separately .
i would say about 1x1 or slightly smaller
i use for example 4x6 photo paper with no problems . according the manual you can not use : folded , curled , or wrinkled paper damp paper paper that is too thin ( weighing less than 17 lb ( 64 g m2 ) ) paper that is too thick ( weighing more than 28 lb ( 105 g m2 ) , except for canon genuine paper ) paper thinner than a postcard , including plain paper or notepad paper cut to a small size ( when printing on paper smaller than a5 ) picture postcards postcards affixed with photos or stickers envelopes with a double flap ( or sticker flaps ) envelopes with an embossed or treated surface envelopes whose gummed flaps are already moistened and adhesive any type of paper with holes paper that is not rectangular paper bound with staples or glue paper with adhesives paper decorated with glitter , etc . i use for example 4x6 photo paper with no problems . according the manual you can not use : folded , curled , or wrinkled paper damp paper paper that is too thin ( weighing less than 17 lb ( 64 g m2 ) ) paper that is too thick ( weighing more than 28 lb ( 105 g m2 ) , except for canon genuine paper ) paper thinner than a postcard , including plain paper or notepad paper cut to a small size ( when printing on paper smaller than a5 ) picture postcards postcards affixed with photos or stickers envelopes with a double ... » read more i use for example 4x6 photo paper with no problems . according the manual you can not use : folded , curled , or wrinkled paper damp paper paper that is too thin ( weighing less than 17 lb ( 64 g m2 ) ) paper that is too thick ( weighing more than 28 lb ( 105 g m2 ) , except for canon genuine paper ) paper thinner than a postcard , including plain paper or notepad paper cut to a small size ( when printing on paper smaller than a5 ) picture postcards postcards affixed with photos or stickers envelopes with a double flap ( or sticker flaps ) envelopes with an embossed or treated surface envelopes whose gummed flaps are already moistened and adhesive any type of paper with holes paper that is not rectangular paper bound with staples or glue paper with adhesives paper decorated with glitter , etc . « show less
yes . i use it with mbp and ipad 2 .
no . the maximum width size of the zebra lp2824p is 2.25 inches
they say low odor non toxic on the markers but they do have a slight odor to them . hope this helps .
they are white .
no and it is awful with printing correct colors .
yes , it is .
there does not seem to be a way to load paper into anything but the paper tray . this means the paper has to be pulled through the printer in a tight u paper path , so unless your card stock can bend like that , i do n't think it would work well .
it does a good job on 35mm slides . i scanned about 500 from 50 's and 60 's .
no you can not because the printer needs to be connected to a conputadora by either usb or serial port ...
standard business card dimensions .
it says 100 %
the style i ordered came exactly the same size . there were other sizes and designs i could have chosen . i was pleased with the three badges i ordered .
no sir it does n't .
there is no ink and this is a thermal printer . i 'm not sure on paper roll length but it does take a rather large roll .
that is what i did . the far right set of stickers was slightly off center but it was n't noticeable with the graphic i printed .
have n't had to remove any but in getting one wet it seemed to roll off easily .
yes . the red part of the pad is raised . i still have to use a mouse pad along side of the desk pad..
yes , it is capable of scanning receipts , business cards & greeting cards . the capture perfect software is the fastest scanning and ocr software i have ever worked with and is easy to use .
i 'm running 10.6.8 without problems , so it should work on your mac . when i first got the printer , it did not work properly with the drivers that came with the machine , but epson released an update since then that works perfectly . to be sure , check epson 's website to see if anyone has reported any problems with this model of the printer and your current os .
yes it does ... ..
i have no idea , but it is very sturdy . i have put over 75lbs on it with no problem .
they have manuals on their sometimes confusing site . i seldom print envelopes on this printer as i hate the flimsy paper tray and found paper set up to be a pain . so , i use my hp or canon for envelopes .
nope
the margins are about .5 inch on each side - this is better than others that have 2 inches on each side ...
there are two plastic clips that go into holes in the base . it comes with it apart so you can see how it goes in and come apart . i have not tried to take mine apart . i have 5 of these . also the manual shows the two parts base and feeder .
you will probably have to buy a new printhead . the company misleads customers by advertising that `` you can save on printing and ink . they do n't tell us that it uses both cartridges to print in color and in black only too . if you do n't use it frequently it will start to malfunction . i put a brand new black cartridge in and i barely used it when it malfunctioned because i did n't have a color cartridge . not pleased with this product !
yes it does . i forgot to mention in my review that i use it on my imac .
no you change the cartridges separately -- a long-time user and advocate -- sometimes `` walmart '' carries the original kodak glossy photo paper in 4 x 6 or 8 1 2 x 11 in the copier or stationary aisles -- buy it up when you see it . since the printer is no longer made retailers are no longer carrying the paper and it may soon be out of production . kodak paper and ink give superior prints together . sometimes when plain paper black- and-white prints seem `` patchy '' or `` faded '' you need to try the `` color '' print button not the `` black '' print button . in time the printers do wear and can no longer be repaired because replacement parts are no longer being manufactured for this discontinued gem of a printer . enjoy -- crl no you change the cartridges separately -- a long-time user and advocate -- sometimes `` walmart '' carries the original kodak glossy photo paper in 4 x 6 or 8 1 2 x 11 in the copier or stationary aisles -- buy it up when you see it . since the printer is no longer made retailers are no longer carrying the paper and it may soon be out of production . kodak paper and ink give superior prints together . sometimes when plain paper black- and-white prints seem `` patchy '' or `` faded '' you need to try the `` color '' print button not the `` black '' print button . in ... » read more no you change the cartridges separately -- a long-time user and advocate -- sometimes `` walmart '' carries the original kodak glossy photo paper in 4 x 6 or 8 1 2 x 11 in the copier or stationary aisles -- buy it up when you see it . since the printer is no longer made retailers are no longer carrying the paper and it may soon be out of production . kodak paper and ink give superior prints together . sometimes when plain paper black- and-white prints seem `` patchy '' or `` faded '' you need to try the `` color '' print button not the `` black '' print button . in time the printers do wear and can no longer be repaired because replacement parts are no longer being manufactured for this discontinued gem of a printer . enjoy -- crl « show less
no
try holding the off button several seconds to turn it completely off . then restart your computer and then turn the printer back on . hope this works for you . i ca n't wait til i can afford to buy a new one .
it feeds from the tray .
yes it does , lasts for a reasonable amount of time and here is where i buy more : http : www.private.abacus24-7.com search-by-device.aspx ? catid=1 &subcat; =27
i checked brother 's web site because i also wanted to know about this feature , and this printer does reduce enlarge , from 25 % to 400 % of the original size .
the length ( running across ) is approx 15 '' and the width ( front to back ) is 11 '' + . it 's big enough that i put a tv tray on it to better support what i 've placed on top . it 's a great little cart . i 'm limited with my bathroom space so it 's got all of my hair products , extra medications and toiletries , make up and just tons of stuff . the one thing to remember if you purchase is to be very careful when opening the drawers..they are heavy duty cloth and could tip out..never happened to me but it could .
yes , they can be used with an inkjet printers . one thing to watch is whether you 're ordering them to go face up or face down in the paper tray . if you order them for face down , they reverse the order of the check numbers so they print consecutively
this product is for usa and canada only - it will not operate worldwide .
the one i received came in a clear plastic box , similar to the one a toothbrush would come in .
international cartridges .
book repair tape is thicker than the paper used to make lanterns . it is mostly used to fix spine issues on books . i would instead look into mending tissue ( another bookbinding product ) , or depending on how severe the issue is another type of thin , flexible tape . hope that helps !
1 time use only .
we have samples available to send so you can see the true color , if you are interested . each device will have different color due to resolution differences so that is a difficult question to answer . this one is quite dark .
hi , sorry for this late response but i wanted to check it by myself with my printer.personally i scan my document using microsoft `` paint '' and it is only a picture application.you can save your document in several format but none in text format.by definition a scanner is supposed to produce images and unless you use a optical character recognition software i do n't think that you will make it.i am sorry , i afraid that i was not very helpful but it is only what i can tell you for now.however i am going to poke around , if i can find out something i will inform you.have a good daymb hi , sorry for this late response but i wanted to check it by myself with my printer.personally i scan my document using microsoft `` paint '' and it is only a picture application.you can save your document in several format but none in text format.by definition a scanner is supposed to produce images and unless you use a optical character recognition software i do n't think that you will make it.i am sorry , i afraid that i was not very helpful but it is only what i can tell you for now.however i am going to poke around , if i can find out something i ... » read more hi , sorry for this late response but i wanted to check it by myself with my printer.personally i scan my document using microsoft `` paint '' and it is only a picture application.you can save your document in several format but none in text format.by definition a scanner is supposed to produce images and unless you use a optical character recognition software i do n't think that you will make it.i am sorry , i afraid that i was not very helpful but it is only what i can tell you for now.however i am going to poke around , if i can find out something i will inform you.have a good daymb « show less
i put them on a ped and post like in a bass boat
yes it 's very easy to use . you can make your folders and names
yes it is flexible
yes on both
pen is silver , not the ink
i believe only with a pc attached ( wirelessly or otherwise ) and the pc does the emailing . printer wo n't send emails stand-alone
it does n't speak .
the print quality is as good as one should expect from an oem and yield is also on par with my expectations . i do n't have the exact number of page counts per cartridge as i have n't kept track using the printer settings , but perhaps i should to see how close i can get to the 2100 sheet claim .
yes and no there is n't any thing special you need . ps : this is one of the best printers i have had .
i just read this post from the product review section on amazon from `` traveler '' . hope this section of his review helps with your problem as well.djupdate january 23 , 2012 : after over 5 hours with the hp help center , not arriving at a solution to the printing errors and scanning problems , i was ready to return the printer to hp . however , i persevered . the printing was perfect as long as i did not let the error messages bother me . the scanner was not functional . then a few days ago , i came up with an idea . ipv6 has been in the news lately due to the lack of internet addresses under ipv4 . i wondered if my laptop and desktop were using the same ip versions . sue enough , the laptop that did not have problems was using ipv4 and the desktop had ipv4 and ipv6 activated . so , i disabled ipv6 . ever since , the printing errors have disappeared and the scanning functions perfectly ! yeah ! i am not ready to declare 'victory ' yet , but after a few days , everything is still good . so , i will raise the product rating from 3 to 4. too bad that the hp help center and their diagnostic software could not have saved me so many hours of frustration . i just read this post from the product review section on amazon from `` traveler '' . hope this section of his review helps with your problem as well.djupdate january 23 , 2012 : after over 5 hours with the hp help center , not arriving at a solution to the printing errors and scanning problems , i was ready to return the printer to hp . however , i persevered . the printing was perfect as long as i did not let the error messages bother me . the scanner was not functional . then a few days ago , i came up with an idea . ipv6 has been in the news lately due to ... » read more i just read this post from the product review section on amazon from `` traveler '' . hope this section of his review helps with your problem as well.djupdate january 23 , 2012 : after over 5 hours with the hp help center , not arriving at a solution to the printing errors and scanning problems , i was ready to return the printer to hp . however , i persevered . the printing was perfect as long as i did not let the error messages bother me . the scanner was not functional . then a few days ago , i came up with an idea . ipv6 has been in the news lately due to the lack of internet addresses under ipv4 . i wondered if my laptop and desktop were using the same ip versions . sue enough , the laptop that did not have problems was using ipv4 and the desktop had ipv4 and ipv6 activated . so , i disabled ipv6 . ever since , the printing errors have disappeared and the scanning functions perfectly ! yeah ! i am not ready to declare 'victory ' yet , but after a few days , everything is still good . so , i will raise the product rating from 3 to 4. too bad that the hp help center and their diagnostic software could not have saved me so many hours of frustration . « show less
it 's 950 for black and white
the auto-feed tray has an adjustable mechanism to keep a stack of documents aligned for sequential pick up of both single and double-sided documents . the capability to auto-feed works for copying , scanning , and faxing . the specifications for the pro 8600 premium indicates that the tray has a 50-sheet capacity . i think the quantity is for `` regular '' printer paper and not for photo paper . photo paper may stick to other photos and to the auto-feed mechanism too so exercise care in its use or manually load on the flat panel for more precious or delicate photos .
yes
that seems to be the only way to do it . it come with a refillable cartridge . be sure to get good ink . i was using private reserve and it was beginning to clog my pens because of the amount of dye material . herbst and chesterfield are very good . i write exclusively in brown .
it has a usb interface to a pc . it is not a network scanner . you can set it to auto save scans to a network drive mount on the connected pc .
yes this printer is wireless and works with 64bit windows 7
lexmark factory packed . cartridges work great ...
i 'm not sure how many will fit but we have about 20 .
that depends on the tv 's resolution . it looks fine on mime .
a normal 8 1 2 x 11. you are limited in width but not length . just change the orientation of your scanner .
yes .
i do n't feel like i can answer your question honestly i have no way to compare them together . i can say i 'm happy with the brothers the ink is a big part do n't use much and they are less expensive compared to some of the other printers and ink i have purchased .
9 cart total all 80ml = t5801 , t5802 , t580a , t5804 , t5805 , t580b , t5807 , t5808 , t5809
564
nope , but it 's a darn good printer as far as everything else
had to get rid of ours ... to much drama
yes , this printer is compatible with windows 7. it may seem difficult to deal with but the help action with the officejet 4500 is very good . use it if you get stuck .
i would not call it a `` pull out '' basket . the bin is a separate piece from the shredder . the shredding unit sits on top of the bin , and will not operate unless it is firmly in place . to empty the bin you have to lift the shredder off the top . it is quite top-heavy , and a bit cumbersome , and it 's hard not to get tiny shreds of paper all over . i think this is pretty standard for shredders like this in general . i usually unplug it and take the whole thing into the garage to empty it . in fact , i put the whole thing bin and all into a plastic garbage bag before i separate the two parts , so the confetti is contained in the bag . i would not call it a `` pull out '' basket . the bin is a separate piece from the shredder . the shredding unit sits on top of the bin , and will not operate unless it is firmly in place . to empty the bin you have to lift the shredder off the top . it is quite top-heavy , and a bit cumbersome , and it 's hard not to get tiny shreds of paper all over . i think this is pretty standard for shredders like this in general . i usually unplug it and take the whole thing into the garage to empty it . in fact , i put the whole thing bin and all into a plastic garbage bag before i separate the two parts , ... » read more i would not call it a `` pull out '' basket . the bin is a separate piece from the shredder . the shredding unit sits on top of the bin , and will not operate unless it is firmly in place . to empty the bin you have to lift the shredder off the top . it is quite top-heavy , and a bit cumbersome , and it 's hard not to get tiny shreds of paper all over . i think this is pretty standard for shredders like this in general . i usually unplug it and take the whole thing into the garage to empty it . in fact , i put the whole thing bin and all into a plastic garbage bag before i separate the two parts , so the confetti is contained in the bag . « show less
the m551n is not capable of duplex printing . only the m551dn and the m551xh are capable of duplex printing .
yes , it handles card stock and glossy card stock
absolutely ! they feel like normal paper on the front , so markers , pens or even crayons would be fine to use . depending on the age group of the kids , you may have to help them peel the back off if they make shapes and cut their sticker out . have fun !
in front of printer open the middle where it says brother . pull out old cartridge and just slide innew cartridge . instructions are shown
when you buy it , it does come with both black and color ink . but it 's said that the ink that comes with printers is not as long lasting as the ink you buy in the stores ... so it wo n't be long before you are buying some
this is a great printer , more than worth the price . it comes with ink . that 's about it . if you 're hoping for a usb cable , sorry ; not happening . regardless , this is my 6th pixma printer ( long story ) and it 's exponentially better than previous models . just no ubs .
yes , the machine comes with software to create and print barcodes
yes , the unit is very adjustable . there are less expensive alternatives if you will only be using it while sitting .
a little over a foot long wide .
the bracket itself is in two pieces , and bolted together through two holes . there are three different hole positions that allow you to expand the width of the bracket . the center holes on the bracket provide an opening of 3.5 '' . however , the screw bolt takes up ~ 1 2 '' of that leaving you with 3 '' . the holes are 1 '' apart , so if you use the last set of holes you should have room to spare .
it depends on how much printing you do . you 'll see on the product description an estimate of the number of pages it will print . the capacity of these , i believe , does diminish as they get older and the ink dries out a bit .
yes
i bought the # 10 envelop attachment , the hp ce399a , which holds 75 envelopes . the manual bypass can handle maybe 10 envelopes . i do n't believe the built in trays work with envelopes . at least i could n't get that to work .
yes starter
yes .
no . i normally only replace my black catridge .
i believe your right , i would check the price on both and also the read the pkg of contents .
i also purchased this product and had no problems with the cartridges . i am getting quality color and black white copies . i previously purchased cartridges from other generic manufacturers and did not get the same quality . this product will be my second choice to manufacture 's product ( lexmark ) . also , i do n't think you will find a more reason price generic that will produce the same quality as this product .
yes it should work
yes , it does print double sided .
hi anne , i have never counted how many pages it prints . i use it for printing product labels . i will say that i get a lot more printing out of the cartridges for this printer ... and much better color quality , than i did on my expensive hp . i will never buy hp again . i am very happy with this ink and how much more i can get from the cartridges . these cartridges go down to the very last drop too . it can show them being empty and i will try to squeeze out what i can ... and it will continue to print until there is nothing left to give . : )
ethernet
does for me .
yes
top tilted . what ever you see from the picture .
not that i 'm aware of . it only counts the number of bills , not the denomination .
yes it will . i have the canon mg5320 model . i bought these ink cartridges to replace the empty ones , they have been working quite nicely . i 'll purchase them again when i run out of these . hope this will help you .
i do n't see why it could n't , as long as you wrench down the clamping nuts ( bolts ? ) pretty tightly .
yes , the base unit does
they need a custom injector .
it will depend on the printer speed but there is no speed rating for envelope printing .
yes
i do n't have any problem here
just with android , i dint know about apple ios
yes , quite smoothly .
max copying speed up to 21 ppm ( mono ) up to 21 ppm ( color ) max copying resolution up to 600 x 600 dpi ( mono ) up to 600 x 600 dpi ( color ) max printing speed up to 21 ppm ( mono ) up to 21 ppm ( color ) max printing resolution up to 2400 x 600 dpi ( mono ) up to 2400 x 600 dpi ( color )
this has 15 per page , so 30 total ( 6 subject ) . sounds like you want their 8 subject planner .
no there more like a hard plastic hinges with a rod through them
i have noticed the quality is not as good . there is a general grayness to the page like there is a light dusting of toner on the whole page .
we can arrange for shipping to arrive on 9 9 14 or in the couple of days following
it works well with qbo - i used chrome osx macbook
yes , but you may have to trim the marker holder . it will be too long for the vertical span .
they are a bit smaller but perfect for holding money .
hi-yes , it does . we had to return ours because of broken , cheap plastic piece ... but is n't everything these days ? i do n't find fault with them . they were very nice about it . and their prices are great .
i tried replacing the scanner with an orbital one , and i must have spent about 4 hours trying all kinds of programming combinations ( the 'obvious ' ones suggested by the scanner manufacturer did not work ) , and i never got any scans to go through . the scanner would beep , but it seems the speed the transmission to the cash register were too high , so it never picked it up . plugged the original one back in , and i have been using it ever since . make sure , if you do go ahead with this , that the scanner you get is an rs232 compatible ( direct plug or adapter ) . i have since decided to purchase a full pos system and was waiting for the slow season to implement it . the money you save is just not worth the trouble you get with this archaic system ... i tried replacing the scanner with an orbital one , and i must have spent about 4 hours trying all kinds of programming combinations ( the 'obvious ' ones suggested by the scanner manufacturer did not work ) , and i never got any scans to go through . the scanner would beep , but it seems the speed the transmission to the cash register were too high , so it never picked it up . plugged the original one back in , and i have been using it ever since . make sure , if you do go ahead with this , that the scanner you get is an rs232 compatible ( direct plug or adapter ) . i have since decided to purchase a full ... » read more i tried replacing the scanner with an orbital one , and i must have spent about 4 hours trying all kinds of programming combinations ( the 'obvious ' ones suggested by the scanner manufacturer did not work ) , and i never got any scans to go through . the scanner would beep , but it seems the speed the transmission to the cash register were too high , so it never picked it up . plugged the original one back in , and i have been using it ever since . make sure , if you do go ahead with this , that the scanner you get is an rs232 compatible ( direct plug or adapter ) . i have since decided to purchase a full pos system and was waiting for the slow season to implement it . the money you save is just not worth the trouble you get with this archaic system ... « show less
yes
i do n't print huge amounts per day , some days a couple of pages , others a few dozens , mosty web pages or word documents . i bought this last year and the only one i had to replace was the black , about 1 month ago . it complained about it for maybe 1 1 2 month but i just took it out and shook it and put it back in until it really was empty . compaired to ink , toner is 1000 % less expensive . as for the colors , it recently started to complain about the yellow , but i suspect it will last many more months . so far i only used the cartridge that come with the printer , except for the black i just started . i 'm pretty sure to save money they do n't fill those to their fullest , so i would say a cartridge is at least good for 2,500 pages of text . if all you print are pictures , it wo n't be as many , but it will be a lot more than with an ink printer.the only reason someone might prefer an ink printer is if the picture will be placed against plastic . toner has a tendency to unstick from the paper and stick to the plastic . it has always done that btw , not just with this printer . in my case , i gave my ink printers away to goodwill . they cost me more in ink than the printers themselves . which is why when i saw this color toner printer at that price , i grabbed it . plus it 's a multi-function . it does copies so good that i had to put a mark on the back of the original to recognize it from the copy . the document feeder works well , and you can use it to feed the copier , not just the fax . i did not scan much with it , but it scanned well . it does scan to ocr , but none of them do a great job , particularly when there are some very small fonts . but what is does is still better than having to type the whole thing . i do n't print huge amounts per day , some days a couple of pages , others a few dozens , mosty web pages or word documents . i bought this last year and the only one i had to replace was the black , about 1 month ago . it complained about it for maybe 1 1 2 month but i just took it out and shook it and put it back in until it really was empty . compaired to ink , toner is 1000 % less expensive . as for the colors , it recently started to complain about the yellow , but i suspect it will last many more months . so far i only used the cartridge that come with the printer , except for the black i just ... » read more i do n't print huge amounts per day , some days a couple of pages , others a few dozens , mosty web pages or word documents . i bought this last year and the only one i had to replace was the black , about 1 month ago . it complained about it for maybe 1 1 2 month but i just took it out and shook it and put it back in until it really was empty . compaired to ink , toner is 1000 % less expensive . as for the colors , it recently started to complain about the yellow , but i suspect it will last many more months . so far i only used the cartridge that come with the printer , except for the black i just started . i 'm pretty sure to save money they do n't fill those to their fullest , so i would say a cartridge is at least good for 2,500 pages of text . if all you print are pictures , it wo n't be as many , but it will be a lot more than with an ink printer.the only reason someone might prefer an ink printer is if the picture will be placed against plastic . toner has a tendency to unstick from the paper and stick to the plastic . it has always done that btw , not just with this printer . in my case , i gave my ink printers away to goodwill . they cost me more in ink than the printers themselves . which is why when i saw this color toner printer at that price , i grabbed it . plus it 's a multi-function . it does copies so good that i had to put a mark on the back of the original to recognize it from the copy . the document feeder works well , and you can use it to feed the copier , not just the fax . i did not scan much with it , but it scanned well . it does scan to ocr , but none of them do a great job , particularly when there are some very small fonts . but what is does is still better than having to type the whole thing . « show less
this printer will work with any wireless router
if you buy refill ink it comes with a syringe and a needle put it in the top hole of the cartridge
i 've used mine at work everyday for the past three months and it has n't run out of ink yet .
yes , i have two quickens , my personal one and a non-profit i do work for . they are easy to adjust to your printer and work beautifully .
they are top loading .
i have not used the avery labels as the cost is prohibitive in comparison to these . these will not completely obscure an old label ( if you look closely , you 'll be able to tell it 's there ) , but the old label will not be legible and will not interfere with reading scanning the new label . old label is n't even noticeable at a glance .
you can send us a message through amazon after purchase with the customization , or we will contact you after the order is received requesting customization . thank you , lauren
this is metal and has plastic handles . i have had this a long time and i 'm not disappointed ! it looks much better in person than in the photo , too .
yes
yes , you take the setting off fo auto print then you are able to print what you want .
i think the squeeze convertor from pilot would be ok , since i use a pilot cart in mine , and the two are the same size . good luck . this is a wonderful pen i have given to many people , and they all love it and come back for more , even non-fp people .
hi..no they are not sharpened.. you can buy the sharpener from palomino seller . thanks..
no sir . it is fixed .
no it does n't . just headphones and usb port . hope this help
about 18mm
it is 21 '' long , 13 '' wide and 8 '' tall . height is adjustable . my recommendation is not to waste your money on this contraption . i have glued almost every part back together at once , and the last straw is when the fan wire came off and i would have to go to lots of trouble to try to rewire it . i am sorry i bought . hate to be a spoiler , but do n't want anyone else to waste their time and money .
if your pen is a t-ball jotter it should fit .
i do n't know , sorry
toner is not a liquid , it is a powder . if there is a date is not something that is valid to worry about .
yes - that is how i am using it - i love the little bugger - however if what you are working on needs security - this is not the answer . hope this helps .
not sure , sorry !
no , i think that you just 2 dimensions code can read with it . i will try and get back to you with more information about it .
as far as i am concerned the wireless on this printer is a very weak point . i 'm sure it will work well if it connects . i have an hp tower computer that it will not connect to . hp techs took over control of my machine and in 2.5 hrs cound not make it work . good news for you is i have an ipad and it does connect with it , go figure . so , it should work , but if you want 100 % assurance i can not give you that .
i really ca n't answer that question . i just know i have a hp6600 printer and it seems like i have to replace the cartridges too often . if one runs out of ink i have to replace it in order to print . i am looking to sell it and get just a black and white printer that uses toner .
take a 5 lb sledge hammer to it . i bought one and its a piece of junk . i have since thrown it out after less than one year of use .
yes . once the first file is saved to a specific folder , the scanner defaults the image to save to that folder the next time , and will point to that folder until you navigate to save the image to a different folder . i like programming the `` scan '' button to scan using the pdf scanner driver ( go to control panel > > devices and printers > > right click the fujitsu scanner > > properties ) .
not a printer , just a scanner .
go to office supply store & see what type of label you want . there 's a number on the label container which you would use in whatever word program you are using . for microsoft word go to mailings-labels-options enter in that label # in the appropriate section & hit new document . you can then format whatever text you want in the label .
no idea . works ok on windows .
not sure -- by comparison , of course in my opinion , this paper is more like stampin-up whisper white . it is n't as heavy as papertreyink or ginia k 's 110 lb cardstock.this paper is about the same weight as a good index card : - (
the remote works the power point on the laptop . if you have a projector connected it will do one or both however you set it up .
yes you can , i have that printer and it was very easy to install and use .
the hardware can come off completely . the glass will just have 4 holes in the corners where the hardware would have gone .
yes you can scan to your computer when the ink has run out .
yes .
yes
purchased as a gift for someone else . have no idea .
with the seat set at it 's lowest position and the armrests at they 're lowest setting , it is 2 feet and 3 inches ( 27inches ) lowest seat position with the armrests set to they 're highest position is 29 1 2 inches how this is helpful .
automatically setted up for samsung note 2 ( personal case ) . nothing required .
you get 2 units w 3 drawers each
25 1 2 '' high by 20 '' wide by 15 1 2 '' deep
from the floor to the lowest edge of the surface , 32 ''
according to the staples website and two other vendors that i found through google , a samsung mlt-d101s toner cartridge is compatible with the ml-2160 laser printer .
yes , as long as the imac has the vesa style mount on its backside . for newer imacs , you must special order the computer as having a vesa mount . most new imacs have a non-removable stand arm ( w o vesa mount ) . the m8 monitor arm is compatible with old imacs as long as you also use the vesa adapter , available from the apple store , and unscrew the stand arm prior to installing the adapter and m8 monitor arm .
with my bible inside it is 10-1 2 '' wide , 8-1 4 '' high and 2-3 4 '' thick , it has an outside pocket for pens , etc . i love it .
hp 305 - it takes 4 cartridges - very expensive - over $ 400 ! lasts a long time . i think the printer came with the ink and i have not bought any replacements after a couple of years . but i do n't really do a massive amount of printing . i also bought this printer in amazon warehouse deals - saved some money and the box had never been opened .
we use the printer on a home network with an imac , 2 pc 's , 2 ipads ( air printing ) and no problems at all .
it 's a starter ink . so they are n't completely full . u should def buy back ups
yes , you just need to remember which one you are using and identify it . otherwise , you sit there like a dummy wondering why nothing is printing ... .lol . not that i am saying i have done that ... ..however ... ok , i have .
the black color is from a black cartridge and can print black only if necessary
yes . it either has to be connected through wireless or a standard usb printer cable .
it comes with a disc that has the drivers and the the software for the scanner and fax . scanner software is a little cumbersome but it works good
yes
the large bottom drawer is for hanging files .
no . it wo n't take anything wider than 8 1 2 inches .
it is 23x29 inches . its a lot of work to fill out but helpful & appreciated by others .
if it is a clear slide it is a clear pic , the iphone can only take what it sees . just how good we 're those slide taking cameras anyway ? so far i have been satisfied but not excited . for the money , it still is a good buy .
works great for receipts and everything else .
do not need scanner
we have been successful with slides , and there is a 35mm tray for negatives , but i do not believe they accommodate 110 negs .
there is a small hole on the bottom of the phone that looks like it could accommodate a headset jack , but it 's not really clear that 's what it is , and there is no mention of it in the instruction manual , so i 'm going to say `` no '' in answer to your question .
medium .
it worked perfect until we updated to ios8 . now we can not get it to work . we have not tried it with ios8.1
yes adam , you can scam multiple pages to a single file with the auto doc feed feature . by the way , this is the best printed i ever had by far , its fast , quiet , powerful
no but i have completely given up on getting this to print wirelessly . it connects when you set it up , then it does n't recognize it . that part of this printer is useless .
see http : www.usa.canon.com cusa support consumer printers_multifunction pixma_mg_series pixma_mg3520 # driversandsoftware
yes ... .and it is an awesome chair . very comfortable .
no i do n't think it will work . good luck .
i own this phone and it would be difficult to hang any of the units on the wall.they seem to do better on a flat surface .
yes , i would rate it as good in that department . also , the buttons on this model are slightly larger than the buttons on my older panasonic phone .
there is a headphone jack . i would guess this is compatible with the panasonic wired headset , however , i have not used a headset .
should , i have a iphone 5 , and you can add as many hand sets is my understanding i have 4 extra handsets . i love this and asked for it in my divorce ..
no , you have to scan each side .
you can load your scanned document directly to your computer
hi ronni , yes it does , mentioned outside the retail box as well as on the included mac cd .
no , it does not ; just the display in either english or spanish
no , more like a hard bound book .
on the box it states : item size : 7.84 '' x 5.67 '' x 2.28 '' .
it is very light weight i struggles with card stock , so i would say no .
yes . a similar amazon listing has the dimensions of these rolls fitting the first data fd400.link : 50 receipt paper rolls for first data fd400 and nurit 8000 credit card terminals
comes with a bracket that screws to monitor . then that brackets slides onto stand .
it depends on you monitor . it needs to have the correct type of mounting for the ergotron .
it is supposed to
i am sure it can be matched . i would just contact the seller , they were great with me !
that is what i got .
yes , you can scan any size copy . you may have to make more than one pass . for instance you can scan the 11x17 copy by making two passes , going horizontally rather than vertically .
slanted diagonally ? hrm ... . i dunno ... . yes the speaker shelves do rotate ... . i suppose it would depend on how big the overall measurements are of the monitors
yes .
not too large like 2 x 3 . definitely for home use not for someone planning on heavy shredding
a toner comes with the printer but it prints only 500 pages because the ink inside ( that tonner ) is less than half ( of normal ) .
this page has all your answers ... http : www.spacepen.com cartridge.aspx
no it does not . just checked . otherwise it 's great . i 'm really happy with it ; the speaker is terrific .
i checked the user 's guide , and it states that you can order a wall-mount bracket from www.uniden.com . it can also be used with a standard 2.5mm telephone headset . the features are amazing for the price , and makes me wonder why my husband 's hearing aids cost so much ! ellen
i do n't think so - the charger sits on a flat surface with the phone upright like it is in the photo .
no
yes
yes it can .. i looked in there manual , and they show you how to do it . i 'm very satisfied with this phone . i keep it on my desk and use the speaker all the time .
50 per pack
the answer is yes . the stand is perfect for overlapping the bezels .
due to the case size i would n't do the handle bit but it might be fun to try .
yes it does . the document feeder is duplex , as is the printer . you can scan or print full duplex .
i am not sure , but i know that i am not light around 190 pounds and it holds me easy . it is very solid .
you just pick up a regular phone and dial . there is a standard dial tone and you dial just like any landline . setup is fast and easy .
when it works , it works fine . it broke down on me , again , on sunday . spent 2 hours trying to find out where the part came from that was inside the paper feeder area . did n't show on any schematics . if you can find an alternate printer by a different manufacturer , i would get it . i wo n't ever buy another hp printer again . no help from seller or from manufacturer , a lot of wasted time and a repair call needed from my repair technician .
i have been able to print from my android phone and my ipad and i am a techtard
it does indeed have front load .
approximately 18 x 8.5 ; first step up height =9 inches ; 2nd = about 17.5 inches
it came with them on it . they would have to be cut of . i 'm sure how stable it would be without the wheels . the base would tip easy i think
yes it will . i actually use 2 monitors and bought 2 of these and they work well .
beautifully
you need something to display the images from your computer onto the screen ! the nowboard components make it interactive .
they are the second dimensions . do n't know where they got 4 x,1x 1. they are a perfect size for name badges and have excellent magnets .
sorry i do not know ... i sent this as a gift to my daughter in law that lives in florida but she says she absolutely loves it and has never had such a nice journal .
newsoft is n't a question .
24x40x24 is accurate . these were so awesome for when i moved . held a ton of my clothes , sturdy , and i even put my pillows inside since i had the extra room and i did n't have to show them in a bag . lol . great purchase - worth every penny . if i was n't moving into a manhattan size apt in manhattan , i would 've kept them . recommended . hands down . i hope this helped . gd luck with your move : )
press shift then set up then press the button with the arrow pointing downwards .
not it is not , and this entire desk chair is absolutely terrible !
there is no toner odor
i remove the cartridge and give it a good shake . this usually adds about 100 more good pages .
i 've used it only a couple of times but love it . i had it running quite a while so it had opportunity to over heat but it did n't .
very good
the first cartridge did not work . as a result i looked up a way on youtube to reset the original cartridge for continued use . in the mean time the folks at cartitech asked me to return the faulty cartridge . at the same time cartitech sent me a replacement cartridge and responded promptly with sincere interest to my emails . the replacement cartridge is waiting until the reset original cartridge quits . we do n't print a lot so this could be a couple of months . in my opinion cartitech seems very interested in providing quality products . i think you can rely on them to provide a good product . i probably got a dud . they went out of their way to get a replacement to me . i feel they are trustworthy . the first cartridge did not work . as a result i looked up a way on youtube to reset the original cartridge for continued use . in the mean time the folks at cartitech asked me to return the faulty cartridge . at the same time cartitech sent me a replacement cartridge and responded promptly with sincere interest to my emails . the replacement cartridge is waiting until the reset original cartridge quits . we do n't print a lot so this could be a couple of months . in my opinion cartitech seems very interested in providing quality products . i think you can rely ... » read more the first cartridge did not work . as a result i looked up a way on youtube to reset the original cartridge for continued use . in the mean time the folks at cartitech asked me to return the faulty cartridge . at the same time cartitech sent me a replacement cartridge and responded promptly with sincere interest to my emails . the replacement cartridge is waiting until the reset original cartridge quits . we do n't print a lot so this could be a couple of months . in my opinion cartitech seems very interested in providing quality products . i think you can rely on them to provide a good product . i probably got a dud . they went out of their way to get a replacement to me . i feel they are trustworthy . « show less
yes it is for 4530 , also for 4020 .
you can store up to 99 names and # 's
my pen 's ink flows very well . you have to use it nearly every day or the ink flow will be sluggish.i sometimes place it point side down with the cap on for few minutes and this will usually return a good flow . also , you can dip the point in a bottle of fountain pen ink and his will get it going immediately .
yes , i have used those in a few of my fountain pens . they do carry different sizes . the cartridge must have a snug , tight fit where the ink goes into the fountain pen ; and test it by writing on a piece of paper several times ; checking for any leakage of ink where the cartridge connects with the pen . use this rule of thumb for all cartridges that are not carried by the brand named pen . hopefully this helps . enjoy your fountain pens !
the only thing that i have found really works is dry erase board cleaner and paper towels .
just measured and it is 8 1 4 x 10 3 4
it is not very loud even turned up to the highest setting .
without the main component , or base station , the satellite phones will not work . you have to register the satellite phones to the base station . i suspect you have n't done that . i have one base station and six satellites in my home and all work just fine .
the cable is just as it shows on the amazon picture .
yes but thr cordless phone is horrible . would not reccomend
this phone will work from 1 to 4 lines . the lines only go into the main phone . the rest of the phones connect to the local area network . if you are looking for a good conventionally wired telephone , buy the at &t; 1070 telephone .
go to setting and disable the verbal caller id .
yes , when ringing the panels lights up .
oldest to newest .
if you have landline it will work , but if it goes through internet wireless service it will not work
there are about 10 different ringtones to choose from . some more annoying than others . i chose the more subtle rings . one for my cell phone , another for my home line so i know which phone is ringing . you can also adjust the volume of the rings . hope this helps .
i would think so . our corded phones are dect 6.0 so as long as its the same system i do n't see why it would n't work . but i would call uniden and double check . hope this helps .
you need to select a voip provider to supply service to these phones .
not sure if it has that capability , i usually type in a word and some phrases sentences are with the definitions . i still have n't explored all the options yet .
halfway up like a tab thats how all sticky notes are . : - )
yes
no . just power .
do n't buy this printer , the wireless function always turns off the router . if you want to do wireless i think you have to go a little higher end . other than that the printer is fine . i believe it does do legal sized paper as well .
it 's somewhat thin but durable ... .thinner than bubble wrap .
correct .. you do not need a computer but merely a dsl cable internet connection ... however , internet speed needs to be decent ... i.e . 3kb down and 1 up ... . otherwise your conversation will not be clear ... winderful phone
you could but not recommended you need a specific temperature for the substrate . iron press is the way to go and you need sublijet inks and polyester substrate
ca n't say for 380 , i am 345 and it supports with no problems , also this is a very tall cylinder , i am 6'4 and keep it on the lowest setting possible . so if it does blow out it is still usable , i have had mine for about a year i think .
i would say yes , you would just have to cut through the fabric liner on the bottom of the base which covers the holes . basically just pierce right through it with whatever screw you 're using to secure the stand to your cart .
hello ! regular printer usb cable : standard end to your computer and square end to the printer .
these are not soft rubber , they are plastic . i am not sure on the length , but i 'm guessing 3-4 ''
i would assume the answer is yes since you save your scanned images on a sd card and then transfer them to your computer .
they are included
yes , it will work with existing phones .
you need to install the twain driver and unless you use other software then you can use the software that came with the scanner . the driver should have been supplied on a cd or you can download it for the model scanner .
i do n't remember if they came in a box or not but i can weigh the units themselves when i get back to work tomorrow .
i do believe it will . i have the mfc8710dw and this is the correct toner . it 's the size for the newer models , so i think this is correct
i have no idea ... get an adapter ?
i have never put a thermometer to mine to check , but i am able to handle the finished product after a few seconds without burning my fingers .
you can definitely trim closer to the item you laminated . personally , i go to about 1 8 of an inch away when laminating normal pieces of paper ( in terms of thickness ) . you could conceivably arrange several items in one larger laminating envelope and then cut them apart , as long as you leave at least 1 4 '' between them.once you laminate the object you will be able to clearly see where the sheet is melted completely and thereby determine where you can trim closer . hope this helps !
yes , the boxes are great .
you have to be sure the device is off , and the device will hold charge .
yes they are
not in the sense that google voice can be your voip provider , as far as i know . if you have a us number , you can use google voice to forward calls , record messages and what not . however , your voip provider may already do this - i 'm using phone.com with my a510ip , and i 'm quite happy with the features it provides .
it 's very light , maybe 3 pounds empty ? much lighter than it looks .
the shelves are adjustable so you decide what space you want using about 1 inch intervals along the uprights . mine are about 13 inches . i love mine . it moves so easily and is really a good , heavy duty moveable shelf unit .
same issue with ours ; i wonder if the evaporate or just set to warn at 1 3 empty ( or such ) to push new carts .
makes it taller by approximately 5 1 4 inches
yes it does
i do n't know what the differences are between the 95 and the 475 but what i do know is that as nice as a unit as the franklin is , is that this unit is a battery hog when you use the audio feature . two aaa batteries will only power the audio feature for four to six hours then continue to power the text bible for a few days . if you are wanting it for the audio feature as i did i recommend getting rechargeable batteries . it 'll still go through the batteries but you wo n't be buying new batteries every week or so . i replaced this unit with another brand called the nowbible color . it has audio & text bible ( kjv ) , it plays music and mp4 & windows media format videos plus a pda . it has an on board but replaceable rechargeable battery and mini sd memory card slot . it recharges via power cord or usb from a computer . the usb also allows you at access the on board memory . it also is a touch screen . the franklin is a very good unit but i 've found the nowbible to be more versatile and is not a battery hog . i found the nowbible on line for just under one hundred dollars . i do n't know what the differences are between the 95 and the 475 but what i do know is that as nice as a unit as the franklin is , is that this unit is a battery hog when you use the audio feature . two aaa batteries will only power the audio feature for four to six hours then continue to power the text bible for a few days . if you are wanting it for the audio feature as i did i recommend getting rechargeable batteries . it 'll still go through the batteries but you wo n't be buying new batteries every week or so . i replaced this unit with another brand called the nowbible color . it has audio & ... » read more i do n't know what the differences are between the 95 and the 475 but what i do know is that as nice as a unit as the franklin is , is that this unit is a battery hog when you use the audio feature . two aaa batteries will only power the audio feature for four to six hours then continue to power the text bible for a few days . if you are wanting it for the audio feature as i did i recommend getting rechargeable batteries . it 'll still go through the batteries but you wo n't be buying new batteries every week or so . i replaced this unit with another brand called the nowbible color . it has audio & text bible ( kjv ) , it plays music and mp4 & windows media format videos plus a pda . it has an on board but replaceable rechargeable battery and mini sd memory card slot . it recharges via power cord or usb from a computer . the usb also allows you at access the on board memory . it also is a touch screen . the franklin is a very good unit but i 've found the nowbible to be more versatile and is not a battery hog . i found the nowbible on line for just under one hundred dollars . « show less
size is approximately 20 '' height , 15 '' wide , 12 '' deep . the unit is pretty surprisingly heavy , so the pull out bin is helpful .
does not require a phone jack .
should work fine , it sits completely flat over the hardwood surface
have n't tried it with an ipad but it does work with my iphone
probably , but spend your hard earned $ on something better that this .
there is a cord leading to the computer and the images are scanned to the computer hard drive . yes , the computer has to be on .
from my experience the drum fits all 3 toner sizes . drums last much.longer than toner cartridges . usually 2 or 3 cartridges to a drum
yes
i have printed on 8 1 2 inch label sheets -- works well , they 've never jammed . i have not used the printer for card stock as of yet .
flexible but not floppy . it 's not a stiff plastic - you would need to have it on rigid surface to write on it
yes it works quite okay with 8.1 , just switched mine this week .
yes , it comes with the wheels removed - but it just has steel tubes for legs ( in order to mount the casters ) that would cause holes or scratches on most any type of floor .
yes , it covers 2011 , 2008 , 2005 , 2002 , and if i am not mistakent 1999
only the base station needs to be connected to a phone jack .
no , it does not work for the canon mg 6200. i think it has something to do with the computer chip attached to the cartridge , it did n't work for mine !
my husband said it 's a few inches thick . it 's a nice item , but might be a bit bulky if your carrying it around ( not in a briefcase ) . hope that helps .
mine works perfectly . have you taken out the plastic clip ?
yes , but due to construction , they 're not really good for soft beds .
4x6
i put a full size desktop on mine plus keyboard and a 20 in monitor . 29.5 inches high x 27.5 inches wide x 19.6 inches deep
no just the last one
works with my samsung galaxy 4 and 5 but i typically just use it with my laptop..
i have not used it but the obi1032 features on obihai website indicates that obibt can be used for headset or mobile phone pairing .
yes , just to make copies it does not need to be plugged to the pc laptop .
yes , it does : )
janet , there are 4 pages between each tab . the tab pages are a bit thicker and do not have spaces for entries . each page has space for 3 entries - so , 4 pages = 24 entries per tab . each tab covers two letters ( ab ; cd ; etc . ) . one note of caution ( ? ) - for some weird reason the book i received only has two pages for the ab tab ... all the others , 4. go figure . hope this helped .
i have a mg5320 . they work wonderfully in my printer
thank 's it works wonderfull , im gon na need just inks
no
yes it is the default setting .
yes this printer will work with window 8. i found you will need to download and install the driver for this printer from microsoft web site . the driver name is ufrii lt
no , it does n't have scanner functionality .
search eps toner on amazon . they have a good reliable inexpensive product ...
sorry i dont , it was a gift for a client so i dont have it .
that 's because it comes out kinda strange . i always spill it . it 's big but does n't hold alot and it slides out from the front . do n't be afraid to pull on it . you 'll find it .
i have used these pens for years , but i have never deliberately left them in a vehicle for an extended period of time , maybe the occasional weekend here or there , but i do n't think it should be a problem , they do n't seem to be too sensitive to heat or cold . i recommend them , i regularly use them to write on wet or frosty items , when a sharpie ca n't . i think would put your pen ( s ) in a small zipper bag just to be safe until you see hav they react in your climate this summer . good idea keeping one with your cert gear , i should probably thow one in with mine too .
no idea
that is what i use it for and it works great !
yes they are compatible with my epson pc
yes it does
hi shane - absolutely you can use the scanner from your ipad ! you will need to download the epson iprint app . when you open the app you will find menus that will let you print and manipulate photos , saved documents , things you 've stored in your cloud ( evernote , google drive , dropbox or box ) , print web pages ( you can also do this directly from the ipad via airprint ) , scan and even buy ink.to scan with your ipad ( i had fun doing this a couple of days ago ) put the item that you want to scan onto the scan bed , then press the scan button in the bottom right corner of the app page . your scan will appear in the window . from there you can print it , save it or even email it if you would like.have fun and do n't hesitate to drop me a line if i can provide any further information . hi shane - absolutely you can use the scanner from your ipad ! you will need to download the epson iprint app . when you open the app you will find menus that will let you print and manipulate photos , saved documents , things you 've stored in your cloud ( evernote , google drive , dropbox or box ) , print web pages ( you can also do this directly from the ipad via airprint ) , scan and even buy ink.to scan with your ipad ( i had fun doing this a couple of days ago ) put the item that you want to scan onto the scan bed , then press the scan button in the bottom right corner of the app page ... . » read more hi shane - absolutely you can use the scanner from your ipad ! you will need to download the epson iprint app . when you open the app you will find menus that will let you print and manipulate photos , saved documents , things you 've stored in your cloud ( evernote , google drive , dropbox or box ) , print web pages ( you can also do this directly from the ipad via airprint ) , scan and even buy ink.to scan with your ipad ( i had fun doing this a couple of days ago ) put the item that you want to scan onto the scan bed , then press the scan button in the bottom right corner of the app page . your scan will appear in the window . from there you can print it , save it or even email it if you would like.have fun and do n't hesitate to drop me a line if i can provide any further information . « show less
it has no port to directly plug in a cf card ( which i use myself on other printers that accept it ) . however , i think you can use the usb port to plug in a card reader which has a cf card slot available . i have a card reader myself which i intend use myself when i get around to it . i believe the printer manual said to use a powered card reader . my reader is not powered but will try it anyhow and go from there .
i 'm sorry , i ca n't answer that , i 've bought the translator for old people and the use just simple functions .
i like it . it works so god
hi . yes , i think it types exactly what i put in . but the buttons are probably a little small for a male user . i have not heard about this product before i bought it either . i find it very easy to use by far ( esp . pronunciation and translation ) , and it helps a lot with my german course .
no
i have a similar unit to this one - mine is ps-79ci - it has a pull out drawer and mine is located on the front of the unit under the `` fellows '' logo . i am thinking this unit which appears very similar would work the same way .
yes , i mounted mine in my kitchen . very easy to put up .
yes , just like a traditional phone . it really works . the only thing missing is a way to tie it into all the other phones in the house .
turn the printer off for a minute then turn back on to reset , this happens with my 7520 e all in one too . this should work .
i have ordered 2 , both of them were unlocked
i ca n't comment on total ink consumption as i have n't had the printer long enough but i can tell you that chroma optimizer and light gray are used much much quicker than the other inks . whereas the other cartridges are showing full , these other two are showing half empty .
red is magenta plus yellow .
i set up the scanner to scan to a folder on my network ( mac ) so this seems possible .
so far , over a year . most print is black and have changed that one , but color ones have been in over a year and still perform when needed .
if you 're asking if the ink dries out before you use it up ... i do n't use the ink saver mode & i do n't print nearly as much as you do and i 've never had the ink dry up . i do n't change the ink when it says i 'm running low - i wait until it tells me i 'm out of that color . i only replace the color ink that has run completely out .
june 2015
i was wrong about the 107bk at the time as there was insufficient online information at the time i ordered this cartridge at the time i ordered my printer . my apologies for misleading you . i wrote my review and later found out it did not work . expensive lesson i 'm afraid . the high yield black ink cartridge that works is the lc109 bk .
only with the document feeder .
dear n.antonio : the led sign from goledgo , remote controll range max:10meters ( 60degree , within 10meters ) , and 120 degree ( within 5meters ) for reference .
the keys have a light beep when pressed and the receipt being printed makes noise much like a calculator that prints . we use it in a small restaurant and it works well for that application
you have to press the 'set ' button until it says `` dp-2 ''
slides and negatives will pass ir light , but dust and scratches will clearly show up . then , the software uses that mask to `` heal '' whatever is visible in ir , mising the surrounding colors to render the dust and scratches invisible.that is why ir scanning is the way to go . it is a very powerful tool and i would n't want to scan batch of slides without it . of course , you always want to use a can of air to carefully blast most dust away , but you wo n't get it all . if you are scanning 3 or 4 slides for large reproduction , you may want to take hours and do it all by hand , but if you are scanning 10 or 100 slides , ir will do most of the work for you and produce amazing results . usually out of 10 , one or two may need a brief touchup if i 'm being very picky.always use a slide negative scanner with ice ( or equivilent ) and ir scanning . slides and negatives will pass ir light , but dust and scratches will clearly show up . then , the software uses that mask to `` heal '' whatever is visible in ir , mising the surrounding colors to render the dust and scratches invisible.that is why ir scanning is the way to go . it is a very powerful tool and i would n't want to scan batch of slides without it . of course , you always want to use a can of air to carefully blast most dust away , but you wo n't get it all . if you are scanning 3 or 4 slides for large reproduction , you may want to take hours and do it all by hand , but if you ... » read more slides and negatives will pass ir light , but dust and scratches will clearly show up . then , the software uses that mask to `` heal '' whatever is visible in ir , mising the surrounding colors to render the dust and scratches invisible.that is why ir scanning is the way to go . it is a very powerful tool and i would n't want to scan batch of slides without it . of course , you always want to use a can of air to carefully blast most dust away , but you wo n't get it all . if you are scanning 3 or 4 slides for large reproduction , you may want to take hours and do it all by hand , but if you are scanning 10 or 100 slides , ir will do most of the work for you and produce amazing results . usually out of 10 , one or two may need a brief touchup if i 'm being very picky.always use a slide negative scanner with ice ( or equivilent ) and ir scanning . « show less
yes . i use it on plush carpet , so i did n't want the wheels on it . i left the wheels off , and i can easily slide it around on the carpet .
see swarovski
it comes with trial size ink , you will need to purchase more for day to day printing
it does support any kind of print order , from any software
normal sized clipboard , i love mine .
it seems to be 5 by 8. i hope that helps .
it depends on the number of cards you put into it . if you put in more than about 4 cards , it may be a tight squeeze .
it 's just a book of plastic inserts - no special spot for dl
approximately 17 ''
yes , it is .
since it has two buttons on the front panel labeled `` color '' and `` mono '' , it might lead you to believe it is a color printer . it is not . the `` color '' button is only for scanning in color .
we do signature stamps , you would just send us a clear image of your signature .
yes it does . love it , use it all the time !
i prop it up all the time in bed ( for my ipad ) and books : )
hello thank you for sending me your query . one thing . i ordered this catridge from amazon.com as spare catridge . still i am using the original catridge which came with the printer . before buying it , i saw reviews in http : amazon.com . there are lot of 5 star reviews are there . based on these reviews i got this catridge . so before buying it , please see the reviews . if it did n't work , you may return it . thank you .
working on it ... not the best , but may be able to tweek abit
i had to return mine because i did n't have a needle..and like yourself ... i could n't read the instructions because they were n't in english..
it can be good to protect your luggage from scrapes and dings . i found it really handy when i moved to a new house . you just want to make sure you have a good layering around things .
thank you for your email.according to hp documentation for this printer , the ink types are `` pigment-based black , dye-based color '' .regards , davtech computer center
without tearing the packaging open , i can not tell . there is a user guide , but i 'm not sure beyond that .
yes . the manual calls it `` intelligent power off '' and it apparently happens after 30 minutes even if you 're using it .
no , you may want to exchange it.however i always unplug it after i 'm done as a safety precaution , never know what could fall into that shark tooth roller .
this shredder was purchased for office setting - with over sixty employees this shredder handles plenty whether it be business junk , personal junk , unopened , opened -- credit cards , diskettes . as of yet , we 've not had any problems or complaints . simply follow the lubricant suggestions for maintenance , empty regularly and it should be a good buy .
6 contacts per page . roughly 4 pages per alphabet letter . each contact is broken into two side by side sets of lines . the left side is 5 blank lines . the right side is 5 lines that read : home office cell fax email . i can put the person 's name and full address in the five blank lines . hope that helps !
yes , the one i use works on 230 v ac 50 hz . however check for the power ratings marked on product as well before you plug in .
yes as a matter of fact i have a shortwave radio on mine
using the laser did not trigger anything as i remember . now , there is two modes for this presenter : presentation mode and mouse mode . it may possibly do it in mouse mode , but not as i recall because i pressed the button in mouse mode before and it did not do anything .
yes . the ps50 allows the user to scan in either simplex ( front-side ) or duplex ( front & back side ) mode by merely selecting the choice from the get started settings . the software also allows you to delete an image , if you scan in duplex and the back is blank .
not that i know of .
sorry for the delay . i had to get to my office and test your question . it does have a pdf button that allows you to scan multiple pages and then click `` finish '' which converts all the pages into a pdf file and saves it into a folder that you have preset in the settings .
i installed it on windows 8 with noroblems and it works fine ( text and pictures ) . i did n't need to use the disk . windows 8 did everything , as i remember it asked me if i wanted to install the printer monitor ( status and ink level ) and a diagnostic program . it was automatic . i hope you have the same experience that i did .
plastic , and flares out a bit too for a better grip .
i bought mine in 2013 but am uncertain of whether or not i have that update . same model and it works great . if you can tell me how to tell if it 's the same update i would be happy to check for you .
yes , we use it for our hl-5470dw printers and it works great !
approx . 4 1 2 inches i think that is about standard size .
yes , you can print envelopes . you can also print labels as well .
mine came with one extra set .
i am not 100 % sure . i think you do it from the print screen on your computer ( or device ) , not on the printer itself . there is usually a button called properties on a print screen . that opens up a lot of detail about size and type of paper . sorry i have never used glossy paper . good luck .
no you have to purchase the cx410de
yes , i have three 24i inch monitors that work perfectly side by side .
you probably could never tried , is black and white , i would use another type of printer for that .
i believe it 's only going to work with usb . if u need a network printer it should be ms310dn .
it will print coated and uncoated paper.laser printers are especially made for high quality full color printing on gloss stock because the image is burned on to the sheet ( with the laser fuser and imaging unit ) instead of sprayed or dripped on ink which easily smears .
the picture files are named , `` pictxxxx '' where xxxx starts at 0001 and ascends . it stores the files on either the internal memory ( miniscule amount ) or an sd card . it will restart at '0001 ' as long as the card is empty .
i bought those for my printer all in one and the black printed 2 coupons and then stopped working . to this day it says black ink out . ca n't print a thing without the black . i would not buy from this person .
there is a headset provided with this unit that stands alone . there is also an option to plug earphones into the cordless phones . it appeared to take a standard miniature plug such as used on ipod etc ... personally i found the phones to have horrible audio and returned the whole set .
sunni , there are 3 pages per letter and 4 columns on front and back of each page . 2 extra pages at end of journal . hope this helps .
i do n't know
hello sakda , receiptroll always offers free shipping with every order .
i 'm using hp office jet pro 8600 wireless , no problems , be careful to indent left margin at least .61 '' .
the print quality looks great to the naked eye , even on plain paper . i have not done any testing or looking through a loop . i am having problems with paper trays and the printer will not wake . sometime i have to pull the plug and do a hard reset .
no . just intercom . need to answer the handset and no speaker phone while on intercom .
i use this ink in a hp officejet 6500. the cartridges look like oem and snap in place as the oem would .
no they do n't
i have the ooma connected to one of the phone outlets in the house and was then able to connect a panasonic dect6 cordless phone base station from another location in the house . the benefit is that i have three ( 3 ) panasonic handsets and the positioning of the cordless phone base station in a location that has best reception throughout the house . this also allowed me to hid the ooma teleo in the communications closet with my router , cable modem , etc. , instead of showing in the living room . the con is i ca n't access two lines . since i did not sign up for the ooma prime service , i do n't have the 2nd line anyway . the panasonic det6 also allowed me to connect my cell phones to the same headset . making sure i hear the phone rings in different areas of the house . i have the ooma connected to one of the phone outlets in the house and was then able to connect a panasonic dect6 cordless phone base station from another location in the house . the benefit is that i have three ( 3 ) panasonic handsets and the positioning of the cordless phone base station in a location that has best reception throughout the house . this also allowed me to hid the ooma teleo in the communications closet with my router , cable modem , etc. , instead of showing in the living room . the con is i ca n't access two lines . since i did not sign up for the ooma prime service , i do n't have ... » read more i have the ooma connected to one of the phone outlets in the house and was then able to connect a panasonic dect6 cordless phone base station from another location in the house . the benefit is that i have three ( 3 ) panasonic handsets and the positioning of the cordless phone base station in a location that has best reception throughout the house . this also allowed me to hid the ooma teleo in the communications closet with my router , cable modem , etc. , instead of showing in the living room . the con is i ca n't access two lines . since i did not sign up for the ooma prime service , i do n't have the 2nd line anyway . the panasonic det6 also allowed me to connect my cell phones to the same headset . making sure i hear the phone rings in different areas of the house . « show less
i would say 3 max
yes , i think so . as a matter of fact i just used it in bed this morning . i 've had cheaper tables made for using in bed - breakfast trays and the like - but what i like about this portable desk is it 's high-quality , plus it 's adjustable surface . obviously it 's going to be more stable when placed on a harder , firmer surface - but it works fine when laying back propped up in bed .
not sure how many pages . it does n't print as many pages as stated but you still save money on not purchasing color ink . i will say it does print more pages than a normal ink cartridge .
if you grab a grayscale jpeg from a website and print it , it comes out with quality of a newspaper photo . i would bet if you started with a high res photo , and fiddled with the settings it could look very nice .
no . this phone is a very special type of phone that requires a significant amount of technical knowledge to set up properly . unless you have a technical background with sip technologies this would be entirely inappropriate .
the stamp company will email you soon after you place the order to obtain personalization and color info .
no batteries , because it consumes a lot of power to print .
hey there . i have n't done cardstock but i do frequently print on heavy watercolor paper without any issues . i also know that the printer allows you to select cardstock as the paper type .
it does well for a battery powered device , but is not as powerful when compared to a plug in model . it works very well for what it is and looks cool too . try it , you`ll like it !
yes . i have that model and it works for me . the ink is very light and it does not last long .
12 '' wide & 8 1 2 '' high . it 's really a nice box .
one toner cartridge & one drum ... ..
it is not a printer , it 's cuts exelant , and i 'm a pc user i do n't know about comparability with a mac
it is the cuantaty that you are printing and how much
the phone system has an intercom function that could be used for a `` paging `` system to a single handset .
you are correct . it 's an excellent printer , but it does not have wireless .
i believe you do need all cartridges to function but you can set it to print in greyscale only . i would recommend genuine hp ink for a printer of this cost you should use top grade.and there are settings that allow you to use very little black . also the black xl should yield about 9,000 pages
the starter color cartridges that come with it will last awhile if you only occasionally use color . i use it at my business , have had it for about 2 1 2 months , made a lot of copies , and have n't even approached the ink tanks having to be replaced . these are only the starter cartriges . i purchased an `` xl '' cartrige in black to replace the starter one when it ran out , looks like it will be about 6 months or so before i need to even think about it . the cartriges are not cheap but if they last well beyond what the starter ones do , they 're well worth it . print about 100 - 150 pages per day on average . the starter color cartridges that come with it will last awhile if you only occasionally use color . i use it at my business , have had it for about 2 1 2 months , made a lot of copies , and have n't even approached the ink tanks having to be replaced . these are only the starter cartriges . i purchased an `` xl '' cartrige in black to replace the starter one when it ran out , looks like it will be about 6 months or so before i need to even think about it . the cartriges are not cheap but if they last well beyond what the starter ones do , they 're well worth it . print about 100 - 150 pages per ... » read more the starter color cartridges that come with it will last awhile if you only occasionally use color . i use it at my business , have had it for about 2 1 2 months , made a lot of copies , and have n't even approached the ink tanks having to be replaced . these are only the starter cartriges . i purchased an `` xl '' cartrige in black to replace the starter one when it ran out , looks like it will be about 6 months or so before i need to even think about it . the cartriges are not cheap but if they last well beyond what the starter ones do , they 're well worth it . print about 100 - 150 pages per day on average . « show less
yes . as is common practice it comes with 'starter ' cartridges .
we have the strobe xp 100 and it only scans in black and white .
sorry , no . it uses five # 564 cartridges , the three basic colors , a print black and a photo black .
i never had that problem
you can connect a pin pad , but i 'm not sure if it will work with pin from a different credit card machine . you should contact your merchant service company for the answer .
look im the inl cartridge see if it has 3 and 4 conectors what i am saying if it has 7 pins do you know what i mean of it dors it will work ill send you s pic too
61 black and 61 color
it does ship with a print cartridge . it 's a starter cartridge and i 'll check and see if it says on the cartridge what the approximate yield is . anyway , it 's not high yield .
no its not
it print on cds pretty good , for as long you use the oem ink . my previous canon printer head nozzles were damaged for using cheap non oem ink . i have printed about 83 cds and dvds without any problems .
yes this is an inkjet printer .
yes i am pretty sure it will . i have scanned pages in thick books with good results .
to be honest , i ca n't tell if it 's acid-free . i 'm sorry this does n't answer your question , but to be safe ... i would have to say no ... i would ask the seller if i were you .
yes , mg 6320 is on the side of the box i purchased , hope this helps .
not sure ; i use with my pixma6320
yes
totally , i do it every day
send me your email address to bud [ at ] thekarakeys [ dot ] com , and i will email it to you .
the tape is actually inside the machine and is a full size roll . i like this feature because it should protect it from dust and will probably extend printer life . there is also enough room i think for an extra roll . hope this helps
cloth
yes . requires pushing a tab on the tray and the tray extends to the longer size .
motor is still running strong , but the sharpening is not great . it takes at least double the time to really sharpen . i purchased in mid sept. and this has been happening since mid november . remember i have 21 fourth graders that use it constantly ! i would say it 's perfect for office home setting .
there is no best before date . have n't opened mine yet , but see no reason that they should be any different than the singles in the store
i did n't remove them and they work fine . if you are not comfortable with this answer , contact the folks you purchased from , they should be helpful with the correct answer ... if there is one ! have a great day ... r kmw
yes
http : www.amazon.com review r2fhkaz7ofl4e3 ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm ? ie=utf8 &asin; =b00apega4gupdate : instead , i got this brother to work with some effort : brother ds-720d mobile duplex color page scannermy review and how i did is here : http : www.amazon.com review r3twsvkx52bfj9 ref=cm_cr_pr_perm ? ie=utf8 &asin; =b00ekw8uem
i do n't recall , and doubt it . but our first one lasted 4 1 2 years , until it was damaged when we moved our store ( not a defect of the sign ) . the current one has been in daily use for 1 1 2 years .
on the hp refurbished cartridges , i can tell you that it appears as a `` brand new '' cartridge , which when removed from the air tight plastic wrap , one can see a `` chip '' within the plastic cartridges . also , i am able to say that these cartridges work magnificently well . i am quite pleased .
mine never worked . it would not even turn on . i returned it . brookstone was supposed to replace it but instead sent me a gift card .
keep the transmitter in 1 secure location , as a base . and after use , put it back in the base . the transmitter will find your color coded tag when pressing the color coded tag .
it is soft leather but not the greatest quality . for the price this is nice but if you are looking for nice leather i would look elswhere .
fits my iphone 5 , but i would n't recommend it for cellphones . i actually use it to hold multiple pens ... still love the case though !
we have no experience with that , sorry
the xl refers to the yield of the ink cartridge . pgi 250xl is a high yield cartridge vs pgi 250 being a standard yield cartridge . i hope that helps .
it 's both !
my son has a mac book air and it works fine , so there is no reason that i can see why a mac book pro would not work with this printer .
no fee ! it uses your google voice number . the only cost is the price of the adapter .
the latest version of this calculator uses a single lithium rechargeable via a standard usb connector to charge it . however the owner manual for this calculator depicts 4 , aaa batteries along with a cr2032 for backup . the newer model though only sports that one lithium . if the one you have or intend to have still uses the legacy battery system for this entire ti programmable line you should use aaa lithium 's rather than alkaline . do n't use ni-cad or ni-mh . finally , the single lithium rechargeable lasts a long time ... and the calculator even sports a battery monitor . personally this is the battery system i 'd be looking for and not the legacy type . the latest version of this calculator uses a single lithium rechargeable via a standard usb connector to charge it . however the owner manual for this calculator depicts 4 , aaa batteries along with a cr2032 for backup . the newer model though only sports that one lithium . if the one you have or intend to have still uses the legacy battery system for this entire ti programmable line you should use aaa lithium 's rather than alkaline . do n't use ni-cad or ni-mh . finally , the single lithium rechargeable lasts a long time ... and the calculator even sports a battery monitor . personally this is the ... » read more the latest version of this calculator uses a single lithium rechargeable via a standard usb connector to charge it . however the owner manual for this calculator depicts 4 , aaa batteries along with a cr2032 for backup . the newer model though only sports that one lithium . if the one you have or intend to have still uses the legacy battery system for this entire ti programmable line you should use aaa lithium 's rather than alkaline . do n't use ni-cad or ni-mh . finally , the single lithium rechargeable lasts a long time ... and the calculator even sports a battery monitor . personally this is the battery system i 'd be looking for and not the legacy type . « show less
i think the sim card has to be that of your service provider and you need to call whoever you choose as your service provider to activate it . in my case , my sim card was provided by at & t and i called them to set up monthly service for my phone . they sent me a special device to connect my phone to and convert this land-line phone to wireless service . good luck !
there 's an individual who reviewed the tagging gun and included great instructions in his her review . search for it and you should be tagging in about 30 seconds flat !
all hardware ( except ipad ) included . software included , 1 month free after that $ 40 to $ 60 month .
appox . 8x10 with pockets for each month . it does get bulky by the end of the year but i really liked it .
yes . this scanner will handle a stack of varying-sized pages well , including business cards . this scanner handles individual pages , not bound or stapled documents . folded documents require the use of a special carrier that feeds a single scan at a time .
it recognizes texts but not other features such as underlining
65 lbs
color printing and scanning is all i use it for . i believe it has a fax feature as well however i have never used that .
the wireless laser apple mouse did not work on the desk pad . the cursor made a few random jerky moves and then stopped moving at all .
yes
cardboard .
the equipment i purchased - and it is working without issue:4 sawgrass sublijet r ricoh sg3110 dn cartridges - black , magenta , cyan , yellow f r e e shipping by sawgrass technologies ricoh 405750 aficio sg 3110dn geljet color and b w printer by ricoh
why are you asking this ?
yes it does . if you look on canon 's site it 's listed as you have it : pgi -255xxl
the bottles are labeled 65 grams .
it 's in traditional chinese .
i received complete supplies and instructions with my cabinet - which is beautiful . if i were you , i 'd call amazon , or someone , and have them fax mail me the instructions . i would n't try to put it together myself without them .
yes it is .
the only item i have is the riser , not the monitor .
my negatives are all fine . but when i compared them to the digital copy , none of them held up . this was an obvious conclusion , that anyone could easily determine . i suggest you go back and look closely at your original with a magnifying glass or project them on a screen . then look at your digital copy and you 'll see that the darks are much darker , the lights much lighter , all lacking in detail easily seen on the original . for me the difference was so noticeable that i promptly returned the unit . costco did much better scan ( 2000dpi ) with hugely better contrast easily duplicating the original . for even better scans , try using dvd your memories . they scan in at up to 4000dpi ( i usually use 3000 ) and their equipment is even better . plus they usually monitor each slide carefully which is then reviewed by another operator to check for quality . of course they 're twice the price , but like i said earlier , you only do this once and these are the only things that you own that are not replaceable . costco does not give your slides the same care . btw : about resolution ( dpi ) if you take a 4x6 picture and scan it in at say 300dpi , then taking a slide , which is about 12x smaller and scanning it in at 3000dpi , you get about 250dpi equivalency , which is close to 300dpi for a 4x6 . you can blow up any 250-300 dpi quite nicely to as much as a 14x16 print without losing too much detail or too much pixelation . seems to work for me . of course showing them on a big screen tv will work great as well . -don , encino ca my negatives are all fine . but when i compared them to the digital copy , none of them held up . this was an obvious conclusion , that anyone could easily determine . i suggest you go back and look closely at your original with a magnifying glass or project them on a screen . then look at your digital copy and you 'll see that the darks are much darker , the lights much lighter , all lacking in detail easily seen on the original . for me the difference was so noticeable that i promptly returned the unit . costco did much better scan ( 2000dpi ) with hugely better contrast easily duplicating the ... » read more my negatives are all fine . but when i compared them to the digital copy , none of them held up . this was an obvious conclusion , that anyone could easily determine . i suggest you go back and look closely at your original with a magnifying glass or project them on a screen . then look at your digital copy and you 'll see that the darks are much darker , the lights much lighter , all lacking in detail easily seen on the original . for me the difference was so noticeable that i promptly returned the unit . costco did much better scan ( 2000dpi ) with hugely better contrast easily duplicating the original . for even better scans , try using dvd your memories . they scan in at up to 4000dpi ( i usually use 3000 ) and their equipment is even better . plus they usually monitor each slide carefully which is then reviewed by another operator to check for quality . of course they 're twice the price , but like i said earlier , you only do this once and these are the only things that you own that are not replaceable . costco does not give your slides the same care . btw : about resolution ( dpi ) if you take a 4x6 picture and scan it in at say 300dpi , then taking a slide , which is about 12x smaller and scanning it in at 3000dpi , you get about 250dpi equivalency , which is close to 300dpi for a 4x6 . you can blow up any 250-300 dpi quite nicely to as much as a 14x16 print without losing too much detail or too much pixelation . seems to work for me . of course showing them on a big screen tv will work great as well . -don , encino ca « show less
i have some stuck on a plastic bag and they do not want to come off and when i finally get them off they do leave a residue .
no does not have a cover on it . not sure what you mean by portable it can be moved around from table to table do n't know if it would be easy to take places ..
definitely , the mouse ( razer taipan ) glides smoothly across and always registers correctly . the pad is also of a very sturdy material , i can see getting years of use from it .
i am usin for my business . so it does move once a month . i do not think that it should go bad with time but i can not say for sure .
no idea . i had a different hp photosmart printer that the cartridges were listed to fit . they did n't , and further , arrived damaged ... the clip to hold them in on the end of the cartridge was broken off . i would n't buy them . they claimed i did n't send all of them back , which i did ... and would n't give me a refund . company is a scam .
do n't know . i bought them for my epson 310xl , but this is from the description page on amazon : printer compatibility : photosmart : 7510 , 7520 , b8550 , c6340 , c6350 , c6380 , d5445 , d7560 , d5460 , estation all-in-one printer-c510a , premium all-in-one printer-c309g , premium e-all-in-one printer-c310a , premium fax all-in-one printer-c309a , premium fax e-all-in-one printer- c410a , premium touchsmart web all-in-one printer-c309ni do n't see the b210 listed , so i would n't chance it .
yes
yes . i 've used it to stand at my desk . the manual has several configuration examples , including the `` on top of a desk '' configuration . the platform is large so it should work with just about any laptop .
they are all the same . you can name them all though .
you do not need one . everything you do need comes with .
try holding the power button down . it should power on after several seconds . this is a feature that prevents the unit from unnecessarily draining the battery by accidentally powering on during transport .
if your monitors are on pedestals , you might be fine because you only have to fit from one pedestal to the other on the desk workspace . the sides of the monitors will hang off of the desk space . if it is an all in one ( no pedestal ) , there would not be enough desk space to cover two of those .
i dont know , i 'm using them in latin america ! sorry !
yes it does .
yes
i am not sure about the size ; however , i will tell you the pictures were good quality , and the device was really easy to use . i would highly recommend it .
it does have a high yield to it . worth the price paid for .
noooooooooo ! only if you want to permanently mark it up . it 's ink .
body is plastic , tip metal . good build quality
i do n't use a wireless keyboard , but a standard 15.4 '' laptop . however , i do use a separate mouse which is wireless and it is to the right of the laptop . i have no problem with this setup . i am guessing it would probably be fine for your keyboard and mouse depending on where you have your displays .
the tool is worth nothing . the buyer us so crappy that i got broken stuff and amazon never bothered to help
you ca n't . i ordered it and then emailed amazon customer service . they said it ships from different sites and they ca n't control what color you get . sounds fishy since you can choose what color water bottle or slippers you get . surely , they can use the same process to select the color here too . but they do n't . you get what you get . and if you do n't like it , you pay to ship it back .
yes , this is a great option for use with google voice .
hi neleh9040 . the list of products in my review ( kx-tg9542b , kx-tg9541b , kx-tg6842b , kx-tg7872s , kx-tg6844b , kx-tg6843b , kx-tg6845b , kx-tg7875s , kx-tg7874s , kx-tg7873s , kx-tg6873b , kx-tg6841b . ) are the models panasonic told me are compatible . i suggest you contact them about your model specifically .
unfortunately no
hi terry , to answer your questions , yes , i guess i would say it 's kind of a turquoise color ... .pretty much exactly the color shown , and yes , the base is corded and needs electrical power , but the handset is cordless . hope i helped ! btw , i love the phone !
yes . universal ribbons fit the quiet-riter portables . i 've used this ribbon with that same model .
maria : good morning , the product is the same from pantone.com if is saled by amazon is guarantied 100 % you can return . this bundle includes : formula guide solid coatedformula guide solid uncoatedcolor bridge® coatedcolor bridge® uncoatedcmyk coatedcmyk uncoatedif you have more question , please send us emialbest regardsesmarusa
yes , it is . you can download the driver from the website . we have both windows 7 and windows 8 operating systems . very good buy for the money - ( ps - walmart has it for $ 59 )
rachel , i have had this sign for about a month and the blue led 's are already beginning to fail . i tried saving a few bucks with this sign and am paying the price now . i would not recommend this sign .
240
denise denise refering to the defenderpad website , it speaks of `` laptops , tablets and other electronic devices . '' the website is defenderpad.com
4 brocade
on the menu one of the choices is to turn on or off the answering message . i have not tried it but assume it works .
in theory yes . i purchased it to use with a mac . it is intermittent . if you are using it with a pc it should be seamless . it is a great price and there is always the option to return it if it does n't work . i hope that helps .
no . it does not have a duplex unit . it has what it calls a `` manual duplex mode '' that is controlled by the software . it prints your first sides of your pages , waits for you to flip the pages and load them on the manual feed tray , and then prints the second side . at least i 'm pretty sure that 's how it works as we have n't tried it yet .
`` generic compatible ''
yes , it comes with `` starter ' toners . about 1200 copies b &w; , 900 copies for color ( my usage ) . the manual states dimensions as 17w x 19 1 8 l x 18 7 8 d but you 'll need some extra room at the back for cables and the copier lid to swing up .
there are several differences in features and paper capacity . check this website for details : http : thetonerexpert.blogspot.com 2013 03 canons-new-mfp-printers-imageclass.html
good question . i 've never used the `` intercom '' -- i use the speaker , is that what you mean ? if using the speaker , it is very easy and quick - just one button , clearly labeled . sorry if this does not answer your question .
color-cl211 black-pg210hope this helps , joel
yes it should work . just remember to check the features you want as defaults , i.e . shrink to fit . it takes more keystrokes to print a label .
either one .
no it does n't
cardboard is the thickest i have used in it .
may be too late for this but here goes anyway ... i had this same problem , att landline , gv would not port it over , only if it was with cell phone service provider . i found and old cell phone in my drawer , went to metropcs ( or any no-contract ) service provider , ported my att landline phone ( yes i had to pay for 1 month service with cell phone svc provider ! ) once my home phone was ported , i was able to immediately port it from metropcs to googlevoice . absolutely worth it , as i 've had my home tel nbr for years and the kids had it memorized etc .
yes
go ahead and install printer is 3510 i love mine !
yes they come with the magnet too . magnets are strong . i 've had no trouble with the name tag coming off at all .
you can cut these down to any size you need . before or after you laminate the item . i usually laminate first and then cut down to size .
it will bolt to a wall or signpost . it comes with two screws with holes in the back of the box .
well i have n't bought it , but that was my same exact look when i saw the price .
what do the planning pages look like ? is it week at a glance ? are there spots to list childrens activities ?
one end is square ; you probably have one laying around . i do n't think it is ridiculous ... when i buy electronics i often ca n't use them until i buy paper , batteries , or mem card , etc . but what is ridiculous is when you buy a printer and it comes with `` starter '' ink pack , and with a few prints you run dry . you go to the store and toner + drum cost you more than the cost of the printer ! i 'm looking at you , `` brother '' . thankfully these new samsungs come with full toner and drum ! nobody else does this .
it comes with a starter -- low capacity -- toner cartridge .
thank you for your inquiry . according to the product description provided by the manufacturer , `` the m2875fd is also google cloud print capable , allowing you to print from anywhere in the world via your google account . `` all of the information we have for this product is in the listing , so we kindly recommend that you direct any detailed questions to samsung.thank you
it does not require a hard line connection and seems to work well wirelessly .
i have been using vonage for several years . during that time i had multiple different cordless phones . all of them worked . i am currently using uniden that replaced a panasonic . i have had good experiences with every cordless system . also i have used fax machines on the vonage line . good luck .
it 's a serious coin counter for smaller business
this one comes with an ef ( extra fine ) nib . you can search online for twsbi nib sizes and you 'll see examples . if you have nice clean and small handwriting this is the nib you 'll need . if you have standard handwriting then i'de go f ( fine ) .. both would be good for standard utility writing and work . they also have medium , broad , and stub .
no , the inside of the card is not blank . everyone of the cards comes with a very inspirational saying .
it 's about 2-1 2 '' in dia . we bot an extra pendant b c mom needed to have one on all the time , even at night . thus , while she was wearing one , the other was charging .
yes
since we bought the printer for our engineering office last october , we have printed 1495 pages , 1116 of which had at least some color content , though only about 150 of those had large color pictures , the rest were mostly black and white drawings with a few color graphics and lines . we are still using the original color toner cartridges that came with the printer , and they are are all 2 3 full . we used up the black starter toner cartridge that came with the printer , plus we have used up about 45 % of a tn-221bk black toner cartridge . brother claims that the tn-221bk cartridge will print 2500 pages , and the tn-225c , m and y cartridges will print 2200 pages . i paid $ 283 for a four pack of toner cartridges , one black and three color high-yield brother brand cartridges . but it looks like i will mostly be buying black toner cartridges at $ 60 each . while not cheap , it is a heck of a lot cheaper per page than using ink jet printers , plus the printer is faster and quieter than ink jet printers , and the print quality is great . plus there are no print heads to clog , which eventually killed most of the ink jet printers i 've owned . also , if the toner is not completely used up when the printer says it is you can reset the cartridge and keep printing until the cartridge is empty . since we bought the printer for our engineering office last october , we have printed 1495 pages , 1116 of which had at least some color content , though only about 150 of those had large color pictures , the rest were mostly black and white drawings with a few color graphics and lines . we are still using the original color toner cartridges that came with the printer , and they are are all 2 3 full . we used up the black starter toner cartridge that came with the printer , plus we have used up about 45 % of a tn-221bk black toner cartridge . brother claims that the tn-221bk cartridge will print 2500 ... » read more since we bought the printer for our engineering office last october , we have printed 1495 pages , 1116 of which had at least some color content , though only about 150 of those had large color pictures , the rest were mostly black and white drawings with a few color graphics and lines . we are still using the original color toner cartridges that came with the printer , and they are are all 2 3 full . we used up the black starter toner cartridge that came with the printer , plus we have used up about 45 % of a tn-221bk black toner cartridge . brother claims that the tn-221bk cartridge will print 2500 pages , and the tn-225c , m and y cartridges will print 2200 pages . i paid $ 283 for a four pack of toner cartridges , one black and three color high-yield brother brand cartridges . but it looks like i will mostly be buying black toner cartridges at $ 60 each . while not cheap , it is a heck of a lot cheaper per page than using ink jet printers , plus the printer is faster and quieter than ink jet printers , and the print quality is great . plus there are no print heads to clog , which eventually killed most of the ink jet printers i 've owned . also , if the toner is not completely used up when the printer says it is you can reset the cartridge and keep printing until the cartridge is empty . « show less
no
14.89 for 12 pencils which are refillable but very hard to find the refills . i recommend these highly for everything compared to the stick variety you unwrap .
bradford , yes , most of the time has expired because these are july 3013 to december 2014 calendars . i would just wait a month or so and purchase the 2014 2015 calendar.they are excellent calendars , which i highly recommend.hattie m .
8 inches long by 5 inches wide ( width includes the spiral wire binding that holds the book together ) by a touch over 1 2 inch thick .
probably 3x6 or 4x8 perfect pocketbook size !
8 7 8 '' wide , 9 3 8 '' deep and 4 '' high
depends on what medium you are trying to adhere to !
it was a 400 but it just sold . sorry .
it works great . it takes a couple of pages to clear the air in the lines but after that it is trouble free . the only problem i have is if the power is out for an extended period of time , then the printer thinks it is out of ink as it ca n't find the epson cartridge so you have to tell the printer it does indeed have ink . follow the installation directions and it fairly easy to install . i also purchased the refill kit as i run out of ink 2 to 3 times a year . so far i have not had to refill it as there is quite a bit of ink in the kit .
with the little adjuster on the cartridge put in the empty position ( where it would be if no ink were in it ) just dip the nib into the ink ( cartridge attached ) and then while it is immersed in the ink , carefully twist the little adjuster in the other direction so that it forms a vacuum and pulls the ink into the cartridge . i hope that makes sense !
you may use any quality ink that is designed for fountain pen , such as waterman and parker , or any other ink that is not contain shellac .
i know very little about the specific underwood models ( new to typewriters ) , but this worked perfectly for mine which was from the 1930 's . the company had a good return policy and were easy to deal with . hope this helps .
no -- english only .
should not be a problem if the location uses 911system only uses phone linessystem is preprogramed to call 911 as first or last numbersystem progresses thru all programed numbers then calls 911 if no answer on any other line
mark , this nib appears to be a medium point . it produces a beautiful smooth line without grabbing or scratching . i purchased this pen for my wife who loves fountain pens , and she loves this one . it is one of the most beautiful and unique pens i have ever seen . i would not hesitate to to buy another .
do n't know the uscutter never worked and still not fixed yet had two tickets on it , and after the three month warranty ran out they said i had to pay for it ... ..
i do n't know . we never put it on a flat surface long enough to tell .
the hp easy scan software that comes with this printer will allow you to save the scanned file as a multi-page tiff .
it is battery powered only . it seems to use little battery power , i 'm still using the original batteries i installed .
no anchors - just rubber feet . you could probably fashion a mount with l brackets from the hardware store .
yes . note : my locksmith could n't make me extra keys , but you get them online .
yes it does . quite clearly .
it is a cordless phone . it communicates only with a base station which is plugged into a phone jack connected to the telephone network .
in addition to the machine , you 'll need plastic coils , covers , and a pair of coil crimping pliers . all of these items are sold separately and available for purchase on amazon . the most common coil sizes are those for smaller books , generally ranging between 6mm and 12mm ( which will accommodate books up to 92 pages , based on 20 lb . paper ) .
i am not 100 % how many pages that 100cc will print but i can tell you i am an artist and i use this machine everyday for my archival prints . i bought this back in september and have n't run out of ink yet . i could n't find the refill on amazon so i ordered it from here..http : www.inkowl.com index.php ? p=product &q; =r2000 &product; =6282 it 's a little more expensive than the other stuff but it 's much better quality.. this will last me probably 6 months printing daily .
no
just the blade guard and the tie plate .
yes i have windows 8.1 , works great ! love the printer
yes
thank you for your inquiry . we do not have available the complete instruction manual . we do have installation instructions for many of our parts at our web site . you will need your invoice number and ship too zip code to enter and simply follow the directions from there.let us know
indirectly , you have to use their coin wrappers which sit on a pedestal and collect the coins . when the coins reach the very top of the wrapper you have a full roll .
hey bjorn ! i carry up to 11 business cards in there . a 12th one would leave them all crammed , which would make it difficult to get the first one out . note however that my business cards are vistaprint premium stock with their spot-gloss finish ... in other words using a different stock and finish would allow you to comfortably fit more than 11 cards into the holder.i hope this helps !
company logo ? on the card holder itself- there is only a blank area for engraving , no other company logo or identifiers
not directly to the company , but in my town i can turn them in with my other old and outdated electronics that is recycled by our dpw .
side to side
yes , check the hp user guide , integer math is discussed beginning on page 575 and functions are described beginning on pg 544 : http : h10032.www1.hp.com ctg manual c04119981.pdf
this printer comes with one standard cartridge mlt-d203s , not the high-density d203l cartridge . i have printed 300 pages and have 82 % left on this standard cartridge .
i 'm not sure the do n't size . we have used them on all sizes , but now try to order the bags already printed with the warning .
it 's not paired correctly or the battery is low ?
cd 's are not micro-shred , just the paper . the blades cut them about 1 '' in width , no cross-cut either .
yes , these ink cartridges fit just fine . bought 50 of them and have worked in the jinhao x450 pens . hope this helps
it should be work
i 'm not sure on a page count but they last me at least several months . i print a lot of quilt patterns in color and go through more than a ream of paper . i do n't seem to use as much yellow as the others . it definitely lasts as long as canon brand .
i do n't know.. i have a 5422 and it works perfectly .
yes i was pleased with the product
without ink you must buy the ink
not this item number .
mounted on the wall in kitchen .
im not sure . i do not think it can , but i remember reading something about that on the website or hearing it on the youtube video about it .
yes
this is just a land line unit .
regular size . nice cart.make sure you get the cover !
hi christopher . i just pulled out my caliper and measured the knurled end and it is 0.191 inch or 4.85mm . hope that helps you .
has cid but not talking except for answer system-read your description on amazon you will have to subscribe to caller id with your phone network provider
when i signed up a while back they were running a promotion- $ 199+tax for 2 years . with tax i paid about $ 254 for 2 years of contract . that 's $ 10.58 including tax , surcharges , etc . not a bad deal . the only thing was i had it pay it up front . i do n't think they have that promotion any more . but you can always call the customer service and ask . their service is rock solid by the way . i think now they are offering a $ 99 year deal . they are saying it will $ 8.33+ tax , surcharge . pretty good deal in my opinion .
by windex and any soft cloth .
yes , the matching pillows are included with the loveseat.randy - my home theater seats
no . just a great calendar .
no , it does't lay flat . that is a nice advantage to the wire bound ones .
i have printed from 24-30
no
yes it is water proof . like a plastic check book cover .
this day minder has 57 sheets in it . those sheets plus the front and back cover do really add up to 1 4 inch ! all of the day minders i 've ever bought are about that thick .
1 1 2 in . tall by 1 inch wide . enough to write birthdays , appointments and reminders !
only if you open it half way ... .its exactly like a hard cover book
it came in some kind of holder
no .
not really.day plabbers give you a whole page.this is set up as a month on two pages calendar style.gives you five lines per day square.perfect if your days are just appts .
i bought and received this item . dates and days are correct . although the calendar pictured on the outer packaging shows thursday as january 1st , the actual calendar itself correctly starts january 1 , 2014 on wednesday . dayrunner item # 061-685y monthly 2014 tabbed calendar size 5.5 '' x8.5 '' .
nope , just calendar pages
i just checked mine , and i can find no address section . i thought they did at one time , but i sure can not find it .
sorry , my son installs the refills . i`ll ask him
it does not
yes , it is just the same as any of the other franklin yearly planners . it just comes at an incredible price .
the classic size .
yes
no they do not . but they are great pens . i use them every day .
yes it does . saturday and sunday are just a bit smaller than the weekdays but there is plenty of room . there is also several options for recording , journaling throughout the book . i just love it !
yes , it handled unopened junk mail easily , including pieces with enclosed sample credit cards . this shredder has been amazing to use .
3x4.25 cm
its fake . defiantly not made out of anything luxurious .
i do n't have the staples button , but i do have other buttons ( ie , `` no ! '' button ) and the volume is just fine . it does vary according to the play volume of what you are recording . it 's plenty loud . just an fyi , the record time is 10 seconds so anything longer wo n't record .
yeah no problem
i do n't know but first check to see if the 5.5 x 8.5 in . pages of this refill are the same size ( 5.5 x 8.5 ) of the planner you are currently using . if so check out the fact this refill has 7 holes and look at the placement of the holes on this refill in comparison to the placement of the rings on your day planner .
sorry to inform you that these are pre-loaded with no duplicated colors and fulfilled by amazon .
yes ... they work very well
yes .my husband has hus outside his shop .
hello hally , yes , you can scan , fax , and copy using the document feeder on top . the dell b1165nfw specs is indicating the following : ++++++++++++hands-free convenience : fax , scan or copy up to 40 sheets at once , hands-free , with an automatic document feeder ( adf ) .++++++++++++regards , rri04 08 2014+++++++++
you can print any picture u have on your phone . as long as u save the instagram picture and open it with the application u can print anything .
yes , okidata uses oki mc362 ( fax ) . like brother ; brother pc-fax is simply a facsimile user interface application tool just like : hp fax , dell fax , pc-fax , faxzero , etc . these applications allow how you modify the `` print '' options in the print dialog box of a document . when you select file > print in a document , simply select the output source from the drop-down window for the output options . select oki mc362 ( fax ) and the `` select recipients '' box appears . enter the name of the recipient ; fax number ; comments . click ok and you 're done . having been in the information technology industry as a printer server administrator and field technician : i love and recommend the okidata printer line . overall , i 'm 1000 % satisfied with my okidata mc362w ... especially the amazon price . thank you , herman yes , okidata uses oki mc362 ( fax ) . like brother ; brother pc-fax is simply a facsimile user interface application tool just like : hp fax , dell fax , pc-fax , faxzero , etc . these applications allow how you modify the `` print '' options in the print dialog box of a document . when you select file > print in a document , simply select the output source from the drop-down window for the output options . select oki mc362 ( fax ) and the `` select recipients '' box appears . enter the name of the recipient ; fax number ; comments . click ok and you 're done . having been in the information ... » read more yes , okidata uses oki mc362 ( fax ) . like brother ; brother pc-fax is simply a facsimile user interface application tool just like : hp fax , dell fax , pc-fax , faxzero , etc . these applications allow how you modify the `` print '' options in the print dialog box of a document . when you select file > print in a document , simply select the output source from the drop-down window for the output options . select oki mc362 ( fax ) and the `` select recipients '' box appears . enter the name of the recipient ; fax number ; comments . click ok and you 're done . having been in the information technology industry as a printer server administrator and field technician : i love and recommend the okidata printer line . overall , i 'm 1000 % satisfied with my okidata mc362w ... especially the amazon price . thank you , herman « show less
hi mark,100-sheet multi-purpose tray for labels , envelopes , transparencies , and thicker media up to 80 lb . cover ( 220 gsm ) . they can print everything from 3 '' x 5 '' cards to banner-size sheets up to 8.5 '' x 52 '' 2 .
printer and ink cartridge .
no
it is as that 's what is running on my laptop now !
i have a 20 '' monitor on mine . it handles it well . probably could handle one slightly larger ( maybe 22 '' ? ) there is a weight adjustment on the spring that allows for varying sizes weights of monitors .
the 6931 has a built in answering machine ... could that be the difference ?
ok , i measured the exterior - which is exactly 40 inches - so the short answer is 'no ' , but , the long answer is 'yes , if you have the screw cap a little loose to allow the fit - in that case you should secure the cap by duct tape or something ' .
dan wagner . words are read clearly , though he gets quiet at times . my husband likes his voice .
i 've been in photography my whole life and used the finest epson photo printers and canons too , and this little brother does just fine as long as you use quality photo paper and select the paper type ( and other settings ) in the `` preferences '' before you print . do some tests using various settings to find your favorites . note that `` matte '' paper is much less costly than other types and that `` semi-gloss '' is much preferable to `` gloss '' ( it 's what the pros use ) .
i do n't see a headset jack on the handsets at all . the was a time long ago that i would have looked for that but never thought about it when i bought these.i do n't think you can pair any type of headset to these phones . the retro handset has no purpose that i can think of , aside from maybe trying to sell it on ebay , if i can remember where i put it .
yes it works on all newer models and if you leave the device on it stays on that 's why i bought the one with the on off switch if your battery goes dead while the devices on it will fry the device
yes it does . and long long battery life . announces incoming calls by name if in your phone book . uploaded 2000 frommy cell .
i 've never had to fully extend it . i will be using it again on thursday . if that is n't to late to provide you an answer , i will do so then .
for the dcp-7065dn model ... .1. open the front door to access the toner2 . press the `` clear '' button.3 . press the `` start '' button . ( when you press start the screen should clear . ) 4 . press the `` ↓ '' or `` down arrow '' button.5 . press the `` ↑ '' or `` up arrow '' button . ( when you press the down arrow an `e0′ should appear , which will change to '00′ when you press the up arrow ) 6. press the `` ok '' button . ( when it say s `accepted ' ) 7. close the front door . for the dcp-7065dn model ... .1. open the front door to access the toner2 . press the `` clear '' button.3 . press the `` start '' button . ( when you press start the screen should clear . ) 4 . press the `` ↓ '' or `` down arrow '' button.5 . press the `` ↑ '' or `` up arrow '' button . ( when you press the down arrow an `e0′ should appear , which will change to '00′ when you press the up arrow ) 6. press the `` ok '' button . ( when it ... » read more for the dcp-7065dn model ... .1. open the front door to access the toner2 . press the `` clear '' button.3 . press the `` start '' button . ( when you press start the screen should clear . ) 4 . press the `` ↓ '' or `` down arrow '' button.5 . press the `` ↑ '' or `` up arrow '' button . ( when you press the down arrow an `e0′ should appear , which will change to '00′ when you press the up arrow ) 6. press the `` ok '' button . ( when it say s `accepted ' ) 7. close the front door . « show less
the large model is 18 . `` x11.25 '' at the surface with 11.25 '' leg segments , the small is 16 '' x11.25 '' with 10 '' leg segments . the mouse is just an add-on approximately 6 '' square that attaches to the side of the table top , designed to hold a mouse or similar sized objects .
i do n't think it is high enough , but not sure .
about 30 pages can be feed and not by one page at a time feed .
the printer can be networked either wirelessly or using network cables . i have 3 computers on the network that can print to the printer . i prefer to use cables versus wireless , just for more reliability . i do not own a samsung tablet or smartphone . however , according to the owner 's manual , if your device has near field communication ( nfc ) , you can install the samsung mobile print app and print directly to the printer by holding it over the nfc tag on the top front left of the printer . the nfc and the print app takes care of everything , no other driver or network connection is needed .
yes the same , possibly a new model with a differnt chip set or color . it has cas , for 3-d graphing you may have to download the os update from casio ( when it first came out it did n't have it )
those ( blue and yellow ) are not elastic accessories . those are colored folders to show that you can place folders in those pockets . the elastic accessory part of the padfolio is located where you can hold pens ... as shown in the images on amazon and just down and to the right where , assuming , you can place your cell phone or maybe a calculator ... ? great buy !
yes
the front is curved so the dept ranges from 18-19 inches .
it leans pretty far back maybe 45 degrees , but its very very flimsy . the back on mine broke after about 6 months of moderate use . cheap plastic
yes you can
it 's a pleasing `` beep '' sound ... i do n't know how else to describe it . it 's also loud enough to hear without being overpowering ...
24mm : tz-151�ctz-251�ctz-451�ctz-551�ctz-651�ctz-75118mm : tz-141�ctz-241�ctz-441�ctz-541�ctz-641�ctz-74112mm,9mm,6mm�cmore ... .
yes , it does . it includes a monthly calendar for each month , in addition to the weekly pages .
i am pretty sure you are limited to 8 and a half inches wide-you would have to scan partials and piece together . maybe put together in a software program . i am guessing it would be a lot of time and trouble to be perfect . i do think this is a great product but would personally not use for large projects .
no , it 's a hook for a retail peg like on a retail store wall .
yes , that is my primary use for it . i use it with my toshiba satellite laptop computer and it works great !
no it is not but it is so pretty !
5-10 secs . yes i think its faster b c its a smaller surface area .
yes you can . it is backwards but in our case , that does n't matter because you can still read it . keep it simple with not too much information so people driving by can read it fast .
`` choose '' means to get a new telephone number . `` port '' means to switch ( keep ) your current telephone number to the new service .
ld products has a complete line of cartridges for the canon printers . ldproducts.com i have used them for years without problems .
do n't use it for envelopes . paper capacity is about 20 sheets . use it very lightly , but it works well . cartridges are not very high capacity , to put it mildly
yes
bpo telecom sent both an email and a regular mail letter with the information to use the calling card . there is no `` card '' - just the email and the regular mail letter .
hishelf life is 24monthsregardsprinterknow
hi we have access numbers from all the countries you requested . zurich , rome and santo domingo the price to call from any of these countries to the usa will be 2 cents per minute .
while it does not support a battery power option , you could purchase a apc battery backup for the times when energy is down .
yes with an excellent document feed .
do n't know if it is an updated version but we have not had a single paper jam since we purchased it approximately 6 months ago .
4.25 '' x 3 '' x 3 4 '' thick
yes , i bought on amazon , be careful of ooma new pricing policy , was thinking of charging per extension
yes , it is like writing in paper , it saves the strokes immediately .
yes
there is only one swiper in this transaction
there are 4 brother cartridges : lc101m ( red ) , lc101c ( blue ) , lc101y ( yellow ) , and lc103bk ( black ) .
width is 22 '' but you need access to the paper trays on the left end.depth is 23 '' with the rear manual feed slot open and the output catcher unfolded.height is 12-1 2 '' with the cover closed . the footprint of the base is 19-1 2 '' wide and 13-3 4 '' deep.hope this helps .
yes it will . this is a great mobile scanner . i have n't had any problems with it .
find your bluetooth setting in your settings and turn the key pad on the switch is on the right , then once you have the bluetooth set up open push the bluetooth button on the keyboard and it should connect
yes
the lc101 package states that page yield information can be obtained from : www.brother.com pageyield . my printer , the mfc-j870dw , is not listed on that link . you can contact brother support if you still ca n't find the information for your printer .
refurbished cartridges last longer than the oem versions . i have had mine for about four months and i am on my second cartridge . the first oem cartridge went out after three weeks and the refurbished i 'm still using . i print quite a bit since this is my work printer .
correct
hello and thank you for your interest in our product , if 1 unit is purchased it ships as followsin 1 box 26 '' l x 26 '' w x 16 '' h , and is 28lbs.please feel free to contact me for further assistance.thanks again andrea
yes , i used a damp wash cloth and it comes right off . i primed the paper by rubbing chalk all over it first before drawing anything on it . hopes that helps !
sure . the brother provides the software for both pc and mac osx . i used it for both os . the cd comes with the scanner has it . also , you could download it from brother .
it 's an error in the description . it 's only a scanner .
yes . i hooked up mine to a mac .
the zipper is on the bottom corner seam .
the only thing i can think of is check if it 's supposed to work with your operating system . mine loaded and worked like a breeze on vista .
messed up my printer , would not buy again . stick to epson brand !
from what i can tell on the information about your printer , yes , it should work . you normally use the 200 xl , right ? so these should work for you . i normally use the 200 , and the 200 xl worked on my printer . just remember that when you replace the cartridge , your printer will probably give you an error message asking if you are sure you want to use the cartridge because they are not genuine epson . if you just keep answering `` yes '' or `` continue '' it will eventually allow you to use the cartridges . in case you have any problems , though , the ink comes with a note from the company with a phone number to call if you do experience problems . you would just need your order number . it 's worth a shot to try these ; i know some others have expressed problems , but i have not had any problems at all and these are sooooo much cheaper ! from what i can tell on the information about your printer , yes , it should work . you normally use the 200 xl , right ? so these should work for you . i normally use the 200 , and the 200 xl worked on my printer . just remember that when you replace the cartridge , your printer will probably give you an error message asking if you are sure you want to use the cartridge because they are not genuine epson . if you just keep answering `` yes '' or `` continue '' it will eventually allow you to use the cartridges . in case you have any problems , though , the ink comes with a note from the ... » read more from what i can tell on the information about your printer , yes , it should work . you normally use the 200 xl , right ? so these should work for you . i normally use the 200 , and the 200 xl worked on my printer . just remember that when you replace the cartridge , your printer will probably give you an error message asking if you are sure you want to use the cartridge because they are not genuine epson . if you just keep answering `` yes '' or `` continue '' it will eventually allow you to use the cartridges . in case you have any problems , though , the ink comes with a note from the company with a phone number to call if you do experience problems . you would just need your order number . it 's worth a shot to try these ; i know some others have expressed problems , but i have not had any problems at all and these are sooooo much cheaper ! « show less
the holders can be moved sideways in either direction ( left or right ) to turn pages . but they can also be pulled toward you to move pages . you have a choice . i have no trouble moving my holders either way .
i returned the epson scanner because it was n't wireless i purchased the fujitsu scansnap ix500 it is wireless and so far perfect
not long and cartridges seem linked we have had to replace cartridges and then had problems getting them to work . had to clean and align 4 times to get them to work .
just over 32 inches
yes
really well . i 'm totally pleased with this printer .
yes
hello , yes , the ink and the lead can be replaced.thanks
18.5 inches
the drawers slide on what appears to be nylon blocks but the loaded drawers slide very easily .
it 's 18 wide and 14 deep and 7 1 2 '' high .
supported sizes for photo printing are : 4 '' x 6 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 8 '' x 10 '' , and 8.5 '' x 11 '' , at 16:9 wide.thanks , pcrush
yes just tear up and away from machine . i bought this machine for my shipping company , i make hundreds of labels a day . i have had no problem with it catching or misprinting . it is an excellent printer
yes . it is included .
if you keep getting this error message consistently , there may be a problem with the chips for each cartridge . if you are only getting this on one cartridge , try removing and re-installing the cartridge . be sure that you push hard enough so that the cartridge is fully seated in the cartridge slot . look at the release mechanism for the cartridge and be sure that the release is in the full up position . you should hear a distinct click when the cartridge is fully seated and locked in place . let me know what happens after you do this . i hope this will resolve your problem . i have had this happen with my epson pinter from time to time . i just remove and reinsert all cartridges one at a time and make sure each cartridge is fully seated and locked into place . i have had the error message clear after this removal reinsertion process . if you keep getting this error message consistently , there may be a problem with the chips for each cartridge . if you are only getting this on one cartridge , try removing and re-installing the cartridge . be sure that you push hard enough so that the cartridge is fully seated in the cartridge slot . look at the release mechanism for the cartridge and be sure that the release is in the full up position . you should hear a distinct click when the cartridge is fully seated and locked in place . let me know what happens after you do this . i hope this will resolve your problem . i have had this ... » read more if you keep getting this error message consistently , there may be a problem with the chips for each cartridge . if you are only getting this on one cartridge , try removing and re-installing the cartridge . be sure that you push hard enough so that the cartridge is fully seated in the cartridge slot . look at the release mechanism for the cartridge and be sure that the release is in the full up position . you should hear a distinct click when the cartridge is fully seated and locked in place . let me know what happens after you do this . i hope this will resolve your problem . i have had this happen with my epson pinter from time to time . i just remove and reinsert all cartridges one at a time and make sure each cartridge is fully seated and locked into place . i have had the error message clear after this removal reinsertion process . « show less
the replacement toner cartridge is an sp 201la ( http : www.ricoh-usa.com products product_details.aspx ? cid=2 &scid; =2 &pid; =2620 &ptm; =accessories # pdtfeatures )
you get the whole thing , but you need your own handle device to fit this into .
there is a piece of plastic ribbon on top , labeled `` pull '' . this should be the only thing you need to remove before inserting the cartridge .
i 'm not sure jermaine says to hold down button , what buttonkristal
hi marina , unfortunately it ca n't be shipped to brazil and we do n't have a distributor there currently . we will let you know if we setup a distributor there ! thanks .
you can connect to the 2540 with your wireless device . other than that , i do n't know of a difference . here 's a pdf brochure that shows them both : www.bmstech.com.au brochures hp deskjet1510.pdf
as long as it 's light . the paper shredder oil is n't that expensive and is just a very light oil , like air tool or gun oil .
it is fairly thick , has rounded corners and is fairly durable . not sure it would be easy to 'trim '
i purchased 3 for gifts , and regrettably had to return two . i suggest you return it to the company you purchased it from . i was extremely disappointed in this product .
grasp the bottom1 3 of the pen . hold top 2 3. you will need strong fingers to unscrew into 2 parts . luckily the bottom 1 3 is rubberized for a good grip . don ' t like them for doing crosswords -- going back to my old standard -- paper mate erasermate . i threw my refills away so i would n't be tempted .
i only use mac and it worked well although i had to go online to get the driver for osx mavericks .
i bought it for my son so he is the one using it . when he types in the next room , with door closed , i can hear it pretty loudly . i used to own an ibm electric typewriter in the past - that one was quiet . since this typewriter is completely mechanical , no electric parts at all , the noise level might be normal for this design type . my son loves using this typewriter though and we 're happy with the purchase .
in response to your request , please know that the size of the cabinet is legal sized -- sheldon amazon
yes , if there are a few small pieces i generally place all of them together , laminate and then cut themto the shapes . else you can cut to your preferred size ans is done well .
all three positions use vesa mounts , so no screw holes will not work .
i had the product code tag from office max and when i looked at amazon , it was the same chair . i was looking to buy one locally for my son at college but there was no local office max . found it on amazon , same chair , less expensive , no tax and delivered .
mine came with simpe instructions and even had an allen wrench included . i remember the arms were labeled l for left and r for right . i had never assembled anything like that before and was able to do it with the instructions . like previous responder , it 's been over a year and that 's all i remember about the assembly .
no
yes !
i have an ipad 3 which measures 9 1 2 inches from end to end horizontally . the slot on the desk is 10 inches long so it can hold a slightly bigger tablet ( 1 2 inch bigger then ipad3 ) .
the top is a very hard plastic .
it can scan both color and black and white documents and photos .
yes i am using the above scanner software with windows 8.1
this printer will no longer print if it runs out of one ink . i have the printer and have experienced it .
yes , it fits . thanks
no , it holds wide shipping tape . my tape is 1.88 '' wide .
if you tighten everything very well i would say yes . i have mine tightened in one position right now and am using it as a small table cause do n't have a laptop at this time .
there is an intercom between the handsets and base unit.see also vtech 's website for more info at , http : www.vtechphones.com products product_detail 2359
24 sheets of paper , 48 pages if you use front and back .
the packaging and software states that it is windows 8 compatible ; i saw no difference in connecting the printer to my win 8 desktop . i made installs on win7 & and win xp computers also . the installation software will advise you whether or not updates and new firmware are available . it was a seamless process for me .
long enough but not wide enough for 8.5 x 11 flat .
unfortunately we are unable to send out test samples . you can match the specifications with the measurements of your product . if needed you can purchase one and then if it fits go for more . if not then you can return it within the allotted days by amazon.con
you can adjust zooming as follows:1 ) power the unit.2 ) press the right arrow and the ok enter buttons simultaneously.3 ) at the `` setup option '' screen , press the left arrow button & the ok enter simultaneously.4 ) press the right arrow button twice to highlight `` winrange '' and press ok enter.5 ) press the right arrow button to zoom-out or the left arrow button to zoom-in.6 ) press ok enter button to finalize setting.7 ) press convert mode button to exit setup option .
yes it will ! that is what we purchased it for , we have 2 d40s
it is recognized as a usb device on win 7. the software ( magicscan ? ) never worked for me , so i scan to the included sd card and then copy over , that works ok. i would call the taotronics help line to confirm , they are quite responsive .
mine are brand new , not refurbished . i honestly do n't know if there 's a warranty . for the money , i think they 're a good buy . i 've had several months and no problems to report .
i bought this for my mom . she has the 5s and she says it works fine .
i ca n't answer that . i will say that when we tried to put them into the printer , several leaked - and badly ! i purchased others last year which were not problematic and they seemed to last about as long as a regular hp cartridge . the vendor promised to replace the damaged items but has yet to follow through with their promise .
they have worked for my xp 410 so far . the 410 will give you an error message saying `` you have not installed genuine epson ink cartridges . the quality or reliability of non genuine ink can not be guaranteed and it may cause damage to your product not covered by epson 's warranty . information about ink levels may not be displayed , and use of non-genuine ink is recorded for possible use in service support . for optimum quality and reliability epson recommends using genuine epson ink . '' ( what else are they going to say ? ) then it will ask you if you want to continue using the non-genuine ink . i have been for a bit now came have n't noticed any problems with my printer , no noticeable difference in quality ( i usually only print basic text documents , mostly black and white , occasionally a little bit of color , so i can not speak to trying to print anything professional grade with it . ) in short , in my experience , yes , the cartridges will work with a xp 410 , but the warning may be worth noting depending on what you typically print . they have worked for my xp 410 so far . the 410 will give you an error message saying `` you have not installed genuine epson ink cartridges . the quality or reliability of non genuine ink can not be guaranteed and it may cause damage to your product not covered by epson 's warranty . information about ink levels may not be displayed , and use of non-genuine ink is recorded for possible use in service support . for optimum quality and reliability epson recommends using genuine epson ink . '' ( what else are they going to say ? ) then it will ask you if you want to continue using the non-genuine ... » read more they have worked for my xp 410 so far . the 410 will give you an error message saying `` you have not installed genuine epson ink cartridges . the quality or reliability of non genuine ink can not be guaranteed and it may cause damage to your product not covered by epson 's warranty . information about ink levels may not be displayed , and use of non-genuine ink is recorded for possible use in service support . for optimum quality and reliability epson recommends using genuine epson ink . '' ( what else are they going to say ? ) then it will ask you if you want to continue using the non-genuine ink . i have been for a bit now came have n't noticed any problems with my printer , no noticeable difference in quality ( i usually only print basic text documents , mostly black and white , occasionally a little bit of color , so i can not speak to trying to print anything professional grade with it . ) in short , in my experience , yes , the cartridges will work with a xp 410 , but the warning may be worth noting depending on what you typically print . « show less
yes you do not need to put anything together . just take it out of the box .
i do not know what is a poe splitter . i use the uattend in my business and just plug and play
try those removable hooks from 3m or so that they sell . they supposedly guarantee that they wo n't damage the wall and are removable when you want to take them down . that said , i 'm not sure it would hold the weight of the paper you would put in this file , so check the package of the hooks to find out if they 'll hold it .
you 're trying to get more out of this equipment than it 's capable of . this cutter is just that ... a cutter . it 's not a precision trimmer . if all you need to do is chop a stack of paper in two , this tool will do the job ... mostly . if you 're trimming paper or card stock to exact dimensions , you 'll probably discover the same thing i did : you spent too much money on a tool that just chops - and not enough for a tool that actually trims .
yes
it is a three in one print scan copy
careful . my cartridge did not even fit in the place . also it is more likely not detected by your printer as brother . i would not buy . any review from 2014 on amazon are old and you do n't see reviews for 2015 that tell you such cartridges work .
yes no problem
these do not say swarovski , and are a tiny bit less sparkly than my swarovski , but they are still so pretty !
outside width is about 21 1 2 '' and opening beneath is about 18 1 2 '' . apple imac fits fine .
the cushioning on the chair i received is n't great . the edges are hard and cause some discomfort on the backside of where i sit . if they 've updated the cushioning in the last two months , you may be in better luck than me .
yes
if you want an answer ( rather than a lesson in basic electronics ) then this unit is about 265w . that 's based on what is printed on the bottom of the shredder component ( 120v and 2.2a . ) if you 're going to bring this to a country with 220v ( like i am ) , i 'd suggest a 300w or higher voltage converter .
pls do not buy this chair . it is designed very odd . faulty design . its definitely not comfortable
yes can be done but you must have and ip pbx or a hosted service with that you can recive call and tranfer to other external numbers or extentions
they tray is outside
true , `` grey scale '' will only print black in draft quality . i use it all the time . therefore , it does save ink ... both black and color . however , the color cartridge will deplete over time due system cleaning . furthermore , the printer will not function without a full or partially full color cartridge .
no it wo n't . i disagree with the previous two answers . it automatically stops when the ink runs out on any cartridge . your computer screen warns you first and then when the printer stops your screen shows which cartridge has run out of ink . i keep two sets of refillable cartridges so i have no down time when the ink runs out . i just replace the dry one and refill it while the printer continues doing its job .
yes it does .
i had red specks on my paper . had to run cleaning routine several times . also suggest you look at cartridge to see if it has toner on it
yes
yes
sorry not yet
search the app at first , the left point is used to print
i have not officially weighed it but it feels about 10-12 lbs folded up to lift .
it will hold over 100great machinewe really love it
the square app . download free from app store .
a quick look at the paper tray shows that it has a centered paper feed with two tabs that move open and closed together to auto center the paper .
should we could sell you ours not big enough for our campground . rustictimbersdcc @ gmail .
too many to count .
auto shut off kicks in after 60 seconds of idle.no . you have to touch it use it within the 60 secs period .
yes , there is an option for slides or negatives
yes , it works very well with my iphone 4s , i did not have any problem so far . great pics !
hi , yes they will work with your order , and we offer a 100 % satisfaction guarantee , please contact us with any issues , thank you
metal .
yes , you can pair it with apple , android and windows.works great , very fast reading , very accurate , the battery last long
yes you can . press menu - > settings - > handset name . you will have to do this with each handset . good luck !
i checked my owners manual and it states `` this product is designed for use in the united states of america '' . the manual also says in the specifications section `` power source : 120v ac , 60 hz '' . i would think that it would not work on 240. hope this helps .
yes , this telephone does have the talking caller id feature . full details can be found in the below link . http : shop.panasonic.com docs operating-instruction 2014 phone kxtge210-mul.pdf # page=37
it does not have a headphone jack in either the handset or the base . however , it does have a speaker phone button on both the handset and the base . the phone is a nice basic phone . it has an intercom button and a find button . hope this helps .
i think so just the ink has to be liquids : _ )
yes , but ... odd that 6 months after purchase the replace toner light is flashing . as we use this for home use and are n't prolific printers , seems odd it should need replacing already . nevertheless , we still like the printer overall .
nope
michael , i worked for hp 13 years and although i am no longer with hp this printer is the best wireless for home use . it does not need to be near a computer . i have my phone which is samsung , dell computer , my daughters apple tablet and vaio all connected wireless . this works for us !
yes , almost instantly , which is surprising for a color laser .
no . you have the option to use the usb cable directly or you can configure it for wireless . you can choose either option .
no it does n't . it 's just a printer .
not an issue . it moves up and forward away from the wall desk .
it comes with a starter cartridge , which is supposed to last half the time of the real cartridge or about 500 text pages at 5 % black coverage . the box contains the printer , the power cable , and a cd with windows and linux drivers and a manual . it does not contain an usb printer cable .
i 'm having the same problem and also posted the question to amazon .
yes , it will
yes - hi-speed usb 2.0 - i use a usb cable to hook to my ancient hp desk top -
yes - windows 8.x ; also windows xp professional x64 edition & windows xp sp3 ; windows 7 & windows vista ;
i do n't know how it does it but it says it does automatic 2 sided scanning - you do n't have to scan both sides manually .
yes . but keep in mind that you have to have at least 9 inches clearance behind the printer to open back door .
it does for me
