can anyone tell me the measurement of the leaves ?
what are the colors ?
are the times printed as shown in the picture ? can you change the times on the cards ?
is the bottom edge bound like a `` book binding '' as well , or are the accordian folds exposed ?
can the paper be replace ?
does anyone have photos of the inside ? just wondering how the pages are laid out - how many days per page , room for writing , etc .
can this journal open flat ?
does it have the ability to highlight verses ? does it have a place you can keep a record of your favorite verses ?
what size paper fits into the pockets ?
is the pockets for the numbers standard size of number cards so i can change them to different seasons ?
is this spiral bound ?
the way the `` other '' version does ?
what is the length of the pen ?
ok , so how do you print a backslash on this thing ?
since it comes with installed batteries , a bad idea in my opinion , has anyone had to replace them right away ?
how do i change the decimal mode ?
what type of battery ?
is the age that important
can a ti86 perform trig ?
what weight are these cards ?
is this item an oem original ?
what is the differnce between a texas instrument ti 30x second calculator and the ba 2 plus financial calculator ?
how do you do multiple pages ? how many pages goes through on onefaxcall . is the maximum , 10 pages and then you have to call again ?
should i buy it ?
what is the expiration date ?
is this paper thick enough to withstand coloring with colored pencils ?
anyone use it on `` wallet-size '' photos ? how well does it fit ?
will this calculator be good for pre-algebra and through calculus ?
are the buttons soft touch or hard plastic ?
do you need to purchase any cartridges , ribbon or anything else to get started ?
do the keys work correctly ?
does this allow for typing in german ?
would it hold a small 17 inch bathroom mirror above the sink ?
how do you get the double sided mounting tape off of the wall ?
can this tape hold up a mirror on a closet door ?
about how many sheets will each individual slot hold ?
does it matter what type of printer you use to print these ?
will these labels work in a seiko smart label printer ?
what the `` weight '' of these is ? are they close to a heavier business card weight or somewhere between regular printer paper and card stock ?
is this the label that when you peel it from the backing there is still white unused label above and below the part you printed on and removed ?
re avery 3265. description says `` perforated '' but illustration of box says `` one card per sheet . '' want one card that folds w o breaking . which is it ?
is this paper acid free ?
i have a 28 in space to install in . what is the width needed to install with hardware ?
is this one 110v or 220v ?
is the jack hard wired in , or can i change out the cord for a longer one ?
is the ringer a old fashioned bell ?
what are the differences between the franklin 6000 and the franklin 6000b ?
this is the origional package but some say new packaging ? remanufactured ?
does this come with a charger ?
does it come with a usb cord for laptops ? and is the hole part where u plug the usb into like a headphone hole ?
do they come in hp original retail box ? what is the expiration date ?
is this made in china ?
what is the # ( pound ) of card stock ?
what is the actual size of the calculator ?
how do you program phone numbers on this phone ?
the picture of the product shows a box with 10 reams , 500 sheets ream . can you confirm i woudl actually be receiving 10 reams and not one ream ?
what ribbon do i order ?
is this the 8mil or the 10mil paper ?
i have designed a painting i want to paint on a 6 foot by 6 foot wall . will this machine project the picture on the wall so i can paint it ?
when you retrie voice mail , does the date time stamp also include the called from phone number ?
users guide
can u tell me the `` use before '' date ?
can u tell me the `` use before '' date ?
does this phone have caller id capability if i have this service from the phone company ? i do n't see the numbers on the display ?
can you us this with a laser jet printer ?
what is the expiration date on the ink cartridge ?
what are the expiration dates of your 27 black cartridges ?
does this phone work without having the 3-aaa batteries in it ? will this telephone work with a headset without installing the 3-aaa batteries ? are the batteries only for backup in case of power outages or something , or are they necessary to operate the telephone ? panasonic kx-ts105b integrated business corded phone - black does this phone work without having the 3-aaa batteries in it ? will this telephone work with a headset without installing the 3-aaa batteries ? are the batteries only for backup in case of power ... » read more does this phone work without having the 3-aaa batteries in it ? will this telephone work with a headset without installing the 3-aaa batteries ? are the batteries only for backup in case of power outages or something , or are they necessary to operate the telephone ?
does it display caller id ?
will this scanner scan a photo in jpg format .
is this a genuine brother oem new unit ?
do you need the stamper to work with these , or can you adhere without it ?
does it work with mac ?
does the printout include decimals and commas ?
does it do well with newspapers ?
how many pounds is this rated to hold ?
does it make photos look like disposable cameras do ?
is this like the old ti 92 qwerty graphing calculator ? my old ti92 calculator finally broke and i am in desperate need to replace it . does this voyage model replace the old ti 92 ? i mean ... .is it just as good or even better than my old one ?
used on cars ? i 'm just wondering if anyone has tried to use these as magnetic bumper stickers on cars . are they strong enough to stick to a car ?
will it hold tv ?
does the tray tilte ?
does this software come with a jewel case , dvd ... ... . template to allow you to import images to creat cover art ?
i ca n't use the ink cartridge in my printer , so does the paper have the postcard stuff on it already or do you have to print that yourself ?
does this come with power box cord ?
does it support twain drivers ?
does everyone agree ?
what weight is the oil as i can possibly use it for other applications ?
can anyone tell me if this one is made in usa ?
does it come already assembled ?
whats the smallest size of spline can use 3 16 ? can one do the 8 1 2 side of the paper ?
will this cut heavier quality poster board ?
1. how many names per page ?
what are the dimensions of the stamped area ? how many letters per line ? what 's the font ?
does this time clock have a bell ringer for breaks and lunch ?
does it calculate overtime ?
can this be wall mounted ?
how many pages does the ledger have ?
what is the stacking strength on these boxes ?
what is the gauge of these pages , i.e . 6.5 ?
any chance of fitting 2 sheets of paper in 1 protector ?
can you use dry erase markers on these ?
what are the dimensions
is this time clock suitable for a nightwatchman 's rounds and can be stamped once every hour without overprinting .
what material is it made from ?
i heard that this chair pad has a chemical smell . is this true ?
having a terrible time w achilles trade . connect buy : may i please specify a red & a blue in an order for 2 ?
what printer do you use to print this paper ?
does it have an eraser ?
will these refills work in the phd multi ? it definitely does n't look like what 's inside my multi .
i have a zebra f-301 ( 0.7mm refill ) will a 1.6mm refill work in my pen ?
will this catridge fit desk pen set ?
if you 're mounting it to a horizontal surface thick can the surface be ?
how do you refill the led
do these come pre sharpened ?
what colours come in the set ? : )
what colors do you get ?
does it have an undated calendar ?
is it sticky enough to discourage cats from stepping on it ?
what power source
how well do they fit on the pencil ? i bought a few ( do n't know the brand ) and they are too loose and just fall off . do these fit fairly snuggly ?
our teacher requested a 3-pack of magic rub erasers ? does the 12-pack come with 4 3-packs or 12 individual erasers ?
what if you accidentally get a sharpie mark on your skin ? will it stick like a tattoo ?
how is the spray cleaner when used on dry erase marker that 's been left on the whiteboard for a long time ?
does it jam easily
are they made in usa ?
i there anyway to adjust the stapler ?
will standard staples ( swingline stock # 35108 ) fit ?
will this fold multiple pages together ( e.g. , a 3 page letter ) , or does it only fold i sheet at at time ?
is this the dry lift off tape ? i am trying to make sure it is exactly what i have purchased before . i have product # 11439 , is this the same product ?
how do you set the time , date , year , etc .
i am looking for a planner i can customize for my business , is it large enough i could add a sleeve to hold blank documents and still zip shut ?
what is the actual paper stock ?
is this paper acid free and lignin free . is it appropriate for archival .
are the tires inflatable or full rubber ?
is it 4 or 6 ?
can you display a whole month calendar ?
so does this laminate need to have outer edges touching to stay adhered , or can you trim the item you 're laminating to the edge ?
are they blank can you add your company name ?
how easily do the pages erase ?
can i use them vertically ?
would these work on a 1 2 ounce sized , round tin ?
can this also be use with a hook lanyard ?
do they have a foil rim like pictured on box ?
what type of cartridge it uses ?
are they self-stick ?
is the print paper plain paper or inked ?
can the shelves be taken off completely ?
how do i open it
will this fit the sharp xe-102 ?
will the ph-40 work with my easyshare printer dock 3 ?
will this be effective on carpet ?
are these erasers made of the same material as the pentel click eraser refills zer2bp-k6 ?
can this hold a reguler size paper ?
how wide is this stand ?
can you use a headset with this phone ?
also , once in place are these protectors top loading or side loading ?
does it work with win 7 and how do you get the drivers for win 7 ?
is it compatible with win7 ?
i need to repair a crack in my cars coolant reserve tank ( plastic holds the hot green coolant ) . the coolant will get extremely hot , how will it work ?
is thus trimmer really precise ?
what colors does it come in ?
is the paper here scored down the middle so i can fold them in half after printing ?
is it glossy on both sides ?
do these come with a reusable case like the pens ?
up to what year does this stamp go ?
do the colored tabs come off ?
are the punch heads moveable ?
please can anyone advise how wide the opening is to hook over the divider .
does the tape actually stay separated from the roll when not in use , or does it fall back down and get stuck on there ?
does it have usb connection ?
does anyone know ! how many mil is this paper thick ?
is this the original toner or just a refurbished one ?
is this printer compatible with windows 7 ?
do the numbers on the dial light up when the receiver is picked up to make a call ?
will it work with voice over internet protocol phone services such as magic jack , ooma and vonage ?
can i buy just the receiver ( handset ) for this phone any where ?
i have 3 monitors , one is 22 inches and the other 2 are dell dual monitors about 20 inches , would these fit on this desk ?
does the paper work well for fountain pens ?
what is the actual tone of the paper ? is it light grey ? white ? bright white like snow ?
what is the length of these paperclips ?
i have a friskar paper cutter that uses a round 1 1 2 disk with a hole in the middle . can you please tell me where i can get replacements ? shirley
how many bill slots are there ?
when you peel the sticker off to use it , is the adhesive in the proper shape of the cut-out you inserted , or do you have to trim the adhesive ?
mac os compatible ?
help ! my class requires a ba ii plus fin calc. & but isbn bring up prof.are they the same ?
11-12-13 ?
is this in the retail box ?
will it work with windows 8.1 professional
when the cabinet is full , do you have issues with the item tipping when you pull out a drawer ?
does this coin holder fit in your purse as well ? is it heavy if you completely fill it ?
could i use this to attach magnetic small containers from ikea used for spices ?
how bright is the red color ?
has anyone tried to print on burlap with this printer ?
can the sound be amplified for incoming phone calls ?
does this paper fit the casio inc. hr-100tm business calculator ?
what type of warranty comes with this printer ?
what size paper does it use ?
does the tape fit tight on the core of the holder ?
will these cartriges come sealed in individual packages and in the original lexmark red black box ?
does it come with the official montblanc box ?
multiple lines
what ink cartridge number for epson picturemate personal photo printer
does keyboard retract when not in use ?
clearance between legs
what are the dimensions ?
mounting
where is it made
why are there 3 slots for ink , but manual list 4 cartridges ?
can you not install handle ?
mine worked . now it 's a mess . within a couple weeks . replaced ink ... still is terrible . any ideas or troubleshooting ?
my grandson is 7 and does n't say some words so i can understan them , can he type in a word so he can communicate what he is saying
i noticed this pen comes in many colors . is the one sold here silver as in the picture shown ?
what color is the nib for the extra fine ? is it black , or silver ?
will this printer work to purchase online postage & integrate w ebay & paypal address lists , & work w mac ?
what is the size ?
does this printer can print size 11x17 paper ?
is it wireless
will this fit the ql-700 ?
are these adhesive backed ?
how many labels on the roll ?
does this provide support caller id ?
what ink refill does this take ?
does this phone require ac power supply in addition to the phone line ?
does this set have a white colored sharpie ?
will it work on fabric that is going to be washed often ?
are these matte labels anywhere close to glossy ones ? would you use them on commercial cd albums ?
does it have a handle on top ?
will these work on the polycom soundstation 2w ( # 2201.67880.022 )
is this label the same as the avery 8692 cd labels ? what is the difference ?
will this work with mini disk ?
what 's a tab ?
howbig is this product
what are the exact inside dimensions ?
can it be wall mounted ?
what kind of eraser refills does it use ?
will this machine fold a 2 panel brochure . basically it is a tri fold with the last 1 3 cut off ?
did the product change or is something wrong here ?
hello .
can these be printed on with a copier ?
i would need it to cut 13 '' x 19 '' glossy photo paper along the 19 '' side . will it work for me ?
how would you compare this to the cutterpillar ?
what is the length of this stand ?
are the ac adaptor included in the box ?
does it print seconds ?
we are covering up holes and adhesive marks from previous mailboxes . is the back solid or mesh , and is the whole back covered ?
how thick is the hanger bar that goes over the wall or door ?
is the ink blue or black - item says black but description says blue
how much clearance is below the shelf ?
does the writer also write the numbers and special characters on the micr line ?
do you think the pockets would be able to hold a stack of 3 index cards ?
what 's the expiration date ?
how do you adjust handset volume - rotary volume control , button , something else ?
what width of paper does this calculator use
can you use this as a converter to output sound as opposed to input ?
is the patented `` easy mount '' hanging system included ?
what laminating machine do i have to have to use these ?
do the cards slide in from top or side ?
do these all come in a ( gift ) box or are some packaged by fisher on paperboard card like some of the bullet pens ? made in usa printed on package ?
what is the warranty on this phone ?
does the power supply work with 220v ?
where can i get just the ink pad itself to refill ?
does this feeder work with 3x5 photos or just 4x6 photos ?
can it print color copy ?
i have dsl service only will this work with my system ?
does it print in color ?
has anyone put this on glass ?
does it work with presenter view ? does the logitech 2.4 ghz cordless presenter work with the presenter view offered in powerpoint ? i have used other products for other companies that did not . i find this to be a key selling-point for me . does it work with presenter view ? does the logitech 2.4 ghz cordless presenter work with the presenter view offered in powerpoint ? i have used other products for other companies that did not . i ... » read more does it work with presenter view ? does the logitech 2.4 ghz cordless presenter work with the presenter view offered in powerpoint ? i have used other products for other companies that did not . i find this to be a key selling-point for me . « show less
are the leads refillable ?
i am left handed . do they smear ?
how would this printer be for quantity printing of greeting cards ? how would this printer do at printing 100-200 5x7 cards on heavy cardstock ? i am a photographer and i print holiday cards for clients and am looking for a cost effective way to do this . « show less
i do n't want caller id . do i have to accept it and pay extra on my phone bill ?
does this phone get power from the phone line or does it need to be connected to an electrical outlet ?
what do the numbers count to ? what are all the shapes ?
do the wheels lock ?
is there a way to fax more than one page at a time ? instead of dialing the number over and over ?
is the cork thick enough for staples and push pins ?
what erasers are sold by amazon which fit the staedtler battery operated eraser ?
i 'm returning to fountain pens after a long absence . would it be better to start out with this product or head instead for a permanent fountain pen ?
is the color assortment available in ultra fine point 0.33 mm
are these pre-punched ?
is this product compatible with macbook smartboard in the classroom ?
is the cord on the hand set and phone hardwired in or can it be changed ?
i would like to know about the sizes of pictures you can print . my old picture mate printed two 3x4 inch wallets on a 4x6 . can this one ?
does it already come with printer cartridges ?
are they safe to be placed on apples ?
can it work perfect with 50hz ? and can it work with 220v through external adaptor ?
compatible with imac osx version 10.4.7 ?
just to verify . is this the fx-300es or fx-300es plus ?
how thick of media can it print on
would n't this qualify for pennies as media mail rate , as in 50c for size and under an ounce with disc ?
how to load and use it
how many inches width open under the shelf ?
is it original ?
will the canon cl-41 cartridge work with machines that accept the canon cl-241 cartridge ?
can this calculate surds and logs ?
which finish is being sold , gold or silver ?
what is the maximum amount of time this shredder can run before becoming too hot ?
is the area for the mouse sturdy or does it shake alot ?
does it turn negatives automaticaly to possitive ? or do i need to work on it with photoshop ?
does the monitor wobble at all when typing ?
does this packet come with the software for avery labels . if not , how do i get it
does this one fit hp officejet 6310xi all in one ?
my printer is printing the photos blank . i thought i got a wonky cartridge , so i bought a new one and it 's still printing blanks . ideas ?
scanner does this model have a flat bed scanner ? if it does , how well does it work on text ?
is this unit a canon toner refill or an original canon 104 product new from canon
how many ppm ?
do these carrier sheets work with a document feeder ? do they work with epson models ?
does this printer work with win8 ?
why will not my printer print photos ?
will the 5620 run on windows 7 or 8 ?
is this genuine canon brand ?
what is the minimum height ?
does this product work well on carpet ?
will it work with win 8
how far off the ground is the keyboard shelf ?
can the lid close with label tabs on the hanging folders ?
do you know how big the center hole is ?
i 'm thinking of using these to color coordinate moving boxes so the movers know where to put each box . would you recommend these for that purpose ?
does this item have an expired date on the package ?
does mounting the board require the use of a drill ?
does laser ink dry up over time ? my original lasted 6 yrs , and now says `` toner low '' . at twice the size with the tn580 here , i wonder ?
can anyone tell me the dimension ( length , height , or width ) ?
i ordered the # 78 & # 15 print cartridges , rec 'd today . color works . printer gives me an error when trying to use the blk & white cartridge . now what ?
does it work with windows 8.1 ?
i 'm a little confused on how these go on a disc ... is it like a sticker ?
are these boards magnetic or is there a similar product that is magnetic ?
what are the dimensions of the inner storage area ?
does this pen include the z26 piston converter ?
does the calculator come with a manual ?
are they thick or like cardstock ?
so , just want some opinions from you guys who bought it . i 'm a waiter . is this pouch a decent size to keep money in while serving ?
where are these made ?
my uniden tr9485 will nit receive calls . any ideas .
is it a true 2-line phone ? when registered to a 2-line base , does the 905 allow you to physically choose either line 1 or line 2 to dial out on ? it was hard to determine from the manual , and i 'd like to find out for sure before buying the system . is it a true 2-line phone ? when registered to a 2-line base , does the 905 allow you to physically choose either line 1 or line 2 to dial out on ? it was hard to determine from the manual , ... » read more is it a true 2-line phone ? when registered to a 2-line base , does the 905 allow you to physically choose either line 1 or line 2 to dial out on ? it was hard to determine from the manual , and i 'd like to find out for sure before buying the system . « show less
difference betweentru9465 and tru9485 ?
will it work with windows 8.1 ?
will this work with non ergotron mounts ?
i store my clipboard in my backpack which has several heavy books in it . would this clipboard crack or bend under that weight ?
is this pad legal or college ruled ?
does this foam board have a glossy or matte appearance ?
ink cartridge life my hp720c used a black cartridge per year and a color cartridge every 2 years . what cartridge life might i expect from the 830 ?
is this model a color printer as well ?
will this feed through a laser printer ?
i am looking to place this on a wall that has a slight curve ... is it somewhat flexible ( like a ruler ) that it could me mounted with a curve ?
which is the weight of this photo paper ? ¿cual es el gramaje de este papel ?
v750 vs. v700 - what are the differences ? neither epson 's web site nor amazon summarize the differences between the v700 and v750 models . i think a lot of people would like to know what the extra $ 250 or so gets you - anyone know ? v750 vs. v700 - what are the differences ? neither epson 's web site nor amazon summarize the differences between the v700 and v750 models . i think a lot of people would like to know what the ... » read more v750 vs. v700 - what are the differences ? neither epson 's web site nor amazon summarize the differences between the v700 and v750 models . i think a lot of people would like to know what the extra $ 250 or so gets you - anyone know ? « show less
how many 35mm slides can be scanned at once ?
mac compatible ? does anyone know if this product work with mac os x ?
can this scan multiple pages into one pdf and multiple pages in the feeder to individual pdfs ?
is is compatible with windows 8 ?
rolled
does any one know how to change the date on the fax machine ?
hotspots requiring web based authentication are not supported does this mean that i need to open my home and office network and keep it free for every bypasser to use just to allow this phone to work ? that makes little sense to me . hopefully this restriction only applies to web based authentication and not wifi authentication . please clarify ! hotspots requiring web based authentication are not supported does this mean that i need to open my home and office network and keep it free for every bypasser to use just to allow this phone to ... » read more hotspots requiring web based authentication are not supported does this mean that i need to open my home and office network and keep it free for every bypasser to use just to allow this phone to work ? that makes little sense to me . hopefully this restriction only applies to web based authentication and not wifi authentication . please clarify ! « show less
how long are the legs ?
will it work for 10mil pouch ?
1. is the body of this typewriter metal or plastic , and what is the carrying case made of ?
are these embossed ?
what is the thickness of the blocks ?
can a basic pocket folder fit into the slots easily ?
is the item durable ?
what kind of battery does this use ?
do i need to buy pages ( refills ) for this or does it come with them ?
how many sheets does this file hold ?
would this be ideal for drawing in as a routine sketchbook or pad ?
hp printer compatible with windows vista i am looking for an hp printer copier scanner that is compatible with windows vista with no hiccups . does anyone have a recommendation ?
will this work with windows vista ?
what are the actual dimensions ( width & depth ) of the stand 's base ?
do these boxed come with the manilla folders as shown ?
does it have tabs ?
has anyone tried using this as a small laptop stand ( about 9x13 '' ) ?
does this work with canon pixma mx310 series ?
is it compatible with windows 95 ?
does this come with the power supply ?
how do i put the coins into coin wrappers ? will this m
what is the height when unfolded ?
can you keep this pencil in your pocket ?
does this board have the little lines to make writing easier and straighter ?
are these envelopes heat resistant ?
when open , does the lid slide all the way down so that i could roll this completely under my desk ? or does it always stick up like in the picture ?
does it have a jack for a tape recorder ?
is the software compatibile with microsoft outlook 2013 ?
what staples do i need to buy to use with this stapler
will a ring box fit inside ?
is the entire order ( 50 envelopes ) packed in one large box ? what dimension of box will i expect to receive ? and weight ?
what is the top tray for .
can these be used to mail cd 's ?
how much does one weigh ? and would it fit a box that is 5.1 l x 3.2 w x 4.5 h inches ?
is it possible to install this phone on windows 7 64bit ?
will in work on canadian land lines ?
how does the proximity badge entry minimize buddy punching ?
which toner cartridge works for this fax machine ?
will this fax work with verizon fios ?
are these meal or plastic ?
i know the spacing between the six upper slots is slightly over 2 '' , but can anyone provide the vertical spacing dimensions for the two lower slots ?
is this one piece ? or we have to assemble ?
duplex black text how is the quality of the duplex with black text ?
this may be a silly question , but can this print documents ?
does it use 02 cartridges ?
how well do these pens work with cardmaking ?
does some soft ware come with it ?
noise - help ! my clp-300 prints fine , but makes a horrible screeching noise as it spits the paper out . does anyone know how to remedy this ? much
can i use two of these to extend an analog phone line over ethernet to another location on the lan and plug in an analog phone on the other end ?
negative scanning : canoscan® 8600f v. others i have thousands of 35 mm negatives ( b & w and color , a few slides too ) i 'd like to convert a dignificant portion of these to digital . i also need a new scanner for general use.who has used the canoscan® 8600f and other products and how do they stack up ? in particular , the nikon coolscan v has generally be considered the best for film scanning . is the canon faster ( and lower operator set up time per negative ) than the nikon ? negative scanning : canoscan® 8600f v. others i have thousands of 35 mm negatives ( b & w and color , a few slides too ) i 'd like to convert a dignificant portion of these to digital . i also ... » read more negative scanning : canoscan® 8600f v. others i have thousands of 35 mm negatives ( b & w and color , a few slides too ) i 'd like to convert a dignificant portion of these to digital . i also need a new scanner for general use.who has used the canoscan® 8600f and other products and how do they stack up ? in particular , the nikon coolscan v has generally be considered the best for film scanning . is the canon faster ( and lower operator set up time per negative ) than the nikon ? « show less
works for windows 7 ( 64-bit ) ?
is it possible for the clip to separate from the pencil if used regularly ?
can you tell me how much these weigh individually ?
what is the thickness of your mailers ?
i am having a custom rubber stamp made with my company logo to stamp the outside . will i be able to stamp the outside ?
is there any issues with avery labels sticking to these ?
how many clothing items can fit in one bag , say for instance..shirts if folded right ?
can you mail fragile items in these bags like glassware , small framed prints etc ?
are these completely blank without any markings ?
can this be used as a 4x6 printer or does it require jpeg format ?
does this cart handle well over bad sidewalks and roads ?
does this pen come with a gift box ?
how is the ribbon installed ?
why is this $ 50,000.00 ?
is it compatible with a mac computer ? if it is , what operating system can be used ? mountain lion ? snow , snow lion , etc ?
does this print date and time ?
where can i get compatable ink cartridges for ip4300 ? i can not find a website that sells compatible cartridges for the ip4300 . i do n't want to buy it unless i can find compatible cartridges . it sounds like a good value except for that problem . where can i get compatable ink cartridges for ip4300 ? i can not find a website that sells compatible cartridges for the ip4300 . i do n't want to buy it unless i can find compatible cartridges ... . » read more where can i get compatable ink cartridges for ip4300 ? i can not find a website that sells compatible cartridges for the ip4300 . i do n't want to buy it unless i can find compatible cartridges . it sounds like a good value except for that problem . « show less
does it need batteries ?
printing black and white from web pages does anyone know how to set the mp600 to print in black and white when i just want to print web pages-seems like a waste of color ink when i want to print a yahoo page ? have a imac os x 10.4 printing black and white from web pages does anyone know how to set the mp600 to print in black and white when i just want to print web pages-seems like a waste of color ink when i want to print a ... » read more printing black and white from web pages does anyone know how to set the mp600 to print in black and white when i just want to print web pages-seems like a waste of color ink when i want to print a yahoo page ?
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
how many times can you refill the them ?
does it come wirh a wallet cover ?
when printing , some parts of letters are not visible , even with fresh batteries and after cleaning the head ... any tips to get it to print all letters ?
is the pen the red color on the box ( of course the lead is black )
does the canon pc170 come with a toner cartridge ?
also need to know if it is matte on both sides . do these have bar code stickers on the boards ?
are all of the flair pens felt ?
can i print postage and addresses directly on the envelope with an hp officejet printer ?
the size in the header show the size to be 4 3 8 , the copy in the body shows 3 3 8 ? please clarify .
do these truly have a low odor ?
is the back underneath the drawer open for power and monitor cords to run out the back ?
are these made in the usa ?
can you print on the front and back of this paper ?
can this printer be used for canvas ?
how much does it cost per page ? i was wondering if anyone can tell me the cost per page ? one reviewer said it was about 1200 per cartridge , is this true ?
can you slide an open register booklet under the calculator , checks , or both ?
i have a bag of clips . how do i determine which dispenser size that they will fit ?
is the grid on both sides of the page or just one ?
do i have to have a landline or cable account to use , or can i use with just skype ? trying to get rid of the unnecessary expense of a landline , but have a good set of cordless phones . if i buy this product , without a wall connection , will it work with skype ?
will it shred disks ?
how dark is the ink when printing ?
how do you thread the paper through this machine
cost of service no body has mentioned the cost of the service.anyone out there have this information ?
how well will the magnetic strips work in extreme cold ? will they break ?
what is the weight capacity of the stand ?
is it good as a receipt scanner ?
will these labels continue to go through a laser printer okay if i am only printing one label at a time ?
are these safe to stack in storage , or would it cause damage to the lower box ?
what is the expiration date on black and on coloured pack of inks
will it work on c3100 photosmart ?
does it work on hp photosmart 3180 all in one ?
how many pages yield ?
will it work with hp deskjet printer d1460 ?
what are the diameters of the holes punched ?
what printers use hp 56 & hp 57 cartridges ?
what is the weight of this numbering machine ? 1.8 oz ? can not be !
could n't this technically be held up by push pins ?
can i change the dies to use different designs ? they say die holders and i do not know quite well what they meant .
can i use a regular chalk to write on this paper ?
how thick are the squares ?
would this hold rolls of bulletin board paper ... 5 ft. tall
need a single line in imitation of handwriting in red ? do you have a font ?
can i purchase refills for the pt-70 from you ?
will any cordless phone work with this system or would you have to purchase all cordless phones ?
is it a wall phone
if the bottom of the basket is an `` x '' shaped metal frame , is that enough to support a few gallons of milk in the bottom ? or do they tip fall ?
does this phone require a battery ?
dropped calls on panasonic phones i am considering buying a new phone system . i have a 2 handset panasonic that is less than 2 yrs . old . my calls are constantly being dropped . when i keep the phone off the hook for a couple of hrs and then try to make a call i get a `` no link to base '' message . i do like all the features , especially the talking caller id . would that make a difference ? dropped calls on panasonic phones i am considering buying a new phone system . i have a 2 handset panasonic that is less than 2 yrs . old . my calls are constantly being dropped . when i keep the ... » read more dropped calls on panasonic phones i am considering buying a new phone system . i have a 2 handset panasonic that is less than 2 yrs . old . my calls are constantly being dropped . when i keep the phone off the hook for a couple of hrs and then try to make a call i get a `` no link to base '' message . i do like all the features , especially the talking caller id . would that make a difference ? « show less
mute function i 'm interested in purchasing this phone but am specifically looking for one with a hold function . does this have it ?
does the g4010 work on windows 8 ?
does this scanner scan 11x17 documents ?
power adapter -- will it workwith 220 volts ? i want to buy this for my family overseas -- -- so they can call me over skype . does anybody know if it supports dua voltage ?
hp l7580 : print using only black ink cartridge ? is it possible to set up the hp l7580 and or it 's software so that it defaults to printing only with the black cartridge ? i do almost all of my printing in b & w or gray scale , yet the printer frequently runs out of yellow ink . does the printer use the yellow ink cartridge to print gray scale ?
do they peel off easily or do they leave sticky residue ?
what makes these erasers different from just a sponge ( that 's what they look like ) ? what scientifically speaking makes them special ?
the stamp i need has 4 separate lines , and 30 characters on the longest line . will this stamp accommodate my needs ?
singapore standard voltage in singapore is 220v 240v , 50 hz.. can this binding machine be use in singapore ?
it can use for spiral ?
are these flags the refills that go inside the pens highlighters ?
is this sturdy enough to sit on ?
i 've had this machine for years . works great . unfortunately the film does n't work with dry erase markers as i had hoped . ideas ?
can the 1400 run with mac os 10.8 ?
i just received this cash box but there 's no money inside it , as pictured . did anyone else 's arrive empty ?
are the numbers backlit ?
why does this phone need batteries ?
why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? « show less
is battery pack included ?
is this refillable ?
will this work on something that has been laminated ?
does this come with a summery form to send into the irs ?
dimensions ?
are they reusable ?
is this waterproof ?
does the laptop side and the writing side adjust in height independent of each other ?
does this fit hp j6450 ?
does it print fast
wireless
do you think i could use this printer to print name badges at an event ?
what size are the rings , 1 2 , 3 4 , 1-inch ?
would the lower shelf hold the weight of a computer ?
will this work with pixma my470
does this cutter work on cardstock ?
how long is the chain ?
is this journal good for a left handed person ?
what color is it
can this register interface with windows consignment software ?
what ink cartidge does this take ?
how big is it ? dimensions say 15x13 in but that seems pretty small ... can someone please give me actual dimensions ?
does it come with a case or covering to protect keys when thrown into , say , a backpack ?
how much of the 6x9 space do i get ? i have a small box that is 5 '' x 8.5 '' would this fit in here ?
this says it is a long arm and long pad , will it work for a short person ? also , is this for someone who is mostly mousing all day or just keyboard ?
how wide of a desk can it accommodate ?
what is the width of the seat of this chair between the arm rests ?
how large are the date squares ?
could the calendar be used to hang on the wall as well as the fridge ?
( both on amazon ) they look identical ?
description is `` cork board 6 x 4 oak frame bulletin board '' . i 'm assuming 6 feet by 4 feet , correct ?
battery operated ? not worry about country voltage ?
how much ink does each bottle contain ? does this set have metallic gold ink ?
hello - how thick is the journal refill ?
can these be used as `` whiteboards `` ?
is there anyway to hang this chart ?
does this come with a rechargeable battery ?
i am looking for a binding machine to make my photo proof books . would this one work well for that ?
can you use combs that are less than 2 inches ? and is this quasar model good for high volume use ?
does this lap desk actually fit over your lap ?
what is its operating voltage , 110v , 120v , 220v or 240v ?
does this shread cds
can you adjust the ringer volume in addition to the listening volume ?
does anyone known how to get this scale to show the second decimal i.e . 1.53 vs 1.50 ?
are all the envelopes 4x7 ?
are these pens good on glossy cards ?
what color is this phone ?
do i have to point the remote at the computer to use the mouse , or can it be pointed at the presentation screen ?
is the a genuine brother drum unit or a generic compatible refurbished ?
what is size ?
are the highlights on this pen white chrome or brass ?
what is the size of the peanut ?
how can i print just black without the color ink cartridge in
can the pen scan from an ipad or computer screen ?
does this deal include a valid key ?
what are the dimensions of the phone ?
does it have financial functions like time value of money ?
this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . « show less
can anyone tell me whether this product has the embossed ribbon on the cover or not ? first photo shows a plain cover . which is it ?
what is the weight limit on this stool ?
how is good is the seat cushioned ? thin ? thick ? is it good enough to sit on a few hours with comfort ?
what is the diameter of the base ?
will these fit a pentel p207 0.7mm pencil
the description says that the cards are 5 1 2 by 8 1 2 inches when folded but this is an awkward size . are you sure it is n't 5x7 ?
is this cash box fire-retardant ?
can i stack one on top of the other and it would be ok to use ?
how do you clean this mouse pad ?
does this pen have any cracks ?
can the tray be taken off ?
can i just plug these phones into my existing outlets to replace my old 3-line phones ?
fax - incorrect cable i tried to set up the fax on my new photosmart c7280 but it threw its hands up saying i 'm using the wrong cable to connect it to the phone line . i 'm using the cable that came with the printer . what gives ? fax - incorrect cable i tried to set up the fax on my new photosmart c7280 but it threw its hands up saying i 'm using the wrong cable to connect it to the phone line . i 'm using the cable ... » read more fax - incorrect cable i tried to set up the fax on my new photosmart c7280 but it threw its hands up saying i 'm using the wrong cable to connect it to the phone line . i 'm using the cable that came with the printer . what gives ? « show less
is it compatible with nurit 8000 ?
does this fit the mardel flipnote case ?
anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes prior to printing . maybe it just needs to break in . anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes ... » read more anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes prior to printing . maybe it just needs to break in . « show less
can this printer work from a laptop thru linksys ?
purchase where mac compatible the canon 8800f sound easy to use for the inexperienced . i thought it would be great to involve my adult special needs son in this project of converting our photos and maybe even make it into a business project for us together . possible ?
where is the thickness lever ?
paper tray ? ive been researching for a new printer . this one seems to have all that i am looking for . the only thing that i am concerned with is there is no paper tray . one printer i purchased a few years back also had the paper standing in back like this one and the paper kept getting jammed because of this . does anyone have any problems with that issue ? paper tray ? ive been researching for a new printer . this one seems to have all that i am looking for . the only thing that i am ... » read more paper tray ? ive been researching for a new printer . this one seems to have all that i am looking for . the only thing that i am concerned with is there is no paper tray . one printer i purchased a few years back also had the paper standing in back like this one and the paper kept getting jammed because of this . does anyone have any problems with that issue ? « show less
will this gamepad help that much more for gaming ? especially with games that are fps , moba , and mmorpg ?
do you print out an insert or do you print on the plastic and how many are in the kits ?
what is the height of the inner pocket , i have a card that needs to have the title peeking over the pocket .
epson v500 - how to scan aps negatives ? i just got this scanner and it works great with slides and 35mm negatives . the problem i have is getting it to scan aps negatives . i have gotten the negatives out of the cartridge and have tried to scan them using the film negative holder - they do not fit in the slot for film . i tried scanning them `` as is '' on the glass without a holder and no luck . i do not want to cut the negatives - i tried just letting the spool run out the front of the scannner and manually positioning the film . i unchecked thumbnails and tried to follow the user guide to no avail . any one have any luck with scanning aps negatives ? epson v500 - how to scan aps negatives ? i just got this scanner and it works great with slides and 35mm negatives . the problem i have is getting it to scan aps negatives . i have gotten the ... » read more epson v500 - how to scan aps negatives ? i just got this scanner and it works great with slides and 35mm negatives . the problem i have is getting it to scan aps negatives . i have gotten the negatives out of the cartridge and have tried to scan them using the film negative holder - they do not fit in the slot for film . i tried scanning them `` as is '' on the glass without a holder and no luck . i do not want to cut the negatives - i tried just letting the spool run out the front of the scannner and manually positioning the film . i unchecked thumbnails and tried to follow the user guide to no avail . any one have any luck with scanning aps negatives ? « show less
had trouble getting the cover off . now the black cartridge wo n't install properly . what should i do ?
will this cartridge work in an hp 1022 printer ?
will this work for my epson printer ?
how is the color print quality on this machine ? i 'm thinking of buying this machine but the most important thing to me is the quality of the color prints ... are they as good as on a xerox color laser ? how is the color print quality on this machine ? i 'm thinking of buying this machine but the most important thing to me is the quality of the color prints ... are they as good as on a xerox color ... » read more how is the color print quality on this machine ? i 'm thinking of buying this machine but the most important thing to me is the quality of the color prints ... are they as good as on a xerox color laser ? « show less
where on the box or package can i find the expiration date ?
maximum cut size ? one reviewer says this cutter will not cut a full 12 '' ( they say it 'almost ' cuts 10 '' ) . is that true ?
what color is the ink on the black-bodied pen ?
can it write on anything , for example : a stick of butter ?
does the matte black bullet pen have the `` grip lines '' engraved into it like the chrome one does ?
i was wondering if this stands up . i have seen other holders that are tri and they stand up . would love it if it does .
does this bulletproof ink clog the fountain pen eventually ?
will it work with a macbook pro osx 10.75 ?
is the print out size larger ?
does this work on hp printers ?
what is the width of this mat ?
we have a coronamatic 2500. will this cartridge work with it ?
are the casters locking ? is the adjustable width id or od ?
has anyone tried printing to magnet sheets ?
is this calculator solar powered or strictly battery ?
does this cabinet have adjustable backing in the drawers to hold up papers if the drawer is partially empty ?
what type of battery does this product use
are the wrist rests removable ?
does this include the power supply ?
is the calculator removable ?
will drivers work with vista 64bit ? fujitsu says their drivers are vista 64bit compatible . anyone actually have this scanner running on vista ultimate 64bit ?
how does one install the casters so they stay in place ?
how long is the ac cord ?
does this pencil have an eraser . can replacement erasers be ordered ?
does it go back under the desk for storage or is it always out past the edge of the desk ?
do the ink cartridges have a good expiration date on them ?
so what is the `` die '' ? is that the same as the embossing plate ?
how do you get the info we an on the stamp ? i was ready to check out and it never asked me so i canceled the order . will wait to hear from you .
does this embosser come with a custom stamp ?
does this embosser come with a custom stamp ?
i 'm wanting to use an ergonomic keyboard that already has a wrist guard rest on it ... will this fit on the keyboard tray ?
would a us letter size paper , folded in half fit inside this ?
thailand ?
how is the sound quality in comparison to a polycom deskphone 's speakerphone ?
can these sheets be cut to resize them and then laminate ? i want to laminate paper smaller than a visiting card . can that be done ?
what is the accuracy of this cutter ? 1 16 '' , 1 32 '' or even finer ?
so one person who ordered said it did n't move forward or backward or swivel like in the customer video . can an owner chime in ?
the brightness of paper is rated on a scale up to 100. the paper is rated `` photo white '' ... does anyone know the actual scale number for this paper ?
brothers hl-2140 printer compatability with windows 7 os ?
what is the weight ?
brother 2170w `` offline '' and ca n't get it back online i can get the printer back `` online . it worked great for about 3 weeks , now it says it 's offline and nothing i try gets it back online . any suggestions ? brother 2170w `` offline '' and ca n't get it back online i can get the printer back `` online . it worked great for about 3 weeks , now it says it 's offline and nothing i try gets it ... » read more brother 2170w `` offline '' and ca n't get it back online i can get the printer back `` online . it worked great for about 3 weeks , now it says it 's offline and nothing i try gets it back online . any suggestions ? « show less
can i get turquoise in refils for the jotter ?
i would like to try this product to glue girl scout badges to my daughter 's vest . does it stay glued down on clothes you are wearing and washing ?
i have just installed a new cartridge and there are black marks on the right side margin every 1.5 inches . is this a defective cartridge ?
how many employees can i have with this timeclock right out of the box ?
is this printer wireless ?
how does it attach to the door -- screws or adhesive ?
will the files fit 12 x 12 paper ?
is this the magic jack plus the new one
is the actual writing area leather or some other type of material ?
can you transfer calls ?
does this work with uverse and have a 120 volt adaptor for power ?
can you hang the base unit on the wall ?
do they bleed through the paper ?
what is the actual height of the font ?
does it work with currency other than usd ?
what kind of printer cartdridge does it take ?
canon mx 850 : can not scan ink is low out ? some canon models do n't let scan fax if the ink is low out . is this true with mx850 also ?
would the unit laminate construction paper like the ones sold on amazon made by sunworks ?
mine `` ate '' my inserted sheet , how do i get into the machine to get it off the roller ?
is this machine capable of laminating large posters 24x36 ''
is it compatible with windows 8.1 ?
where are these shredders manufactured ?
what are the dimensions ?
has anyone ordered these and received 2014 forms ?
what features are available ?
phone stopped making outgoing calls . tells me call can not be completed . calls can be made from other house phones . any solution on how to fix this
where are the pictures placed ? do you mean that we program a person phone for one number and then place her his the picture on that number ? then , how i see the number .
what year does this begin with ?
how wide is the opening ? also , how narrow are the resulting strips ?
what is the last year ( in the future ) that is goes to ?
are these like prismacolor or copic markers ?
call blocking does this phone have the call blocking feature ?
how in the world do you load the staples ?
what is the minimum height including casters ?
we have a problem with static electricity . the sheets are going through several at a time . how can we correct for this ?
does this account book have seven vertical columns ?
also can i add 100 sheets ? will they fit ?
i would like to carry my microsoft surface tablet ( 11 '' x 7 '' , very thin ) in the document pocket . does it look like it would fit ?
where is it made ?
manual , users please view ? ,
what are the dimensions of the shelf ?
will it sharpen a ticonderoga pencil
what happens when you do n't keep the trekker pen capped ? any decrease in life of pen ?
how high can the top of the seat surface be raised for a tall person ?
i bought 3 of these . the first 2 were empty ! says i need to replace toner ! what 's up with this ?
dimensions ? what are the dimensions of this ?
does it perform cuadratic function ? does it have natural display ?
can it be engraved at purchase or after purchase ?
scanning troubles ... vertical white lines i 've had a scansnap s300m for about a year- not really used it that much , mostly for my father in law 's surprise party last year - scanned about 300 images & it worked well . i 've scanned a few things here and there throughout the year with no trouble ... however , i just went to scan again and am now getting white vertical lines on every scan , but they 're showing up in different places.. anyone have any idea what might cause that ? i 'll try to contact fuji but i found this on their site and aside from trying to replace the lamp , i ca n't imagine what would cause it . scanning troubles ... vertical white lines i 've had a scansnap s300m for about a year- not really used it that much , mostly for my father in law 's surprise party last year - scanned about ... » read more scanning troubles ... vertical white lines i 've had a scansnap s300m for about a year- not really used it that much , mostly for my father in law 's surprise party last year - scanned about 300 images & it worked well . i 've scanned a few things here and there throughout the year with no trouble ... however , i just went to scan again and am now getting white vertical lines on every scan , but they 're showing up in different places.. anyone have any idea what might cause that ? i 'll try to contact fuji but i found this on their site and aside from trying to replace the lamp , i ca n't imagine what would cause it . « show less
does this have 1 16th inch ?
mac compatibility ? i 'm wondering if any of you are using this printer with mac.i know most of the computer peripherals are designed to work with pcs , so i 'd like to know how this printer works with macs.
is the bottom of the cartridges ( 37 & 36 ) supposed to look the same ?
wait , so you get a free fountain pen with the purchase of the ink bottle ?
what to do when the power button collapses ?
we are stapling two sheets , and the staples go right though and leave a hole . is there any way to adjust the tension so smaller jobs have less force ?
this product states that it will hold up to 100lbs . i would like to use this product as part of my tv stand to elevate my 65 '' tv . is this possible ?
is this in index card size ?
is turkish available as a language
what is the width measurement ?
can i use it as 2 separate desks without attaching the corner piece ?
can i fold this for safe space keeping ?
i am making blocks for a child using old stamp blocks . i used gloss luster mod podge . can i use the hard coat to ensure a good seal ?
what kind of cartridges does it use ? easy to find ?
need to mount 1 4 '' sheetrock in 4'x8 ' panels which weigh 28.8lbs ea to an adjoining firewall in townhouse . should the tape hold w o concerns ?
will the texture of the wall affect the surface of the chalkboard ?
what´s the manufacturing place and date ?
is this compatiable with hp deskjet f2480 ?
put this printer back in use for photos only printed about 40 81 2x11 photos on tricolor cartridge , is this typical ?
network
what is the page count on this machine ?
can i assume this cabinet has the racks to hang the file folders ?
how many lines ?
dimensions
does kodak esp5 work with windows 7 ?
what are the dimensions of this calculator ?
can this modge podge be used to seal non toxic acrylic paint on a wooden block ? please help
need to glue a leather patch on a leather chair to cover a split - what type of glue ?
is the top left bin big enough ( and unit strudy enough ) to hold 4 stacks ( say 25 ea ) of 10 oz paper cups ? 3 stacks ?
will this box hold 5 x 8 index cards ? it states the box is 5 x 8. is 5 x 8 the outside measurements of the box ?
why it print only in collor
the title says this is undated , but the pictures show the months pre-written and just the date boxes blank . does this have to be a jan-dec calendar ?
about how many bands are there in one package ?
will this converter work in the sheaffer calligraphy pen set that is sold on amazon ?
is this blue ink or black ink ?
i have a printer that i would like to store on top of this . the printers is wide and probably weighs twenty pounds . will it support the weight ?
is the ink in this pen blue or purple ?
i have the scansnap ix500 and was considering getting this scanner instead ( for twain support and tiff files ) , but those 2 would be issues for me . i ca n't tell if the ix500 has better or worse feeding . i have the scansnap ix500 and was considering getting this scanner instead ( for twain support and tiff files ) , but those 2 would be issues for me . i ca n't tell if the ix500 has better or worse feeding . « show less
i see two wheels in the photo . can someone tell me how this unit is as far as portability ? easy to move ? stands solid does n't move when using it ?
can this be cut in half ?
can this be used on an envelope that already has adhesive but the adhesive is very poor weak ?
how do i replace the photo ink for hp c309a ? it 's not working even with all the other inks full ? does this ink work for photo slot only ? ridiculous no
why does the hp7520 need a 'special ' black photo cartridge to print photos ?
is this the replacement photo black for hp c309g all-in-one
writes on windows ?
does this set contain skin colors ?
does this printer produce scannable linear bar codes ?
is this fully assembled or does it need to get put together ?
what voltage is this printer ?
how many postcards fit in each sleeve ?
does the tape come with the dispenser ?
the manual spec shows both usb and parallel ports , & has a number of internal fonts . can it would work from a dos window on old xp machine ?
does it have `` empty '' slots ? can you stamp 9 digit numbers instead of 10 digits ?
can you take the book apart after it is bound ?
are there blanks ?
can it do square roots ?
dimensions
does this scale have a serial port ?
will the keyboard shelf hold an egronomic keyboard and mouse
are the sheets transparent on both sides ?
text only or can you add images ?
how many labels per roll ?
do these labels work in the zebra gx420d ?
which clips does it work with ?
does this holder have a lid so that the chalk wo n't get all over the inside of my bag when not in use ?
what the biggest it can scan
what is the measurement from left to right ? is it 17 inch or is it the diagonal lenghth ? also 13 1 4 is from front to back ( depth ) correct ?
only question is , is the pencil .7mm or .5mm ?
would the slots be big enough to hold a battery toothbrush ( total of 4 ) or and a tube of toothpaste ?
how can i set it up for wireless printing ?
does this phone support mic extensions ?
i am wanting a pen for guests to signa slice of wood at my wedding , i intend to oil it afterwards . can you please recommend a pen to do this with . man
does this come with a line guide ?
will it work for a 5 point badge
does this do duplex scanning ?
what type of chair is the best to use for this ?
does this ink last only through the 108 sheets or will it print more ?
does this also have poe ?
what are the dimensions of the planner ?
do you know if this will hold scotch 3m freezer tape ?
will it send an alert to a cell phone ?
how many numbers can be stored on this phone
does this phone work on a regular home analog voice line ?
being used , how many total prints were done ? what type , if any , warranty provided ?
i need to find a printer that goes with this ink . what brother printers is this compatible with , printers that are currently being sold on amazon ? thx
are they genuine brother cartridges ?
does anyone know the size of these ?
is the package coming in the big box ?
does a keyboard slide under the tray inside the stand ?
will it fit in an inside mens suit pocket ?
what does this include ?
can this bag be locked without the key ? if not do you have a bag that can be locked without the key ?
how does the scanner do with long ( greater than one foot ) receipts ?
i understand that if has 40 percent more ink so a better value . but is the cartridge bigger ? it will still fit in the regular 211 space in the copier ?
i have a canon printer scanner fax mx410 . what ink cartridge is compatible with it ?
can you print in black only from a computer without using the color cassettes ?
why is the 8.5x11 cheaper than the 8x10 ?
can you wash this item if dust dirt gets stuck to the fabric or sweat accumulates and dries up on it ? if so , how do you wash it ?
what 's the width of this item at it 's widest spot ?
does it come with a box ? cause its for gifting
what size of letters does this board take ?
can i create a word document from the text i scan ?
i have slides from the '50s and '60s that are 2 1 2 inch squares . will these fit into this converter ?
how many are in the package ?
can do poster printing ? if so , how many sheets ? : 4x4 , 6x6 ? total of 16 or 36 sheets ?
mp980 and mp620 `` scan to memory '' the canon website says the mp620 can scan directly to a memory card . can the mp980 also scan to a memory card ? can these scanners save a file directly to a usb thumb drive ?
what scan software works best with mac leopard ?
can you get the pen engraved ?
does this cart really weigh under 5 lb ? is so , is it sturday ?
is this a small one
would you use this on jewelry to be sold ?
do they have 2pockets on the inside covers ?
is this made of metal or plastic ?
is the sharpener part made of metal or is it painted plastic with a blade that is metal like a reviewer said ?
do these seal at the top , so that smaller sheets or heavier items do n't fall out if the binder is turned upside down ?
can you rotate it so that the cork is on the left and the dry erase board is on the right , by removing the tray and attaching it to the opposite end ?
will it work with hp laptop pavilion g7 with winsowa 8 ?
what kind of batteries or is it rechargable ?
does the package have the `` innobella '' trademark ? also , what is the expiration date on this product ?
is this product the actual one manufactured and sold by epson ?
does this notebook have the letter writing guide on the inside front cover ?
could this work to keep a 7 lb computer monitor stable on a horizontal surface that moves up and down ?
does this include a set of ink cartridges ?
is this board the newer , heavier model that the latest reviewer suggested ?
is the 22 x 35 include the black frame and what are the black frame measurements ( like is 1 '' or 2 '' thick )
can this board hang portrait and landscape ? is there mounting hardware on both sides of the frame ?
will this work for a left handed person ?
is this wrap recyclable ?
does it come with shoudler strap ?
good for my 17 inch hp laptop ?
hearing aid compatible
can it also work with foreign currency like bolivares , the code is bs ?
it cuts a small piece of blank tape before it prints any label . is there anything i can do to stop it from wasting my tape ?
refillable
does it work with 15 '' macbook pro late 2008 ?
does this make streaks ? and why does it say in the description `` genuine name-brand replacement '' ?
the title is worded funny . does it come with 12 pens ? or 1
the one i ordered came with a center panal off color ( dif print lot i assume ) . did others have this problem ? safe to just re-order ?
if you have tried this refill with a livescribe pen , does it fit mod ?
odd question , i know . is the back of this calendar white ? can you see the lines through the back or are they barely visible ?
will there be 10 separate folders for each order ?
can the coiled cord be replaced or is it fixed in there ?
is the sealable flap along the 9 inch side of the envelop ?
does this phone have a ringer off all phones ?
does this item have a backup battery to protect settings in a power failure ?
can you put a bag directly in the basket to make the shredder easier to empty ?
are the pouches slippery ?
how many file folders does this cart hold ?
what are the dimensions ?
how do these work on tile or stone ?
anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges ?
is this an original direct from hp ?
does this pen have a clip ?
is this industrial velcrostrong enough to hold a sony action cam to the top of my ski helmet ?
can it also be used as a regular printer ?
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
what size battery does the handset use and is that included with the phone ?
this phone can block up to 30 numbers . can this be upgraded ( firmware or hardware ) to increase the number of blocked callers ?
i have base model kx-tg7432 . is this phone will be the right one for my base unit ?
does this phone have a volume control ?
can anyone tell me how to program the speed dial on the kx-tga 106 m ?
how many pages do these books have ? are the pages blank or `` fill in the blank '' ?
does the stapler open up for tacking papers to a wall ?
may they rust ?
what is the assembled height ?
what ink cartridges does it take ?
do you load the cards from the outside edge or inside by the stitching ?
will this work on thin snakeskin to glue back onto a shoe ? will there be any bleeding through or discoloration ?
how tall is it altogether , with the whiteboard installed on the wheeled base ?
can this chair lock in various recline positions ?
it said the black cartridge is low , so i change the new one . it still shows the k cartridge is out . reset it several times , but still not working . any suggestion ?
compatible with mac ?
how hard is it to mount on white boards ?
does the phone have caller id ?
my printer takes the hp 56 cartridge , but when comparing c6656an , mine does n't have the `` n '' . will this work for my hp psc 2210 all-in-one printer ?
why does nothing comes out of the black cartridge ?
will this printer do manual duplexing ? will this printer do manual duplexing ?
how can these cartidges work in some printers but not in others ? maybe the older printers accept them rather than the newer printers ?
does it scan 120 film , or only 35mm ?
i want something that will print odd sizes of paper ( i.e. , a notecard that is 4.25 x 8.25 ) . will this accept that ?
would this tape be suitable for labeling bottles of breast milk ( will be refrigerated and heated in water ) without falling off or leaving any residue ?
how old is it
what are the measurements of the surface ?
does this phone have a headset jack ? can you use this phone with a 2.5mm headset ?
loud ? i 'm hard of hearing and need a good loud volume in addition to clear sound.can anyone tell me if it has a decent volume level ?
will these bases support multiple phone lines ? two is what we need
does this phone come with batteries ?
can you use as an intercom between handsets ?
can the ringer be turned off at the extension ?
i have four handsets for cl82309 but i do n't get a dial tone on the fourth handset , can you help me ?
suppose that i buy two ( 2 ) of these handsets . can i use them as wireless intercom ?
does the caller i.d . require aa batteries to work or is it powered thru the phone lines current ?
can i adjust the volume of the handset ?
does this visually confirm if you are clocking in or out ?
if i use a power outlet , will this scale stay on until turned off ?
can this be used when lying in bed with hard cover and paperback books ?
will this substitue for pelikan 4001 ?
how to put new lead in the clear papermate pencil
how long do the lamy cartridges last ? ( i know this is hugely connected to how much you write but i 'm looking for some idea . )
do these products fit and work correctly on the esp 5250 ( 5200 series all-in-one ) ?
can i tare out this scale if i have a bowl of silver grains ?
would these work for satin material ?
would it look weird if the map were a little smaller than the rail ? like a 43 inch wide map with the 48 inch wide rail ?
i am a fairly tall guy , with long legs . my question is , can this desk and keyboard tray accommodate someone who 's 6'5 without scraping my knees ?
what are the dimensions of the raised monitor shelf ? could two 27 '' monitors fit ?
how do i retreive caller lis on siemens landline ?
when you put in a number with the decimal in the proper place and want to keep adding numbers up , do you have to keep putting in the decimal point ?
cleaning the fujitsu scansnap s1500 fujitsu scansnap s1500 instant pdf sheet-fed scanner for pci 'm about to purchase a scansnap s1500 & wondered if i needed the purchase the fujitsu cleaning solution , as well . is anyone successfully cleaning their machine with something cheaper than $ 17.99 a pop ? just wondering ... cleaning the fujitsu scansnap s1500 fujitsu scansnap s1500 instant pdf sheet-fed scanner for pci 'm about to purchase a scansnap s1500 & wondered if i needed the purchase the ... » read more cleaning the fujitsu scansnap s1500 fujitsu scansnap s1500 instant pdf sheet-fed scanner for pci 'm about to purchase a scansnap s1500 & wondered if i needed the purchase the fujitsu cleaning solution , as well . is anyone successfully cleaning their machine with something cheaper than $ 17.99 a pop ?
does it cave in our crack in spots ?
the item title states `` by brother '' with a photo of the oem cartridge box . is this an oem brother tn-650 cartridge ? or is this a `` compatible '' ?
are the rails are the bottom like a rolodex .
is it spanish from spain or spanish from mexico ?
what size is it ?
in one place you say 8 1 4 in another area below you say 9.4. which are the actual outside dimensions ?
how well does it work with prismacolor pencils ?
wireless printer need wires ? does the brother hl-5370dw need any wires other than power ? my wireless router is not in the same room as my office , and i do n't want to be running cable across the house . i was hoping that this printer would be a setup once kind of thing where i can connect it via usb , setup the wireless info and security , and it would just connect to my router and show up as a network printer . can anyone confirm this is the way it works ( or does n't work ) ? wireless printer need wires ? does the brother hl-5370dw need any wires other than power ? does the brother hl-5370dw need any wires other than power ? my wireless router is not in the same room as my office , and i do n't want to be running cable across the house . i was hoping that this printer would be a setup once kind of thing where i can connect it via usb , setup the wireless info and security , and it would just connect to my router and show up as a network printer . can anyone confirm this is the way it works ( or does n't work ) ? « show less
does this have a usb port only ?
how does it work for scanning and storing photos ? does it work well for scanning and storing photos ?
what is the page count on this machine ?
what is the weight capacity ?
can i use a inkjet printer ?
please does the $ 430.89 s1500 from amaxon ( asin : b0021aerwy ) come with rack2-filer v5.0 ? many
will this scan to email ? how many emails can i store and scan to ?
what size hitch cargo carrier would you need to transport this cart ?
does this calculator come with a protective case and usb cable ?
what size sd card does this calculator take ? is there a maximum gb size ?
my current refill is for hauser bill 7o7sf . will this refill fit my pen ?
does this unit have auto shut off for cool down ?
can it be programed to use with an external answering machine ?
i want to hang this board in portrait mode versus the landscape mode shown in photo . is the tray on the bottom attached or come separate ?
can i do skype messaging ? send and receive email on this phone with picture and video attachments ?
is this a pencil that can be use by an adult as well ? or is the size suited only for children ?
all same color ?
how well does this printer do with primary colors compared to the epson stylus photo r200 , which it was designed to replace ?
would this fit this laptop dell inspiron 15r 15.6-inch ? i just bought it and it is hurting my writs ? shall i get another laptop ?
how do you replace the cartridge ? how do you replace the ink cartridge ?
can you still print stamps if you are using stamps.com ?
what size labels do i need for fba with the dymo turbo 450 ?
is everybody still satisfied with their purchase ? are they holding up ? is it just the pads or is it indeed the complete `` armrest '' ?
can i print on both sides and only have the carbon come through on one side ?
is it a 3 '' diameter core
is this stamper good for using on clothes ( sometimes directly on the clothing but usually on the tag ) ? will it bleed or fade when the clothing is washed ?
are there font options ?
i can not get this printer ? to print a document from my mac ? is it just for photo printing ( it was given to me and i can not get the manual for mac ?
is this paper thick enough to be used for cards invitations ?
is this an 8 or 10 digit calculator ?
what is the shelf life of this ink ?
can you mute turn off the ring of a one call at a time ?
does this phone have a headset port ?
does this model have speaker phone capability ?
games is not shown on the menu or what the 5 games are & if anagrams is one of them ?
can this be used to scan and import business cards into outlook ?
do these containers have a lip on the inside where you could make a lid for the top with a peice of plywood ?
what is the size of this ?
how many ribbons are in this pack 1 or 2 ?
what is the max number of db it will increase the volume by ?
i own a welding shop . it can get noisy in the work area where i want to install this phone . do you think the volume of the speaker are good enough ?
do you need a special cartridge or can you use the cartridge you purchase from a store ?
will this work w remmington model two from circa 1926 ?
top surface appears textured . if top is textured can you remove it ?
will this fit a standard smith corona portable typewriter ?
will this accurately fill pre-form coin wrappers or will i have wrappers with the wrong amount ?
how tall is the basket or cart itself excluding the handle ?
does this come with its own rechargeable battery ?
will this ciss work on this product ?
dimensions match these except the top of my stem above the grip ring is rounded like a dome rather than flat on top . will that matter ?
- is the item durable ? - is this item easy to use ? - what are the dimensions of this item ?
where and how do you send the photo for the mouse pad ?
do the regular phone jack ( rj9 ) connectors on the base work for any regular wireless headset ( like at & t ) ?
does this one click into place when closed ?
are there any special printer requirements to be able to print on this paper ?
is this compatible with erc38br ?
i have old slides from the '50s and '60s that measure 2.5 x 2.5 inches ( unmounted ) . will these fit into this converter ?
does this phone system include an intercom system ?
somewhere it must say how many in each packet but i cant find it ?
does it use ink
works on windows 7 platform ?
does the corded base phone needs an electric outlet ?
can they be converted to ink-dropper pens ie . fill the entire barrel with ink ?
just received the cabinet and the 2 drawers are locked ! any idea where the key would be ?
what cartridges are compatible with this ?
how many pictures will it print from one ink cartridge ? how long does it take to print 4x6 photos ?
are these clear ? can you see documentation clearly in to the envelope , or are they frosted ?
do you know if r400 works for google docs ( presentation ) ?
does this phone show voicemail calls on the base , not on the handset ?
are the dimensions 11x17 width then length or visa versa ?
is the zebra mz 220 ios compatible for use with the iphone5 ?
could this be mounted by using pre-existing hooks ?
is the spectrafile really only 1 '' deep ? how much does it expand ?
can you read the display in dim lighting ?
do the handsets come with snap-on beltclips ?
may i know whether this set come with a gift box ?
has anyone had success using it with windows 8.1 and a wireless network ?
ink cartridge installation seeking advice on how to get ink cartridges installed . is there a trick i 'm missing . they simply do not fit . when positioned against the back `` wall '' , they pop out when i press the `` push '' dot . i have never had this sort of problem with other cartridges . have now spent an hour and can not get any of 6 cartridges properly installed . not happy ! ink cartridge installation seeking advice on how to get ink cartridges installed . is there a trick i 'm missing . they simply do not fit . when positioned against the back `` wall '' , ... » read more ink cartridge installation seeking advice on how to get ink cartridges installed . is there a trick i 'm missing . they simply do not fit . when positioned against the back `` wall '' , they pop out when i press the `` push '' dot . i have never had this sort of problem with other cartridges . have now spent an hour and can not get any of 6 cartridges properly installed . not happy ! « show less
will this ink print on pvc cards ?
are all necessary cords and cables included with the scanner ?
will this work with my chromebook ?
how wide can you expand it ?
accurate ! weight ?
webex compatible ?
is it legal size ?
does it work for hl-3075cw printers ?
could anyone suggest a wireless print server for this printer ?
how do you use a refurbished toner cartridge and reset the page counter ?
how long is it ?
what exactly is the clearance underneath ?
is the back of the desk finished so it can face into the room ?
is this suppose to print blurry barcode lines after a couple of prints ?
i have 25 keys to my different offices . will this still work or do you have another product that will fit my need ?
which is the better or newer model , this or the fellowes powershred w-11c 11 sheet cross-cut shredder ( 3103201 ) ?
does this come with cartridges ?
does this device work with windows 8 ?
does this come with all the cables needed to hook it to a monitor or projector ?
what are the dimensions of the weighing surface ?
is this cd compatible with windows 7 ?
does this gadget convert slides to cds ?
how many cards ?
hello ! i would like to know if this seals can be used with my personal embosser machine . is it metallic foil ?
what is the overall height of the unit ?
what weight would this hold at max ?
how much does this cabinet weight
can it scan for chinese word ?
is it 8 1 2 x 11 or 3 x 6 x 10 inches ?
does the printer comes with a cutter system ? or the output sizes are predefined ?
mine keeps moving around on my hardwood floor , any suggestions how to keep it from moving ?
where can i buy black ink for this ?
can copy with this printer ?
the photos look like the files face forward . is that right ?
does the seat ever start to slide downward or do you need to raise it back up often ?
is this high yield or normal yield cartridges ?
are these presharpened ?
has anyone experienced the inability to draw ink with the small syringe after filling the cartridge with ink ?
does it print all size photos ?
is it a 110-220v plug or just for use in usa 100v ?
does the cabinet come assembled ?
is the cabinet safe with only one drawer open at the time ?
what color is this file cabinet ?
is this a 2-drawer lateral file cabinet , or is the top just a plain drawer for storage ?
is the file box removable or is it attached to the frame ?
does this black ink cartridge work with the kodak hero 7.1 ?
how high is this stool ?
how many file folders does it hold
will this work with google voice on a cell phone without a landline ?
iphone 5 compatible ?
how do i print black and white on my . 4500
the listing says beige , but the picture is light green . but when you click on it the picture is dark brown ... so which colour is it ?
what are the actual demensions of this ?
there is no `` off '' button - how do we turn it off ?
are the buttons plastic or rubber ?
who does the narration ?
will this sharpen a 2mm lead holder clutch pencil mechanical pencil lead ? if so , anyone try sharpening 2mm colored lead ?
how do you get the files to the computer ?
will this stand by itself if it is full of groceries and the seat is up ?
anyone have a manual ?
i would like to run the signal from the adapter through the internal phone wiring to a base phone in another room . has anyone tried this ? did it work ?
how much weight can this cart support ?
is this the same as 278a ?
how does handle come out
is th box made from recycled material
is it usable with digital recorders ? does it pick up static ?
do these phones support conference calls ?
does the planner start with august ?
canthis phone work without electric power ? even though the features like readouts do not ?
does this planner have a plastic cover back ?
does this work on hp envy 4502 ?
does the cordless handset have a jack for headphones ?
what 's the height of the cart , from the bottom of the wheels to the top of the first shelf ?
does it do regular time ? not military time !
does this product come with the syringes ?
noise ?
how is the scanner on black and white negatives ?
how long and wide is it ?
will small magnets stick to it as well ?
what is the thickness of the material ? is it suitable to be used on a vinyl plotter ?
anyone using it with windows 8 ?
is the size of the xl cartridge larger then the standard cartridge ?
how fast does it print a 4x6 picture ?
does the printer come with a usb cord ?
with a 6lb screen on top and a 3.5lb laptop on the second shelf , would this be sturdy enough to lift and carry by the top shelf ?
is this the putty color showing or the dark gray ... ?
does it come with labels and ink ?
can anyone explain how to reload the labels ?
do i need a special separate service other than my present monthly cell service ?
hi - how do i hang file folders in the lower drawer ?
mouse space ?
couple questions:1. what type+size paper could be used ? 2.how would i add a ( hard ) cover to the papers ?
is this a manual or automatic machine ?
what type size of binding combs does this machine use ?
does the printer has a 36 female parallel port connection ?
i ca n't change the settings to regular paper instead of photopaper ?
does this book come with the address pages included ?
will this work for heat transfers on fabric ? the oem ink does but a question below about uv inks sent up a flag . please advise .
grey ink for canon pixma 980 ?
where is the gray color ... .my printer is asking for this one .
what is reasonable number pages per cartridge ?
can you use this ink for a pixma mg7100 series printer ?
what type of material is this drawer made out of ?
what is scan bed size , 11x17 ?
what is the height of the stool ?
is there a ruler system at the top of this cutter ( something to indicate inches ) ?
does this phone have a jack for a headset ?
i 'm looking for a cutter that does n't require replacing the blade ... is this true for this cutter ?
do these sheets have one side that is `` grippy '' with a bunch of tiny textured dots , or are both sides 100 % completely smooth ?
how is it tranportate ? does it come into a tube ? how big ist the tube ?
is this made of metal or is it more of a dry erase board ?
does it have holiday cards column ?
does this work with windows 7 and 8 ?
will this be compatible with os x 10.9.2 ?
does it have a speaker function ?
can you mount it on a glass desk ?
i am looking for an adhesive to reattach plastic trim molding - between the carpet and the body- surrounding the interior of my car doors . is this the stuff that i should use ?
are the labels permanent or removable ?
will this cartridge fit hp laserjet m1212nf mfp ?
how deep does the clamp go ?
are all brother printers crap , or just this one .
in the description , it says this item works with the mfc-7860dw printer , but in the drop down menu it says it does not.. which one is it ?
do these have any expiration date ?
when does it expires ?
mac compatible ?
can the mg8120 scan when ink cartridges are empty ? i read a few reports stating that a different canon multi-function printer ( the mx882 ) wo n't scan if the ink cartridges need to be replaced , which is of course absurd . does anyone know if a similar restriction applies to the mg8120 ? i would have assumed that you could scan with no ink or even with no ink cartridges in the machine , but maybe that 's not the case . can the mg8120 scan when ink cartridges are empty ? i read a few reports stating that a different canon multi-function printer ( the mx882 ) wo n't scan if the ink cartridges need to be replaced , ... » read more can the mg8120 scan when ink cartridges are empty ? i read a few reports stating that a different canon multi-function printer ( the mx882 ) wo n't scan if the ink cartridges need to be replaced , which is of course absurd . does anyone know if a similar restriction applies to the mg8120 ? i would have assumed that you could scan with no ink or even with no ink cartridges in the machine , but maybe that 's not the case . « show less
does it convert 35 mm slides to digital images ?
what color are the barbs ? clear or red ?
is the display powered by electric or batteries ?
can it weigh under an ounce ?
can the chalkboard be mounted vertically rather than horizontally ?
is this chalkboard magnetic ?
how many pages will it print
is the bottom drawer configured to hang folders or is a seperate drop-in hanger required ?
i replaced all ink cartriges . black was n't working before and still is n't . i 've cleaned the printhead 6 times . still no printing in black . help
manual corrections
how is the scanning quality and speed on this machine ? can you save scans to a pdf ?
is there *supposed* to be something that snaps off on both sides when first extending the legs ?
does this only work on a standard round door knob ?
does anyone have a link to the manual booklet ?
doc again . how long do the pens last , are they relyable ?
do they work in canion mp560 ?
does this printer work well with windows 7 ?
does this have a hinged top ?
do these cards open up ?
will this folder handle 32 # paper ?
are the wrist pads permanently attached ?
can i print paper size 11 x 17 ?
i see the color black listed on this > does that mean that it does not work with my laser color all-in-one brother dr 310 cl printer ?
hello ! can anyone please tell me how this system works with editing entering missed punches ? easy or difficult ? any insight would help .
do u need a install cd- to hook it up , and wired to your computer ?
can this be used on quickbooks pos ?
how can i change the name and state of the stamp ? is that separate ?
will the chip resetter work with t126 or the t127 cartridges or the workforce 545 ?
are the cutters metal ?
will not print
i just purchased a cross green mable lacquer and 23k medium nib fountain pen . it did n't come with a converter , do you know which converter it uses ?
can it be used on your lap ?
is this mac os x compatible ?
is it a scanner also ?
printer cuts off the right margin ... ..no matter what margins i make , the right margin always prints to the right edge of paper ! please help ? thanx !
what file format are these files images saved in jpeg ? gif ? or can i choose
i need to bring my monitor forward and *lower* it so i can see it easier . the stand it came with elevates it . would this product work for my purposes ?
excuse me : which country is dymo brand ?
can i convert old black & white and old color photos ?
how long will the toner last that comes with the printer ? should i buy a pack of toner cartridges at the same time i buy this printer ?
so ... this is just the drum , and does *not* include any of the four toners cartridges ?
does it have a microphone to be able to translate an english lecture into chinese ?
what are the overall dimensions of the piece ?
will this phone mount on a wall phone jack ?
does the back recline and the chair tilts ?
this printer can use solvent ink for exteriors ? please help me .
how many cards does this hold ?
how do we get this engraved ?
does this cabinet lock
does it have a talking caller id ?
is this stand metal or plastic ?
are the auction tickets perferated ?
what is the approximate dimension of this shredder ?
can i show automatic deductions for breaks and lunch each day ?
i do not see a year on these forms . does that mean i can use them for 2012 ?
does it copy ?
is it compatible with windows 8 ?
is there a paper tray to catch incoming faxes . if so , does it come with the unit ?
how much weight does it support ?
how far back does it tilt -- can you nap in it ?
do i have to use a black light or will these just glow in the dark when all lights are turned off ?
are all the locks and keys interchangeable ? or does each lock have a specific key ?
can the cpu shelf be mounted on the inside ?
do you get 2 or 3 pads ?
am i able to get a replacement key ?
this item shows : backed by a 100 % guarantee and a two-year warranty . how does one go about making a claim for this ?
is there any warranty with this unit and if so what does it cover ?
what size are the ink refill bottles ?
how much does this file cabinet weigh ?
how many wire followers are included ?
is this ok for imageclass d530 ?
what 's the thickness ?
which is your thichest & sturdiest mat ?
how many inches is the track that mounts under the desk ?
what is the size of rings ? how many pages are fit in ?
is this file cabinet metal or wood ?
is the true width on this thing actually 19.9 '' ?
does the yellow show up on black or other dark fabrics ?
does it have ocr ?
should the length of keyboard need to be taken in consideration . scissor lift work functionally on the desk ?
are these good for a thicker pencil such as a mechanical pencil ? are these good for bigger hands like a teen 's or an adult 's ?
does this have audio caller id ?
does it tilt ?
this might be a stupid question but does it have to be a brother ink cartridge to work in this printer or can some other brand ink cartridge work ?
how to change length of label ?
is there wi-fi connectivity to a pc ?
i need to find a printer that goes with this ink . what brother printers is this compatible with , printers that are currently being sold on amazon ? thx
i keep seeing pictures and videos of this . if you install in epson artisan 1430 do you have to print with the top of the printer open ?
when i put in my cart it says 23.17 plus 12.22 shipping ?
why ?
will these cartridges survive winter months of freezing in unoccupied home ?
does it hook up to any credit card reader via serial cable ?
what is the warm up time for this postal scale ?
does the printer force you to print in rgb mode or can you print in cmyk mode ?
is it easy to turn pages ?
is this cardboard - will it bend easily .
i like the eco paper type binders . does this one smell of plastic vinyl ?
can i stand on it ?
is this magnetic
how long can this unit run before stopping or shutting down ?
would this work ?
does it scan negitives from the 40s and 50s ?
how the strip edges looks like its soft or rough , because i want to use it for my quilling paper
how do i setup if i do not have a cd rom on my imac ?
what comes in the box ? is an initial set of cartridges included ? roll paper holder ?
are they oem cartridges ?
i need an electronic speaking dictionary for english . a translator for french and perhaps it can speak french.what model do you recommend ?
i want only to copy old negatives . what size negatives does it take ? all sizes ? how does it work with negatives ?
will this ink work in my mfcj425w printer ?
how to print first page first ?
i have a wall mount attached to my wall that is 3 inches wide & 4 3 4 inches long . will the mount on the back of this phone fit my mount ?
does this unit have the time and date stamp feature ?
will this work for ginny binders ?
how may speed dial buttons does it have ?
what is the space between the eyelets on the bracket ?
i just need a toner cartridge for my hp 1102w and this came up . well whats the deal ?
are these refillable or once the pen 's ink is used , you toss the pen into landfill ?
does this have a drawer with it on the side ? some help asap ?
how many prints ?
does it scratch up the feet of your mice ?
can someone tell me the width and depth of the flat surface on top , ( width not including the curved lip ) ?
does this board come with a marker or eraser ?
i am confused by the size statements . 'b ' paper is 11x17 , 'super b ' paper is 13x19 . so which is it ?
are these # 2 hb pencils ?
if i have an already printed poster that i need to cut a part off of , is this the right product to use ?
does it work with 220v 50hz ?
how many pages can you print before you have to change the cartridge
what is the mil of this product , 2.0 ?
can you turn off the talking caller id ?
will this cord fit cannon 1800
can you use this on act & sat & ap ?
will ooma work with adt ?
how is the speakerphone quality on these phones ?
is there a speakerphone on the base , as well as the handset ?
measurement ?
i 'd like to put 4 cards and 4 envelopes in a clear bag . the envelopes are a2 , recommendation ?
does it work with kx-tg7641 set ?
will this cordless phone work with the cl82301 model ?
will it mount on standard phone wall plate ?
how do i use the `` caller id '' function to block calls
batteries
works in venezuela
anyone know where i can find a spare eraser for it ?
does the cover fit my hp deskjet 1510 printer ?
can you disable the printer from reading the chip ?
what color is the ink in the pen ?
does it have redial and volume control features ?
what is the ren for this phone ?
how long do the pagers last after one overnight charge ?
did people who rated this high have the problem of getting a premature `` low toner '' message like those who gave it a low rating are complaining about ?
do this fit in the case-it 2 inch binder or you need the 3 inch one ?
can you disassemble this easily for packing ?
what are the base and casters made out of ?
so this product is water , fire , and theft proof ?
does this support having the laptop fully upside down so you can lay on your back and look up at the screen ?
does it sharpen crayons ? do you have any suggestions for other devices that sharpen crayons please ?
is there a slot on the inside along the side so that a normal notebook instead of a notepad could be used with this ?
are the envelopes coloured or white ?
is this compatible with the ipad 2 ?
can the esp 2170 be connected to the computer with a usb cable ?
does this phone have talking caller id ?
is it windows 7 compatable ?
does this product come with a power base ?
which side is the margin on ?
i have an ergonomic keyboard which is a bit larger than a standard keyboard . is the keyboard surface large enough to accommodate it ?
i have a motorola dect 6.0 l702m . will this work as an addionail handseat ?
can you add an additional 3rd handset to the phone system ?
is ths pointer wirelles ?
does this printer come with the ink ? or do i need to purchase it seperately ?
mac compatible ?
what are the needles for ?
does this footrest have a gel pad ?
does it print double sided pages ?
is this an energy star product ?
airprint compatable ?
are these the complete unit including the drum , corona wire , etc ?
how do you fold these ?
what is the size of the basket ? the product description indicates 17 by 16. what is the actual basket size ?
is it possible to print strips of photographs ? like the old photo booths ? does it have in house cutting mechanism ? many
does this scale have a manual reset button or does it go back to zero as soon as you remove the package ?
would this be useful to scan old handwritten wills and administrations for genealogy purposes ?
is it for use with ink jet printer
how do wrinkled receipts do in scanner ?
venezuelan airplane account ?
what is continuous run time ?
does the ink dry out fast ? and does it smudge ?
is this made of plastic or metal ?
is the color of the lead black ? or darker than a regular pencil ?
what is the approximate range from the base to one of the other phones in the system ?
where do you get inserts for this and how hard are they to change out ?
how long does it take to print the inserts ?
will this drx100 range extender work with my d1780-3 uniden cordless phone system ?
how do u hook it on
i have a 17inch laptop . will it fit ?
is this scanner self sheet feeding
how long can it record ?
i have read that the 431 has some win8 compatability issues , have you experienced that and if so how did you fix the problem so 431 works w win8
does my computer have to have a cd drive to set it up ?
will this work on a laptop with windows 7 professional , 64 bit , 4 gb ram ?
does it have speed dial ?
how tall of stack of paper can it cut cleanly ?
can you hang it on the wall or is it just a desk type phone ?
will brother hl-2280dw have compatibility problem ? will it recognize your artridge ?
does this phone have call waiting ?
i received this as a gift and it broke ! no hardware store has the right size screw to reattach the stem . what can i do ?
can the base be mounted on a wall ?
how many pages ?
will this ink pack work for a hp photosmart d110a ?
how high can the chair be adjusted ?
does this include the letter and mailing tube attachment accessories ?
does this printer produce archival quality images acceptable for museums ?
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
how fast is the speed of a cut ?
can you tell me how tall this is ( including the handle ) ? and what diameter the cups are ?
can i use this laser pointer also for flash applications ? i need it for a game ( bundesratspiel ) . any help is much appreciated !
how many do you get in a package ?
does the handset have a mute button ?
hello . i would like to know if are they compatible with hp f4583 ?
what size cartridges does it use ?
which chalk should i purchase with this board , need to use it for demo next week ?
does this machine require a specific type or brand of coin wrapper ? can you use the flat type or only the preformed type ?
what are the specifications for ordering replacement tags in a variety of lengths ?
i would like to know the approximate size of this calculator . i have one i would like to duplicate in size and it is 5.5 inches x 7.5 inches . how big is this one ?
how many credit cards does it hold ?
confused by name , is this just the drum unit that is compatible with brother mfc model 7860 ?
5 ?
what are the dimensions of this unit and what size batteries does it use ?
do the cushions cover the entire width ( side to side ) of the bottom . if not , how wide are they ?
does it weigh tenths of a gram ?
you need to sublimate ink for epson this ?
would credit card protector sleeve , hold fit a medicare card or social security card in it ?
is this 112v hard wired with battery backup .
does it collapse ( flat ) ?
what is the height of the receiver ? ty .
1 bottle refill 1 toner ?
does this one compatible with canon mf4880dw printer ?
are they perforatred or doo they have to be cut ?
how thick is the paper…will markers or ink go through to the back side ?
is the cap of the pen a screw-on type ?
sol corp ( non eom ) 4 pack refill kit how many grams per bottle , 100grams per bottle or 100grams for 4 bottles
is there a place online where i can download programming software ?
is the cork thick enough that pushpins do n't pierce through to the wall ?
is the cork board able to be mounted in both portrait and landscape positions ? or is the board only able to be mounted in one of those styles ?
is this the 2014 version ?
which pencil lead is the finest line the .05 or the .07 ?
if i leave these on the shell for three months , will they still be any good ?
do the labels print out with excessive blank tape before and after the printed letters ?
what is the inside diameter of the tube ?
how many pounds does this velcro squares support per sqft ?
if there are any technical difficulties with the cartridges are they covered by a warranty ? and will my printer have issues identifying them ?
does this resetter work on nd tm dinsink non-oem cartridges ?
what hp printers use hp 60 ink cartridge ?
how many cordless handsets are included ?
does the bag have 6 and a half inch of depth when opening ? i wanted enough room for my big phone slim yet a little under 6 inches long.will this fit ?
do the power supplies for the base and handsets work on 100-240 vac or just 120 vac ?
can this ibe used with an asterisk pbx server ?
where do you buy the refillable pages ?
what is the max this blade will cut ? can it trim my 18 '' paper ?
how do you refil it ? is it a cartredge or draw to fill type ?
will this scanner work with windows 8.1 ?
is the gold ring in the middle of pen engraved with montblanc ?
what is the size of the platform ?
does it tell you how much postage to use
are 950 and 951 interchangable ?
what is the expiration date on these ?
work on 8620 ?
is this genuine or refilled ?
how many times have you refilled the *starter* cartridge that came with your hl-2270dw before buying a replacement *cartridge* ?
does this phone have speed dial where you push only one button ?
can this product be used on cloth , like a tote bag ?
does it come with cbs logo ?
can this sharpener do a `` partial '' sharpen a la the dahle d155 , or must it sharpen to a point every time ?
why does the front metal part come out when i press the black knobs to hold the pencil in place ?
is there a portable handset available to go with the 425 ?
if used as a front desk phone , can my assistant forward connect callers to me on my cell if i 'm out of the office ?
what is this chalkboard made of ? is it the traditional slate or something else perhaps ?
the shelves on the door part , how do items not just fall off the shelf when opening the door ?
does this come with a memory card ? and do you need batteries for it ?
how far under the desk does the attachment piece need to go ?
does it need a carrier or do you just put the pouches through ?
does it come with toner ?
what is the height ( floor to top of cabinet ) , width ( right to left across front of cabinet ) , depth ( back of cabinet to front ) ?
is the privacy panel included or has to be order separate ?
i have a dell v510 printer , can i use any of these ink cartridges offered by amazon ?
does this actually have ability for an optional hot-swappable battery ?
how is the sound quality of the speakerphone ?
does it have a light that flashes when there are new messages ?
does the tray fold in ?
do they have lines on them ?
can this work with any epson printer ?
can a document be more than 1 page ?
i can write small , lol . just need to know id the blank area squares are about 1x1 space ? i think this is similar to what i order for my company last
can this printer print custom size papers ? can it print on a light card stock ?
is mg8220 compatible with apple computer ?
zebra lp2824p compatible ?
is this non-toxic ?
are these opaque-white or transparent when you peel off the back ?
does it fax ?
is this phone compatible with gigaset sl785
we print to card stock thick papare for our cards . does this printer use this thickness of paper without jamming ?
will this item copy old slides from the mid sixties .
i am using paypal here on my android phone . can i use this printer to print a receipt wirelessly ?
what are the dimensions of the plastic slots ?
how much of this product is recycled ? 100 % ?
are the name plates all the same size
13 '' wide paper ?
how do you replace the ink on this and can it use 2.25in by 165ft rolls
i know avery has their web site to help with this , but i am wondering how the printing works ? do you make 1 graphic and place it where the circles are
how easy are these labels to remove ?
mouse use : will padded pebble-grained side panel edge ( from grey to red ) interfere with mouse moving in that area ?
will it scan standard size receipts , business cards , greeting cards ? is the software user friendly ?
what mac os system can it work with ?
does it print on legal size paper ?
what is the weight capacity ?
after printing an evelope , i ca n't get back to letter printing . can i download a manual ?
does this model support paging intercom ?
how small are the margins ? my current labeler has .5 '' margins which causes me to have to cut both sides after every label . this is driving me to purchase a new labeler . i see they advertise small margins , but i would like to know how small .
does the feeder come off for packing in your suitcase ?
will not print black , is it from the printhead ?
does this work with a mac ?
i 'm confused on the ink cartridges . if one needs to be replaced , say the color , do you have to replace both black and color , even if the black still has ink ?
will it fax ?
the print head is jammed all the way to the left and wo n't budge , how can unjam it ?
where is paper feeder ?
does it come with ink ?
does it enlarge reduce documents ? does the mfcj825dw do that ? my current hp aio officejet 6500 e710n-z does but the feeder is broken and hp is no help . does it enlarge reduce documents ? does the mfcj825dw do that ? my current hp aio ... » read more does it enlarge reduce documents ? does the mfcj825dw do that ? my current hp aio officejet 6500 e710n-z does but the feeder is broken and hp is no help . « show less
what are the dimentions for the very top shelf ?
can it be used on ink jet printer ?
does this phone use a worldwide 110 220v power ? does this phone use a worldwide 110 220v power i.e . can i buy this phone for use anywhere in the world without the need for power adapters ?
does it come in the box it shows in the picture ?
which type of ink cartridges does this pen take ?
can i use this to repair paper lantern ?
can this cartridge be refilled , or is it 1-time use only ?
my question is about the actual color i am not familiar with wind oak , is the product color closer to the picture dark oak , or is it a lighter color ?
can it scan a document into rtf editable text ?
do these seats bolt up to the standard 4 bolt jon boat or bass hunter type seat frames ?
can you tell the scanner where to file the receipts ?
our fridge is kind of rounded , is this board flexible ?
can high yield cartridges be made with this kit ? if so , does it require an hp 61xl cartridge ?
what color is the ink ?
can i scan multiple pages as a single pdf file and be sent to my email ?
can headphones be used ?
how well does the `` linkyo compatible canon 128 ( 3500b001 ) toner cartridge '' live up to it 's 2100 copy claim , and what about the print quality ?
if i need to print on glossy paper ; do i still use the normal ink cartridge or is there special one for printing pictures on glossy ?
hp officejet pro 8600 great hardware lousy connectivity software i have had 5 hours of wasted hp help center communication to resolve problems with error message and failed functions that all appear due to my desktop not always recognizing the availability of the printer and scanner . hp could not resolve the problems despite running their multiple diagnostic software programs . when working , the printer is great with superb features . i wonder if the hp has a problem when the desktop connects to the network via ethernet while the printer is on wifi ? i doubt it since connecting the printer via ethernet did not resolve the issues . has anyone else come up with these problems ( e.g . printer error messages while it prints perfectly ) and potential fixes ? hp officejet pro 8600 great hardware lousy connectivity software i have had 5 hours of wasted hp help center communication to resolve problems with error message and failed functions that all ... » read more hp officejet pro 8600 great hardware lousy connectivity software i have had 5 hours of wasted hp help center communication to resolve problems with error message and failed functions that all appear due to my desktop not always recognizing the availability of the printer and scanner . hp could not resolve the problems despite running their multiple diagnostic software programs . when working , the printer is great with superb features . i wonder if the hp has a problem when the desktop connects to the network via ethernet while the printer is on wifi ? i doubt it since connecting the printer via ethernet did not resolve the issues . has anyone else come up with these problems ( e.g . printer error messages while it prints perfectly ) and potential fixes ? « show less
what ink jet printer codes are compatible with this machine ?
can you auto feed to scan pictures ?
does the top swivel ?
can you fill ink from a bottle ?
will this scanner work on a wireless network ?
is this printer also for window 7 64 bit and wireless
is this product packaged in the original box ?
how many phone numbers can be saved in the phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
what size page can the wolverine pass200 scan
i am assuming this is basically 36 x 36 with the lip brining it to 48 ?
brother mfc-j430w vs epson expression home xp-410 which best ?
what is the specific item number of each cartridge in the epson complete ink cartridge set for epson stylus photo 3880 printer ?
what ink cartridge does it use ?
does this printer print on cd ?
will not scan our bar codes !
is this printer support windows 7 ?
is it a pull out basket ?
does it do duplex
does it handle cardstock ?
can you draw on these ? would sharpies work ?
want to know where to install the cartridge into the printer
is this printer come with ink cartridge out of the box or i have to buy them separately ?
what comes with the printer besides the printer , any accessories ?
will this print barcodes ?
would this work for a chair or sofa use ?
what are the measurements the width
how wide is the clamp ?
how long does one last ?
will this printer use 200xl cartridges
how many envelopes can be stacked for printing on this printer
does the printer come with a cartridge ( starter or standard ) ?
will the second tray hold legal size paper ?
do you have to replace the color ink at the same time as the black ink ?
what are the differences between the canon pg 240xl and canon pg 240 non-xl ? o.o
this product is messy and does n't function as well as what i purchased with ebay .
i have a t1 line coming into my office that splits at the hub one for data and one for voice . would this sytem work or is their another system you wou
does it print double-sided ?
how many pages print with canon pg-241xxl fine ink cartridge ?
how does the info get to the software is it wifi or eithernet cable ?
is product work with window 8.1 ?
is there call waiting ?
is it flat , or is the top tilted a little in order to see the numbers better ?
are there sensors that read the bills that need to be cleaned
is this ink work with mg5320 model
could this be mounted upside down on a shelf that is behind and above the desk ?
do these phones have headset jack capability ?
do these take standard poe , or do they need a custom injector ?
how fast does the envelope printer print ? is it dependent on the printer model it 's plugged into ? what subset of the printer speed would it be then ?
will this cut vinyl for bumper stickers ?
print head is incorrect ? help ?
has anyone been able to print with an ipad ?
do the hanging files slide easily ?
how fast is the scan speed ? such as , 300dpi color , 10 single side pages from the document feeder , to usb stick ?
my current plan book has 20 boxes per page , which allows me 40 boxes per week with both sides . how many does this planner have ?
does this box have plastic strap hinges ?
i have received the two cartridges and i am having problems with the quality of the printing . i am getting shadows
i´m go to miami this 9 09 14 to 12 09 14 , pls you can put thois phone in miami in this date ? regards
does this work with quickbooks online ?
can this be mounted vertically ?
are these standard business-size envelopes ? if not , what are the dimensions ?
does this come with a needle ? there 's none pictured
seeing that the barcode scanner is n't very strong , would it be possible to purchase a separate scanner and hook it up to the machine ?
i only want to count paper coupons that i use in my business . the coupons are about 75 % the size of a dollar bill . can do ?
how does the ink toner last ?
will this copier work wirelessly with a linksys e3000 n router
how is the ink put into the printer cartridge ?
does this pen run out of ink easily ?
will they work with quicken ?
are they side loading or top loading
are these labels as thick as the avery labels and able to completely hide any old labels behind them ?
how to customize this stamp ?
what material is it made of ?
does have network connections ? ethernet ?
can you delete picture before you use photo paper ?
can i use a converter in this pen ? which one ?
do they come sharpen
could you flip it sideways to use it as a 40wide by 29high board and still use the stand ?
does this model have a currency converter ?
what is the inner diameter of the cylinder , in millimeters ?
what is the size
the cartridge i 'm replacing says : parker t-ball refill l9 medium ... .will this fit my old parker ?
is it possible to buy just the top of the shredder which is the part that is broken
does it have an expiry date ?
can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ? like these : http : www.amazon.com pendaflex-reinforced-hanging-folders-4158 dp b0 can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ? like these : http : www.amazon.com pendaflex-rein ... » read more can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ?
does this work with mac computer and android cellphone ?
will this work with qr codes ?
is this compatible with the ipad mini ?
how many copies will this cartridge make ?
please , how do i turn off the 2 sided printing ? i never want that and it takes time to uncheck it every single time i print ?
what is the best document management software to use with scanner ?
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
looking at a used j435w . i need it to print ( color ) product labels to apply to packages of baked goods . anyone have experience w labels ?
works on linux ?
is it true you can use this for watercolor painting ?
just to be clear , is a projector needed for this remote , or can i use the remote directly with my laptop ?
could i add this tray to the hp8600 base model ?
does the hardware come off completely so it can be just a plain piece of glass or is it built into it ?
will the scanner functions still work if the printer ink runs out ?
are these perforated between the labels ?
is it an analog system ?
i bought another kit and should have purchased this one . any chance that the tanks are refillable so i could use the ink i have already purchased ?
at the lowest setting , how tall are the top of the arms from the floor ?
how do i connect printer to wireless phone
in this pack do you get 2 drawers or 1 ?
what are the dimensions ?
what is its lowest vertical height ?
does this toner cartridge work with samsung ml 2160 laser printer ?
will this monitor arm work with imac 21.5 '' ?
what is the size of the bible cover ?
what ink cartridges does this take ?
which of the following does this support : windows , mac os , linux , android , ios ?
what 's in the box ?
can i have a printer connected to it directly via usb and have another printer print through it via wireless ?
for 11x17 printing , does the printer use the black cartridge , or derive black by mixing colors ?
i do not have wireless and need to connect to a laptop for billing on cardstock of at least 90 # . do i need a usb connector ?
what software comes with this , and how good is that software ?
is it really that big of a difference than regular pencils that are 30 for $ 6 ?
does it have an area for hanging files ?
does this print 11x17 double sided ?
what is the size of this form
what is the resolusion of the scaned digital photo ?
can this works for scanning receipts ? have any one used it for scanning receipts ?
will this product work with a flat bed scanner or do i need to purchase another scanner
do 110 negatives work in these trays ?
does fone come with headset jack ?
what is the tip point ? bold or medium ?
is this scanner compatible with ios 8.01 .
can you scan multiple pages to a single file ?
do i need to buy additional usb dongle attached to this printer to print wirelessly or not ?
is this compatible with windows 8
does the back of the chair move or is it stationary ? meaning will it recline back a little bit ?
would this be compatible with the wheel writer 1500 , it seems similar but not sure
is there a wall-hanging feature with any of the handsets or base station ?
is this phone static free and clear to hear ?
can you use a headset with these phones ? is there an input for a panasonic wired headset ?
does the bluetooth work with ipone6 ? how many cordless hand sets does the base support .
does this scan both sides at the same time ?
do you have to send your files to a cloud service or can they be loaded directly to your computer ?
can i use it with a mac and a pc ?
does this product have sound ?
is the cover lightweight like a paper back book ?
what are the dimensions of the scale
will it cut laminate ? business cards that have been laminated ?
will this work for a first data fd400 ?
how do you mount the monitor to the stand ?
do i need a monitor mount attachment for this ?
will this printer work with windows 7
can the font be in times new roman ?
does the box bring 5 pairs of covers , meaning all covers needed for 1 chair ?
will this device scan 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' and 11 '' x 17 '' documents ?
will this fit 2 22 '' monitors slanted in diagonally..i read the speaker stands rotate ?
can the paper be printed on with a digital printer ?
size of the basket ?
does the toner cartridge come with the printer ?
are these suitable for ag-7 space pen ?
does this phone have a headset jack included ?
can this phone be mounted on the wall ?
is it wall mountable
can you reduce ( lower ) the tilt of the base unit ?
can you hear the person when they leave a message ?
can this be mounted on a wall ?
how many envelope come in a one pack
can i overlap the 2 side monitors bezals with the middle monitor ? to make the bezals between the screens to be smaller ?
i bought the one without the storage `` nets '' . i was wondering if with the right glue and craft handle could it be turned into a micro brief case ?
does it have duplex scanning ?
what is the weight limit on the seat
with google voice , can you just pick up the phone and make the call ?
does it do duplex printing ?
does it matter which operating system you have ?
does this printer have a front load capacity for checks and special forms to be fed individually or must everything be put into the paper tray ?
can you give a few more measurements ? surface area of each step ? and the height of each step from ground level ?
do the wheels come off ?
the hinge on my late 2009 27 '' imac stand has failed and my monitor now droops . i have to use the apple vesa adapter kit . will this stand work for me ?
how well does this mouse work in spreadsheets ? i need to get my hands off the desk at work . will this work ?
why do i need a projector
you have two different dimentions listed for this product ( 4 x 1 x 1 inches and 1.75 '' x 0.5 '' x 0.25 ) what is the actual size of the badge ?
are the pages lined ?
newsoft
dimensions are 24 x 40 x 24 , size is 20 x 20 x 34. please explain , which is accurate ?
how do you change the display from `` math '' ?
is the lumbar support height adjustable ?
for those who have owned this machine , how significant is the toner odor ?
how can i help my cartridges last longer ?
how does it do with over-heating ?
i am looking for an extra set of keys for large cash drawer hs-410a2 that was purchased last year . have misplaced set i got with drawer . do you have
does this cartridge work okay with brother mfc-7360n printer ?
is for the wp-4530
does it have a number directory or just the five speed dial options ?
anybody find the ink flow sporadic ?
can i use a jinhao ink cartridge with this pen ?
which eraser do you recommend for this board ?
are these really 8.5 '' x 11 '' ?
how loud is the ringer ?
i heave the main phone which works perfectly well but the other three that came with the package , do not . is there a way i can just purchase the three phones rather than the set with the main component which i dont really need i heave the main phone which works perfectly well but the other three that came with the package , do not . is there a way i can just purchase the three phones rather than the set with the main ... » read more i heave the main phone which works perfectly well but the other three that came with the package , do not . is there a way i can just purchase the three phones rather than the set with the main component which i dont really need « show less
is it an it3800 with a `` true '' usb cable ( not a ps2 style cable witha usb adapter ?
dear sir , is this compatible with with my rca 25425 and 25424 ?
i only have two lines currently , will this phone work ?
find the verbal caller-id announcment on my sister 's phone to be annoying and hard to understand . can this be disabled so u just get visual id ?
is the caller id backlit when a call comes in ?
when replaying old messages , in what order does it replay them : from newest to oldest , or from oldest to newest ?
will this corded phone work when the power goes out as long as our telephone service is still up ?
what is the ring like on this phone .
is this handset compatible with all uniden dect 6.0 systems ?
if i buy and plug in this phone , how do i select which number area code for it ?
if i type in a sentence of my own in english , will it translate to spanish ?
are these sticky all over ? or halfway up like a tab ?
is this tray compatible with the m401n ?
does the sign run off batteries too ? or does it need to be plugged in ?
will this printer also printe legal size paper
-what is the thickness of this material ?
with this phone i do n't need a pc ? i can use the phone wireless with a direct connection skype ?
can i do print and cut iron transfers with this printer ?
will this suppport a 380 lb person ?
can the holes in the base be used to secure the mount to a cart ?
what type printer cable does it take ?
are these casters soft rubber and what is the stem lengeth ?
is this compatible with mac ?
is it necessary to purchase trays for slides & negatives or are they included ?
will the base phone work with my existing phones ?
how do i make it scan ?
will anybody please let me know the weight of 1 box x 1000 units ?
will this work in the mfc 8810dw printer ?
does it work with 220 v ?
does anyone know what temperature this can get to ?
once i laminate my project , can i trim the edges for a better finished product ? how far from the edge of my project can i trim ?
do they have handles cut out ?
any problems with standby battery life ?
are the corners perforated , to tear off after each week ?
does this phone work with google voice ?
how much does it weigh ?
what is the measurement between the shelves ?
it seems i have to frequently fill the ink cartridges even when i only print a few pages . i do n't use the printer for photos . is this typical ?
does adding this tray make the printer taller or does it fit inside the printer ?
does this copier allow you to change the image size ? so can you reduce a legal size document so that it fits on a letter size page ?
i had a franklin bib-475 and seen this bible which is very similar what are the extra functions that this bible has that bib-475 does n't have ?
what is the size ?
is this printer an efax friendly printer or does it require a telephone jack to connect to ?
will it work for chairs that are not on wheels ?
can you easily use it with your ipad ?
will this work on windows 8.1 ?
where are the images scanned to ? the computer hard drive ? sd card ? the computer has to be on ?
this is my first replacement toner for my mfc-8950-dw . do i need a different drum to go from a standard size toner cartridge to a super high yield ?
does it come with a tape ?
how well does this item work while printing labels and on card stock ?
how stiff floppy is this.need to put a 2 sided daily checklist & use felt dry erase pen to check off items then erase and reuse it .
will it work with windows 8.1 ?
can the wheels be removed to be a stationary chair or would that scratch the floor ?
does this unit cover nec 2011 ?
do the cordless bases need to connected to a phone jack , or only the base ?
does this ink work in the mg 6200 printer ?
how thick is this binder - total outside thickness
mine just arrived . there is terrible squeaky sound . did anyone have that problem ?
do legs lock into place ?
what size of pictures does it print ?
what size ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
the wifi scanner works with the phone ?
will the obibt along with the obi1032 allow me to use my bluetooth headsets with the 1032 ?
will this copier work with out a computer ?
does this check book have the '' plastic '' to separate duplicate checks ?
how many pages per letter tab ?
mg5320
how is the fax feature
is is possible to adjust how far from the edge the holes are punched ?
is dual side printing automatic ? i.e . no hands ?
is this model compatible with ms windows 8 ?
does thie machine have the ability to act as a scanner for a pc ?
what sort of experiences ( good and bad ) have owners had with remanufactured or compatible toners . what i want to find is whether there is a reliable supplier seller of good aftermarket toner cartridges for this printer . what sort of experiences ( good and bad ) have owners had with remanufactured or compatible toners . what i want to find is whether there is a reliable supplier seller of good aftermarket toner ... » read more what sort of experiences ( good and bad ) have owners had with remanufactured or compatible toners . what i want to find is whether there is a reliable supplier seller of good aftermarket toner cartridges for this printer . « show less
do you have the dimensions if this pager ?
i feel stupid but i can not find a `` collection cup '' to empty . where is it ?
what is the melting point ?
is this compatible with the lexmark genesis s816
is it sturdy enough to use as a dinner and drink tray ?
are these compatible with the epson stylus photo rx580 ?
does it have the ability to enlarge or reduce images ?
can anybody tell me if the scanner can be used from an ipad ?
will it accept cf cards ?
if i wanted to add more dictionaries from my computer will i be able to do that ? i have some specific dictionaries that i 'd like to use can i download them to this one ?
how does its scientific calculator work ?
is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them . these type of electronic dictionaries try to do too much is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them . these type of electronic ... » read more is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them .
can the shred head be used on other garbage cans ?
does this shredder have a pull out drawer or do i have to pull up the top ?
is this phone wall mountable ( kx-tg454 ( sk )
is there a dial tone when you pick up the handset ?
how do i get past paper jam message that continues even after paper is removed ?
i just wanted to make sure this terminal is unlocked ?
what is the ink comsumption
i see that this printer does not have red ink , how well does it handle red tones ?
can this be set up to scan to a network shared folder so that all users can use it with out software installed on each workstation ?
what is the longevity of the ink once put in the printer if one does not print often ?
how fast does the ink dry out once in the printer ?
what is the expiration date ?
the high yield black ink 107bk does not work with the above machine . why are you showing it along with the printer ?
does it do 1-pass 2-sided scanning when using the flatbed , or only with the adf ?
what is the range of the remote ?
can anyone tell me if this is quite or noisy ? please .
my clock does n't have a vs button . it has these five buttons : set , up , down , on off , resethow do i set it so the so the time is always showing ?
what 's the benefit of the infrared ( ir ) channel ?
is it possible to use without the wheels ?
what refills do i order for this pen ?
does this printer come with ink or do i need to purchase it separately ?
does the hp designjet t120 support autocad files ?
what are the dimensions ? is it the size of a normal clipboard , or is it pocket size ?
what size is this planner ?
is it pocket size ? will it fit in jeans pockets ?
does it have place on both ends for drivers license ?
lowest height from floor to top of the seat ?
i really like this cabinet ... but can someone confirm that this is exactly 16 inch deep ?
geeez is it color or black and white ?
can i have a signature stamp made instead of specific font ? if yes , would i scan and upload email the custom signature to you ?
does it have a working bulb in it ?
can you use it in bed ?
i have a ml-2165w xac . will this cartridge work ?
anyone try this out with iphone ? quality of pics any good ?
where is the spare needle to be found ? it would have been nice to have had some sort of instruction on how to put this chinese product together ... .
is this product usefull to wrap the luggage and dispacht it in the airport ?
are all four inks dye based .
dear all , please tell me if this calculator package includes a so called `` quick reference card '' , the hard coated paper inside the protective case ? thk
does this machine have an auto-off feature ?
the power button does n't seem to do anything . the machine wo n't turn off with the button . i would have to unplug . is that normal ?
can it shred unopened junk mail ?
since four entries can be made on a page for a total of 660 contacts , are there 165 pages ? how many lines are available for each contact ?
can it take 230 volts , 50 hz as mains input ?
can you put something slightly heavy on top , like a printer ?
does this version of the kensington presenter ( k72426am ) trigger the f5 function when using the laser , like the 33374 ?
does the ps50 scan both sides of a 2-sided document , say a postcard with writing on the back ?
does hd 277 cartridge have expiration chip built-in ? hopefully not .
will it scan multiple pages to one pdf file ?
is it compatable with windows 8.
is the body completely metal or the grip ( place where you hold and write ) is plastic ?
can you confirm it will ?
a tn 750 is supposed to fit my 5470dw as high yield . do these cartridges fit my printer ?
how long is your refill ? why do n't any refill mfrs provide this information ?
envelope
does the easel come with more than two pegs ?
how do i change my printer settings from plain white paper to glossy photo paper ?
does it print duplex
if i have a screen in the center that has a width of 16.5 inches will that then allow me to mount on each side screens with a width of 22.2 inches ?
will this printer print business cards
will it work on a eithnet network ( cat5 conectotr ) network printer
it print glossy paper ?
how are the pictures numbered , when the unit is shut down does it start numbering over when doing more scans ?
will this ink cartridge work with lexmark all in one x5450 refurbished printer ?
what head set do i need
how many pages per letter ?
will it work with a clx 3170 printer and has the chip been hagd so that the printer recognises the cartridge and accepts it .
i would like to buy 5 cases ( 250 rolls ) . can i get free shipping ?
can you successfully print on this paper using an inkjet or laser printer ?
picture quality ?
does this system have room monitoring ?
is this ink with chip at the bottom or you need a chip frame
do these come with arc chips ?
what are the advantages of this handset , over using panasonic dect6 cordless handsets ( that have good audio quality ) ?
approximately how many standard id cards are able to fit in these ?
is this pretty stable to use to study things in bed when sitting up ?
how many pages per cartridge ?
how does this printer handle grayscale images ?
is this product good for seniors who are not tech savvy and very shaky fingers to communicate and see their kids who live away ? is it user friendly ?
how do i personalize this item ?
this item use battery ?
i 'm looking to use this printer for print-and-cut with my die cut machine ( crafting ) . has anyone used a heavier weight cardstock with this printer ?
does this battery operated pencil sharpener sharpen pencils the way electric pencil sharpeners would ?
will this work [ c3500b001aalaser toner cart ] for a d500 series
is it 12 '' wide ( diameter ) or 12 '' high ?
this package contains : 2 replacement toner cartridge & drum to replace brother dr400 tn460 toner cartridges & drum ( 1 toner , 1 drum ) . which is it
does this print and cut and is it mac compatible ?
i print coupon . how many pages should i be able to print per cartridge ?
does this phone have an intercom system ?
i do n't believe this printer actually has wireless capabilities as the title indicates . please confirm .
do you have to install all the ink cartridges for the printer to work , are you able to install just the black ink cartridge if that 's all you are using at the time ? i had a kodak ink jet which required the all the ink cartridges to be installed to work . 2. is that printer able to use compatible ink or have they rigged it to only run on hp produced ink only ? do you have to install all the ink cartridges for the printer to work , are you able to install just the black ink cartridge if that 's all you are using at the time ? i had a kodak ink jet which ... » read more do you have to install all the ink cartridges for the printer to work , are you able to install just the black ink cartridge if that 's all you are using at the time ? i had a kodak ink jet which required the all the ink cartridges to be installed to work . 2. is that printer able to use compatible ink or have they rigged it to only run on hp produced ink only ? « show less
if i am only going to be use the black ink , i should n't need to replace the colors ?
does it come with ink cartridges ?
can it scan color docs ?
will the printer take hp02 ink ?
printer 1 year old . never used it until this week . the paper wo n't feed through . it jams immediately . can this be fixed ? is there a driver i need ?
will this terminal accept the remote pin pad from my verifone vx510
will it work for my epson xp 310 ?
what ink does it take ?
what capacity ?
is this a wireless printer ?
how well does it print directly to cds ?
is this an inkjet printer ?
can this scan while fully open ?
does this have acid-free paper ?
does this ink work for canon pixma mg 6320 ?
do all these work on the pixma mg5420 ?
can this bookstand collapse flat and become portable ( i.e , fit in my backpack ) ?
if i eat food on near this , will the food clean off easily ?
can the set up sheet be emailed ?
why does it not have a spindal for the tape to roll onto
what material is the surface ?
will legal size paper fit in this tray ?
how long after purchasing is the motor still working ? and the mechanism still sharpening ?
is there a best before date on the package ? i was planning to buy a few boxes with my printer . how long does it keep unopened ?
i was wondering if the little plastic covering the nozzle hole has to be removed before installing ?
is it possible to lock this with a pad lock ?
does this work with linux ?
does it have a warranty an if so how long ?
the product include a chip ?
does this model work with the first generation ipad ?
so ... if you 're already so bad at losing your keys that you need to get one of these , how do you not loose the transmitter ?
is the leather that cheesy hard bonded leather , or is it a soft supple glove leather ?
what size is the cell phone pocket ?
the machine counts new 100 dollar bill ?
what does the xl stand for ?
is it wireless or plug in
can this be used with a macbook pro ?
is there a monthly or annual fee to use this , like magic jack has ? mj is $ 20 per year . is this essentially the same thing as magic jack ?
can i use regular aa battery , instead of rechargeable battery ?
how do get this phone to work am i missing something ?
how do you load and use this ? no instructions !
does it include the software and hardware ?
what are the measurments ?
is this scanner suitable for scanning photos as well as documents ?
how does it handle if you 've underlined the sentence and the unlining gets into the words , will it copy the word and what about the underkining
how many pounds can a box hold
what is the capability ?
does a laser mouse work on it or does it mess it up with light refraction ?
is this just one box ?
is the box cardboard , wood , plastic , or ?
is it compatible with this this printer : ricoh 405750 aficio sg 3110dn geljet color and b w printer
why would one need 4 syringes ?
will this ink tank fit the canon 922 ?
what is the net weight ? how many grams ?
is the chinese traditional or simplified ?
there are no directions , can anybody help me put this cabinet together ?
is this unit emv compatible ?
does an xbox work with this monitor ?
does it come with a holder to scan 110 and 126 negatives as they are much smaller than 35mm ?
do these come off easily ( are they `` removable '' ) ? do they leave behind residue ?
does it have a cover ? is it portable ?
gamer mouse pad
how long is the shelf life of this toner ? does it `` go bad '' or last indefinitely ?
will these work for the hp photosmart 7515 ?
are these cartridges going to work in my b210 photosmart all in one ?
i received this item last week , and i wanted to know if it is normal for it to be loud ? the ribbon that it came with is dry , can i get a new one ?
i want to be able to stand at my desk and use this product with my 17 '' mac book pro , it that possible ?
do you have to keep track of which handset goes with which base ? or are they all interchangeable ?
what kind of power adapter do i need to buy for this ?
help .
i 'm wondering if my monitors will fit - i have two 24 '' widescreen monitors ( modern style with a small desk footprint ) . is the desk wide enough ?
will this item function in a 220v ( europe ) environment ?
does it have an automatic paper feeder ?
will this auto-duplex 11x17 paper when used with the hp 7610. ?
is the quality really 20 mp ?
does this cartridge have a high yield ?
can you use these on a chalk board ?
what is this made of ?
has anyone used this for just a wireless keyboard and mouse ? how does it work ?
good i wonder if the tool used to release featuring bands samsung ? or just repair software ?
how do you select the color ?
does this work with google voice ?
does it work with kx-tg7731 ?
does this have a jack for a headset ?
is this phone turqoise in color , and do you plug it in ?
will this ribbon fit a remington quiet-riter ?
is this the same as the essentials kit from pantone.com ? same books ? and if i can also download free the color manager software ?
is it compatible with windows 8 ?
is there a way to de-activate the motion ?
what is the voltage please ? is it 220v- 240v ?
can this be used with a kindle to block radiation ?
does this come with 4 brocade , or 2 brocade and 2 pinstripe ?
can caller announce be turned off ?
is this postage printer compatible with usps & ups ,
does it print two sided ?
is this a genuine oem brother replacement unit , or a generic brand `` compatible '' part ?
does it come with toners ? what is the size frort to back left to right and the height ?
the mf8580cdw is more expensive . i am wondering why .
does this phone have a intercom button ? or do you have to push some other buttons to get to the intercom ?
what ink cartridges does it use ?
does it work with an imac 10.5.8 ?
what usb interface does it use 2 or 3 ?
does this come with a 220v power adapter ?
i understand it will accept 3mil or 5mil pouches , but how thick an an object can you feed into the machine ?
anybody have any experience porting a verizon landline to google voice , and what would be the steps that i need to take ?
does this have a install disc ?
printer front says 3512 , back info says 3510 and the cd that came with is for 3510. i 'm afraid to try to install . is this right ?
does the magnetic name tag come with the magnet as well or are they just the nametage with the magnetic backing and no way to hold them on ? -
if you get the 8.9 inches x 11.4 inches , can you cut it down to laminate business size card ? or is it only good for the full size ?
will it bolt to a wall ?
will i look as thoroughly unhappy as the model in the image if i buy this product ?
can i see an actual page from the planner ?
there is no usb cable in the box , what a ridiculous that you can not use it when this item delivered home ... what type of this usb cable ?
does it come with toner or do you have to buy it separately ?
google cloud print ready ?
can i scan and save to my mac via wi-fi , or does that require a hard-line connection ?
will any cordless phone work with the router or do you have to have special phones ?
is it a toy ... or a serious coin counter ?
what is the nib that comes with it ?
is the inside blank ? do they come with envelopes ?
what 's the size of the pendant itself ?
can you select to only use black toner when printing in black and white ?
how many copies per toner cartridge ?
can you load from the back , for cardstock thick 11x17 paper ?
are the pencils refillable ?
are these really for 2013 and 2014 - seems like most of the time is past
what are the dimensions of this planner ?
what are the dimensions ?
what are the inside measurements of the drawer ?
will this film work with an activator , to do water transfer applications ?
is this a vvx 400 or a vvx 410 model ?
will it work with the epson workforce wf-2540 ?
how do you fill or refill this pen ?
what ink may i use for it ? thx .
will this work on an underwood model 12 ?
does this dayminder supplied by amazon have english & french for the days ?
can it be used outside of the us ?
what nib size is this fountain pen ?
how long can you cut a vinyl ?
will this planner stay open to a month if left so on a flat surface ?
is this multytiff ? , i dont know what that is , my father told me to ask this
does it come with a power cable ? , or is it only battery operated ?
can this drawer come with anchors or brackets . is so , could you please provide description and location of brackets .
does this come with 2 keys ?
does it annouce the caller ?
is phone a wireless phone ?
what materials do i need to get to actually bind something using this machine ? coil ? can i find that on here too ?
how about the refills kit for this ciss ? i ca n't find it in amazon ? how many copies of a4 it can print with 100cc ?
can this be used with the yealink t48g as an extra handset ?
aside from the baffle wheel and floating gauge , are there any other plastic parts on this cutter ?
does it have driver for windows 8.1 ?
would this work with a ( copy pasting ) high back executive pu leather ergonomic office desk computer chair o10 ?
can you post a link to the instruction manual ?
dose this count the money also ?
how many business cards does this case hold ?
how subtle is the company logo ?
is there a way to recycle the empty cartridge ?
do the letter files go side to side , or only front to back ?
can this do all what hp16c used to do ? hex , octa , binary - shift left right , bitwise logical operators etc ? - or must all that be programmed manually ?
comes with full set of standard toner what does that mean ?
what is the font size ?
what does the rapid led flash mean ?
does it microshread cd 's or just the paper ?
will this ink fit a jinhao x450
will this work for `` day-timer 's '' 5.5 x 8.5 inches planners ?
how many pages of printing is each set of cartridges good for ?
will this work for mg pixma 7520 ?
do these cartridges have the small lights that let you know they are installed properly like the oem cartridges do ?
does this item come with ink in the reserve or does ink need to be purchased separately before use ?
does this refill come in a multi year ?
what size is it ? will it sit on a desk ?
will this pen scan text on an ipad ?
is the paper ok for calligraphy
can this be used with internet and be pci compliant ? or just land line ?
what is the measurements for this shopping cart is this cart regular size or is it a mini shopping cart
does anyone know the minimum hole size that the knurled end will fit thru ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
what does it cost a mounth ?
how do you clean it ?
do the pillows come with the loveseat ? if not , where can you get them ?
does this calendar have a storage pocket ?
i 'm deciding between this planner and the same size , wirebound version . does this hardback version lay flat on a desk , as the wirebound would ?
how many pictures does it print with one cartridge
is this item `` sk53 '' ?
what is the cover made of ? is it water proof .
it says the size is 7.25 x 8.93 x .25 inches ... ... does that mean that the thickness is 1 4 inch ? is n't that kinda skinny ?
how much space is each daily square ?
does the book lay flat when open ?
does this come in some kind of holder or is it just the pad ?
i 'd like to post this calendar on my fridge . does it come with magnets ?
does this include a day schedule as well as the monthly planning ?
the dates are off by one date , compared to my other 2014 calendars . for ex : jan 1 is shown as a thurssday , but it 's actually on wednesday ?
does this refill contain an address refill ?
does this have an address in the back as this item had previously when i purchased it in 2012 ?
how to you install the refills ?
does this support qr codes 2d barcodes ?
does this come with the monthly planning tabs ?
which binders work well with these refills ?
has any customer found this to be reliable ?
do these pens come with there own gift box ?
does this agenda have pages with times pre-printed for each day to enter your appointments ?
will this shredder handel unopened junk mail
how big is the label slot on the spine of the binder ?
is this actual chalk board or a faux chalkboard ?
how is the volume compared to the actual staples `` that was easy '' button ?
any reason i could n't use with monitor and wireless keyboard as long as they fit and are under the weight limit ?
i have a day runner planner . does anyone know if these will fit in the day runner -- same page size ?
i need two rolls of the magenta color . is that possible ?
do these cartridges work for canon mg5420 printer ?
can this be used for outside of barber shop ? in other words , is it water resistant ?
can i scan using the paper feeder on top ?
does this work for printing instagram pics ?
is it possible to send a fax directly from a pc or mac through mc362w ?
i have an 8.5 '' x 17 '' vinyl label sheet . can i print on the label with full printing ? media size says 14 '' maximum so 17 '' wont work ?
whats in the box
can this product recognize foreign languages ( e.g . japanese and korean ) when converting into non-image documents ?
is this printer compatible with windows 8.1 ?
what size monitors fit on the arm
what is the difference between this model 20406931 & model 20407167 ?
can a 40 '' poster actually fit when the product is fully expanded ? or does the full 40 '' extension of the product only refer to the exterior dimensions ?
who is the narrator
how is the quality of the color printing ?
do any of the phones have an 3.5 jack ? can you `` pair '' a dect6.0 ( `` bluetooth style ) headset to them ? what is the purpose of the retro handset ?
will the device work on gm cars and is all power denied to the device when switched off ?
does this phone have caller id for waiting calls ?
about how tall is this when the legs are fully extended ?
why does printer still say `` toner low '' after installing new cartridge ?
what is the difference between the sizes ?
can i put this on my desk and work while standing ?
can this scan multiple pages at a time ( not have to feed in 1 page at a time ) ?
can you print from other computersiin addition to samsung tablets and smartphones ?
i do n't find the product name `` casio fx-cp400-l '' in the casio website , is this product the same as graphing classpad fx-cp400 ? does it has cas ?
i just received the shipment today but inside the padfolio there are no elastic accessory ( the blue and yellow thing in the picture ) whatsoever ?
is this a padded portfolio pad ?
what is the depth of the seat ?
how much of an angle would you say the seat ( not the back ) reclines ? from the picture looks like the second lever ?
instead of the flatbed scanner ?
i wonder what the actual beep sounds like .
what is the number for the replacement label tape ?
does this have a monthly page as well ?
i 'm looking for a low cost way of scanning large documents like blueprints . will this work for large format projects ?
will this fit on my vehicle 's rearview mirror ?
can you also use laptops with it ?
is the paper lined
how long does it take to scan a 4 x 6 photo ?
can you read the ad from both sides of the flag ?
i do n't understand what this phrase means : `` ... you can choose or port your phone number . ''
are there compatible ink cartridges for this printer ?
will it print # 10 envelopes ? what is paper tray capacity ?
does it automatically wake-up from sleep or required to press the on off button when printing ?
is the email to give me the calling card sent to my email of my amazon accouont ?
i am wondering how long i can store the sublimation ink before using ? ( shelf life )
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
could it work with battery support . energy is sometimes down in the nights , it would loose the data ?
can this be used as a copier only ?
is this an updated version of the jf870dw ?
what are the dimensions of one of these `` wallets '' ?
can i purchase this equipment on amazon versus from ooma without activation issues with ooma ?
how fast it is to be memorized after you hand write ?
does this work with hp envy 410a ?
are 2 or 1 swiper ... ?
what ink is required ?
what is its size ?
will this accept a driver 's license for scanning , or is this scanner strictly paper-only ?
i ordered this case and just got it in the mail . i have a samsung galaxy note 10.1 n8013 and i can not get it to connect to my tablet . what to do ?
if i get the wireless adapter , can i us a 2nd phone as an exstension ?
how many pages lc101 will print ?
how many pages does a new toner cartridge print ? how well do 3rd party refurbished toner cartridges work ?
this is not a fax machine as well , correct ? even though they 're calling it an all-in-one ?
what is the shipment dimensions for this product ?
this claims that chalk pen ink can be easily wiped off . is this true ?
can you use this with both a pc and mac-air ?
is it a printer ?
does brother ds-620 mobile color page scanner work with mac computer ?
is the zipper in a place that will scratch the hardwood floors
unable to get the software to to load and work . any help would be appreciated .
is this compatable with wf2660
will this fit my epson xp-310 ?
would like to know how do the bookstand holders move , do you have to slide them to turn pages or do you pull them forward ?
can you connect wirelessly ?
how long does the ink last ? if one cartridge goes out , will the other cartridge be allowed to take over or does it block you from printing ?
is the depth 18 inches ? meaning is the distance from the back of the wheel bar to the front of the wheel bar about 18 inches ?
i have a 64 bit pc ( windows 8.1 ) . will it work ?
how does the fax work
will this toner work on a dell b1163w printer and is it 1500 pg yield
can the lead and ink be replanced ?
how deep is it including the handles ?
whether sliding mechanism is on ball roller or simply sliding
how wide is this printer ? is it 18 '' wide or 23 '' wide ?
what is the largest photo print size for this printer ?
standard tear-off ?
is the ac adapter included ?
how do you get the brother printer to detect these cartridges ?
what toner does it take ?
r u selling everything that is in the photo ( the metal handle and 2 customized circular plates ) or just 2 plates ?
ink cartridge is not being detected in my brother machine . do i need to remove plastic on top of cartridge before inserting ?
does the 240xl and 241 xl needs to be reset when refilled ?
hey there ! do you know is there 's any distributor to my country ?
which is better ... hp deskjet 1512 or the hp deskjet 2540 ?
how do you oil the blades , can you use regular lubricating oil ?
can this mat be trimmed ?
i have this product , this morning when i went to search is says no data , what do i do . also the light no longer works ?
i finally figured out how to work these pens but does anyone know how to install the refills ? i ca n't figure out how to open them up .
is it compatible with mac copmputers
is it loud ?
is this cabinet for legal or letter size folders ?
can they be cut to laminate smaller items ?
1 ) i have a 24 '' and 2x22 '' screens . no problems in mounting ? 2 ) 24 '' screen has no screws holes . can i slide it on centre pole ? diameter of pole ? thnx !
my husband asked for the `` realspace '' big and tall chair sold by office max . i just want to make sure it 's the same chair . is this the high back version ( that 's the only thing in the name i can tell that 's different ) ? when i go to office max office depot 's website it 's still $ 299 so i will order it here `` by tul '' if it 's truly the same one . my husband asked for the `` realspace '' big and tall chair sold by office max . i just want to make ... » read more my husband asked for the `` realspace '' big and tall chair sold by office max . i just want to make sure it 's the same chair . is this the high back version ( that 's the only thing in the name i can tell that 's different ) ? when i go to office max office depot 's website it 's still $ 299 so i will order it here `` by tul '' if it 's truly the same one . « show less
can anyone explain how to assemble this ?
is this phone analog ?
is this compatible with other computers monitors besides mac ?
how large a tablet can the slot handle ?
what kind of material the top layer , is it cloth or what ?
does it scan b & w or color ?
is anyone using this scanner software with windows 8.1 ?
if it runs out of one color of ink will it still print or will it stop completely ?
will this work with galaxy tab 3 10.1 p5210 ?
will it hold the scotch tape rolls ?
is this able to be used as a standing table ?
does this system have a intercom ?
does 48 pages mean 48 sheets ? or 24 sheets ?
does it work easily with windows 8 ?
can you fit an 8.5x11 paper in it flat or do you have to fold it ?
will you send sell me the desk edge mounting bracket ( if you have loose ones ) so i can test mount .
disappointing that it cuts off top and bottom of negative , and you have to lose part of left and right . any workaround if you want the whole negative ?
will this work with the d40 ?
is this compatible with windows 8 8.1 32 or 64 bit ?
refurbished ? any warranty ?
it paired fine with my iphone 4s but i get no sound from it when in blue tooth mode . please advise .
how many copies can you make with this item ? 300 ? 750 ?
will these work for an xp 410 ?
do these come pre assembled ?
what is a poe splitter ?
how would i hang this on a wall that you can not put a hook in ?
anyone have an issue with the blade not hitting the bar flush ?
can you put the call on hold from any of the handsets ?
is this a 3 in 1 or a 4 in 1 printer
brother printer i have is not listed it 's an mfc-j4320dw wil this ink work ?
will these fit a brother® hl3170cdw wireless color laser printer
i just saw these at our upscale mall and they wanted more than this for one ! do these say swarovski on them ?
what is the width of the opening of this stand ?
uncaged ergonomics ' website indicates the chair has been improved with greater cushioning . is this updated version what i will get from amazon ?
can i print texts from a webpage with this ?
it is 120v - 60 hz but how many watts does it uses ?
question the chair does not lower far enough for my feet to reach the floor ! i am 5 '' 2 ' and so is my friend ! my regular office chair at work did . cath
can this phone field calls from different locations and transfer them back ? is voip the requirement for this feature ?
does the canon mx 532 have a paper tray that is inside ?
can you print in black ink only to save color cartridges ?
does it continue to print in black when colors are low or need to be replaced ?
does this work with cartridge ?
worked fine at the beginning but i now have a black streak down the middle . i 've down the auto cleaning but it 's still there . any sugestions ?
does this phone have standard modular connectors ( rj11 ) so that a longer coiled handset cord can be attached ?
can it print double sided ?
does this work on epson expression xp-211 ?
i ordered the popo printer but it came with korean instructions how can i get the instructions in english ?
how much does the cart weigh ?
how many bills does the hopper hold ?
what app can i ues on my fire phone to make this work ?
does this have a centered paper feed with two tabs or a single side of the tray feed with one adjusting tab ?
will this work for a baby store ?
how many rubberbands ( average ) are in the pack for the $ 11.98 ?
does anyone know ( 1 ) how long until the auto shut off feature kicks in and ( 2 ) is it possible to leave the scale on indefinitely ?
do you have to switch a setting when changing from scanning 35mm film negatives to slides ?
is it compatible with iphone 4s ?
r these compatable with wf 840 ?
are the 'teeth ' metal or plastic
can this be used with an android tablet ?
can you enter names for each handset so that when you want to intercom , you can choose ( for ex ) `` basement '' or `` garage '' as opposed to a number ?
does it work in europe . is it 120 only 240 as well ?
q : does it have talking caller id ? does it find whose calling without even picking up the phone ?
does this phone have a a headphone jack ?
can this be used with scented inks that do n't come in cartridges ?
does it come with a toner when purchased ?
can this handset be used with a bluetooth headset ?
does this printer need to be located near a computer ? does the computer on which the software is installed need to be on to print to this printer ?
first page out time ? my current hl-4150 takes painfully about 25-30 seconds . is the hll8350 better ?
does this printer have to be connected to the home internet ?
does this printer also scan documents ?
my desk is against a wall . is that an issue ? most pictures depict an open space environment ?
what 's in the box ? does it come with a cartridge ?
why is there a circle on all of my scans ?
will this continue to print black white when one of the color cartridges is empty ?
can you connect to this printer with a usb cable , and not use wireless ?
is it windows 8 compatible ?
does this printer do 2-sided scanning ?
is there straight-paper option for heavy stock ?
can this phone display the caller id on a television ?
