i do n't know the exact measurements but they are around the size of the palm of your hand . i hope that helps .
you will have to add a little tape on the back . this product is very weak by the way .
dry erase or wet erase markers
primary blue
i used three commando hooks . easily stuck to end of bookcase
each pocket would take one or a number of files to a total thickness or depth of approximately 1.5cm to 2 cm .
oh this wo n't do the entire year . you can fit maybe 40 pages in each ? its not really meant to do what you 're intending .
nylon
no , the times are left blank . even the analog clock is blank . you can write the digital time and the analog time on it with a dry-erase marker .
it includes the both pocket chart and schedule cards .
as shown , it is a rectangular pocket chart with schedule cards included ( where you can write in the time and clock 's hands with dry erase pen ) .
yes it comes with the pocket chart shown in the picture . the pocket chart is slightly wider than the cards and fits about 14 of the cards .
i have this ! i love it . it 's the whole pocket chart . it has pre-printed cards as well as some blanks . : )
this is a pocket chart ( long blue vinyl ) with many clear pockets that are open on top to slide the pictured time activity tabs . while many of the tabs are preprinted with activities , there are also several blank ones for you to customize . hope this helps !
no , the bottom is accordian pleated with no binding .
it does but i suspect that this is because it 's still quite new and the lid is still stiff . once i really break it in i think it will be able to stay open on its own . overall it 's a lovely piece and quite useful . i highly recommend it .
yes , it does . it 's very sturdy - sturdier than the box store version of this type of storage box .
the paper can not be replaced . it is smythe-sewn which means `` smyth sewingsmyth sewing is a method of book binding where groups of folded pages ( referred to as signatures ) are stitched together using binder thread . each folded signature is sewn together individually with multiple stiches and then joined with other signatures to create the complete book block .
exactly ! at least mine are lined ...
26 lines on a page . i do n't know the difference between wide rule and college rule , but i would not describe this spacing as wide rule .
thank you for your inquiry . this item has a week on each spread and does not have interior illustrations .
there are 4 days and dates on the left hand page side as you open the book to any given week , 3 days and dates on the right side page . each date has ruled lines to write on . on the right hand side after the third date there is a space for `` notes . `` . then flip the page and the layout repeats . let me know if that needs clarification . : )
hello , the planner has a traditional book binding . not spiral . an additional pocket can be found on the inside back cover , which holds a slide in old-fashioned phone book . hope this helps . : )
yes , there is an elastic strap ( secured to the back cover , wraps to the front ) , as well as a ribbon bookmark .
yes , but with different ease . in the front and back it opens almost completely flat . the closer you get to the middle , the more it bulges like most journals do . however , unlike most journals and sketchbooks , the bulging is n't very prominent because the spine is n't as tight , and the pages do n't resist being pressed flat ; the weight of your hand or the pressure of writing will be enough to hold it flat without distorting your pen stroke .
size is 5 '' x 8 ''
i 've used copics and prismacolor markers in this , the paper is thin and pen and marker will bleed through pretty badly . i would recommend buying a book or paper specifically for copics , or a multimedia sketchbook .
hard . its nice . like a moleskin notebook . i like it .
yes it is
240 pages
sorry i 'm not familiar w all the functions . i use it mainly to look up verses & passages as i prep . lesson to teach on sundaywhen you open it you see all the functions listed .i 've not tried them all .
no , but a nice unit !
approx.2.5 '' x3.5 '' ? hand held about like a smart phone ?
watch batteries
up to 4x4 i believe .
not sure how they are different but what i can tell you is they are soft , have clear vinyl pockets , which you can easily insert pictures or anything flat into and it has 6 sides . i use mine in my classroom all the time .
they are about 4 inches on each side
yes , i 've switched the cards throughout the year to make patterns and the pockets have worked with all my cards .
it 's 25 and a half width x 35 inches length . each number is 3.25 inches .
there are 37 holiday cards that cover the all national holidays and many religious ones ( ramadan , eid , passover , diwali , dwanzaa , etc . ) , first day of a season ( spring , winter , etc . ) , canada day , victoria day , cinco de mayo , groundhog day and list goes on . there are also 5 happy birthday cards and a happy 100th day which is very popular with the elementary school kids . we 've also turned a card over and used the back to make our own special cards ( vacation day , no school day , april fool 's day and such ) . we just use the calendar at home . my daughter loves playing `` school '' even if she is n't so thrilled getting up some mornings to go there . there are 37 holiday cards that cover the all national holidays and many religious ones ( ramadan , eid , passover , diwali , dwanzaa , etc . ) , first day of a season ( spring , winter , etc . ) , canada day , victoria day , cinco de mayo , groundhog day and list goes on . there are also 5 happy birthday cards and a happy 100th day which is very popular with the elementary school kids . we 've also turned a card over and used the back to make our own special cards ( vacation day , no school day , april fool 's day and such ) . we just use the calendar at home . my daughter loves playing `` school '' even if she ... » read more there are 37 holiday cards that cover the all national holidays and many religious ones ( ramadan , eid , passover , diwali , dwanzaa , etc . ) , first day of a season ( spring , winter , etc . ) , canada day , victoria day , cinco de mayo , groundhog day and list goes on . there are also 5 happy birthday cards and a happy 100th day which is very popular with the elementary school kids . we 've also turned a card over and used the back to make our own special cards ( vacation day , no school day , april fool 's day and such ) . we just use the calendar at home . my daughter loves playing `` school '' even if she is n't so thrilled getting up some mornings to go there . « show less
why not just make them or look on teacherspayteachers.com . there are some free sets on there and ones you can buy inexpensively and print yourself .
no . mine did n't come with weather cards .
no , it is not spiral bound . it 's a regular book binding .
yes . the planner is a weekly view . two pages to a week . there are 12 monthly grids at the beginning , followed by the weekly grids . the format alternates every other month . easy to write in .
thank you for your inquiry.this item , live simply 2014 planner , has a paperback cover.please let us know if there is anything further we can do to assist .
i just bought this calendar and mine does not . in fact , i 've never known this version to have magnets . it does have three holes at the top . i used to use two hooks from a shoe organizer to hang mine on over a magnetic wipe board in the kitchen . that way it created an information `` station . ''
stickers are not reusable . i only use pencil ( the reason i love this calendar ) so i can not answer erasable marker question . i would think not .
opened up the calendar is 15 '' wide by 22 '' long . with exception of approx 3.5 '' at top of each page the calendar is this large . the top of each page has space to write notes . i love this calendar and have been purchasing it for years .
about 5.25 inches
pretty nice . i did not keep the box . it is something that would be easy to wrap and would make a nice gift .
it must be china , it is so bad , dont buy it
you have to press the button code at the bottom and letter v at the same time ...
at the moment , i do not have the user 's guide . if i come across it i will indeed share it with you .
i do not consider the paper tape inserts as laminated . in my mind 's eye , laminate is heavy plastic .
primarily the shape . pt 65 is for the desktop with a typewriter style keyboard , pt 85 can be handheld much more easily .
no , batteries lasted many years . i 'm glad it came with the batteries installed , my wife was the one who unpacked it and she would have broken the calculator trying to put batts in . hahaha
you can buy in any drugs store
hit the orange f key and clx ( beside enter ) and xy button to the left to clear the calculator . next key in 100,000 chs ( change sign pv button ) this makes it a negative $ 100,000 - the amount borrowed . i assume interest is compounded monthly . next key 4.5 ( blue ) g button , then the i button ( g annualizes your payment ) . if the loan is compounded only once per year then you would not hit g. mortgages are compounded monthly . next hit 30 g ( blue button again to annualize it ) n ( for time amortized ) . last you hit the pmt key
yes is has basic info in printed form and comprehensive cd with easy to follow examples to lear functions and programming .
i just use it to calculate pv , fv , pmt , etc .
hp quietly upgraded the processor a few years ago , necessitating more power . the current hp12c models ( hp 12c , hp12c 30th aniversary , hp 12c platinum ) use 2 -cr2032 - 3 volt batteries . if the battery door is half as wide as the back of the calculator , it 's a later model using 2 batteries . models from a few years ago use 1 cr2032 , while the original uses 3 , 1.5 volt 357a ( lr44 ) `` button '' batteries .
according to hp , the platinum editition is 6x faster than the regular one . while this might be true , it is however not worth to pay 50 % more . the traditional one exceeds my expectations anyway . after all , at least for myself , an average user of this calculator would not notice the speed difference under normal circumstances . so , my suggestion would be , stick to the older one and save about $ 23 .
occasionally , when entering , the number will be duplicated . the key is n't sticking , but seems to register more numbers as the key is coming up after being released . i 've been able to make some keys register a string of the same number by slowly raising and pressing the key . i 've wondered if it 's dust , since it is n't every key , or one key only , or all the time . those with `` cn '' in the serial number do n't seem to have this problem . the 30th anniversary limited edition models are made at the cn plant , and have subtly but noticeably better quality , such as smoother edges at the seams , and even a tighter feel . i 've had no problems with this model . occasionally , when entering , the number will be duplicated . the key is n't sticking , but seems to register more numbers as the key is coming up after being released . i 've been able to make some keys register a string of the same number by slowly raising and pressing the key . i 've wondered if it 's dust , since it is n't every key , or one key only , or all the time . those with `` cn '' in the serial number do n't seem to have this problem . the 30th anniversary limited edition models are made at the cn plant , and have subtly but noticeably better quality , such as smoother edges at the seams , ... » read more occasionally , when entering , the number will be duplicated . the key is n't sticking , but seems to register more numbers as the key is coming up after being released . i 've been able to make some keys register a string of the same number by slowly raising and pressing the key . i 've wondered if it 's dust , since it is n't every key , or one key only , or all the time . those with `` cn '' in the serial number do n't seem to have this problem . the 30th anniversary limited edition models are made at the cn plant , and have subtly but noticeably better quality , such as smoother edges at the seams , and even a tighter feel . i 've had no problems with this model . « show less
i have no idea . first calculator i have ever owned with no instruction book . works fine for all standard calculations , but no hints on situations like yours .
i do not remember . i returned it because i could n't get it to work and it did not come with a manual . i tried to get a manual and it was not available .
no , you have to put the decimal in where it is needed . other than that , ours is still going strong . all texas instrument equipment is great and reliable .
width is 4 7 8 length is 5 1 2 good size well balanced .
solar-powered with an internal battery . i 've never had to change it .
i imagine there 's a watch type battery in it that you can replace . but there 's a solar battery in it and i 've been using these for years and have never had to replace try battery yet .
the calculator uses both lines typically the top holds aforementioned as the second line considers changes within the mathematical expression . regarding correlation analyses or even regression , the use of one or two variables for a standard error of estimate i was unable to locate any restrictions within the display . with my limited experience with the calculator , i never ran into an issue based upon display limitations .
yes it is !
yes it does logs .
yes , it has fraction key . it does step by step fraction simplification and fraction decimal conversion.i bought these as gifts for high school and college .
yes . it attaches to the back when you do n't have the cover on .
not sure what you 're asking
it doesnt have a smell . lol who sniffs calculators ?
yes it can . for a quick look at some of the things it can do in the way of trig check out this page : http : www.prenhall.com divisions esm app graphing ti86 home_screen function_keys trig_keys trig.htmlalso , the full manual for the ti-86 may be found here for more detail : http : www.math.oregonstate.edu home programs undergrad ti_manuals ti86guidebook.pdf
yes , christina there is a manual . you can order it from texas instruments . however , often you can put your specific question through google and get a direct answer . i did for my daughter 's ti86 and it was very helpful .
i have had my ti-86 for about fifteen years now . before that , it was in use for students in a college for some time . the buttons show absolutely no wear and are nice and crisp . have really held up extremely well ! ah just reread . the screen is also flawless ! everything is clearly readable and just like the day i received it .
is you have n't already , hit 2nd and then press the up key and repeat the process until you are able to read the screen . if this does n't work , try replacing the batteries and use the previous method until you can read your screen .
mine did n't ... it arrived without even batteries ... had to buy them myself and then when i went to put them in , the calculator did n't even frigging work ... what a waste ... i suggest going elsewhere .
the cord is only necessary if you want to connect it to your computer to input formulas like spreadsheets . the calculator itself utilizes batteries and is good on its own for calculations .
as far as i 'm aware , none of the ti calculators come with wall chargers . they are powered by 4 aaa batteries . if you purchase a used calculator , be sure to read the description so you know what is included with the calculator .
they are approximately 80-100 lb . weight . they are as heavy as some card stock but not as heavy as all of the store-bought cards . card stocks are all over the map in weight , plus two of the same weight may not be the same thickness . if they are too heavy they wo n't go through my hp officejet pro 8600. i 've tried a few brands ( staples house , ampad , office depot house ) . avery is the only one that feeds reliably through my printer ( i use 4 different kinds of avery cards ) , even though it is n't the heaviest weight . card recipients do n't care ; they love getting personalized cards .
no it is not . both sides are the same , which could be better because you do n't have to worry you are printing on the wrong side .
if i was you i would call avery at 1-800-462-8379. i did not see anything on the package about laser printer . they should be able to tell you before you buy avery .
suze , sorry but it does n't say on the box . you might check the avery.com site for a specific weight . i find the cards to be a nice not-too-heavy but not-too-light card stock . i order the matte finish . the envelopes are nice as well .
8½ '' x 5½ '' working area but check your printer for your margin settings . my printer margins are set to 1 2 `` on all edges which leaves me a 7½ x 5 printable area.. also , check to see if your printing software program has a `` print preview '' feature that allows you to check how your project will look without having to print it out . this gives you the opportunity to crop and resize an image before possibly wasting ink and the card stock with a bad print out . also remember that you have no margin issues along the fold edge , outside or on the insde , as this runs thru the printer like a single sheet of paper so you can print right up to the fold line . 8½ '' x 5½ '' working area but check your printer for your margin settings . my printer margins are set to 1 2 `` on all edges which leaves me a 7½ x 5 printable area.. also , check to see if your printing software program has a `` print preview '' feature that allows you to check how your project will look without having to print it out . this gives you the opportunity to crop and resize an image before possibly wasting ink and the card stock with a bad print out . also remember that you have no margin issues along the fold edge , outside or on the insde , as this runs thru the ... » read more 8½ '' x 5½ '' working area but check your printer for your margin settings . my printer margins are set to 1 2 `` on all edges which leaves me a 7½ x 5 printable area.. also , check to see if your printing software program has a `` print preview '' feature that allows you to check how your project will look without having to print it out . this gives you the opportunity to crop and resize an image before possibly wasting ink and the card stock with a bad print out . also remember that you have no margin issues along the fold edge , outside or on the insde , as this runs thru the printer like a single sheet of paper so you can print right up to the fold line . « show less
yes , as i recall it was made and packaged by canon . it works just fine after being used for several months .
difficult to remember as i replace it every 3 years ... ..i would guess at our 150 copies .. maybe more
i only buy one kind of toner , and i use it on the canon pc 170
the texas instrument ti 30x second calculator is a two-line scientific calculator for maths courses . the ba 2 plus financial calculator is a specific finance calculator for finance college courses . also , this calculator can help to perform common maths.hopefully this helps you .
the ba plus pro is much faster , more accurate , and cheaper than the hp 12c . it is also much more user-friendly as hp 12 c uses reverse polish notation and the ba plus pro uses algebraic notation . you simply can not go wrong with the ba plus pro . if you do n't need a calculator as advanced and you just need basic finance such as tvm , etc , the ba plus is a better choice .
yes . you can input data to do that . just fine . i loved this and got high grade in my mba degree . you can do well too ! : )
1st and 4th images are the same and what you get . the other pictures are older models .
yes . it has a very good manual .
i have only used this fax machine on occasion since i do n't have a business . i recently had 18 pages to fax over to a company , but put 10 pages in at a time facing the documents with the text side down , and it worked lie a charm . when i was on the 18th page , i laid the remainer of the pages where the pages go , and it worked fine . i did n't have to make a 2nd call .
correct . try the brother thermal 'plus ' rolled paper . looks and feels a little better .
no , this is a 1980s type stand alone fax with thermal paper , and not an all in one printer .
we run it on our phone line .
yes it can be set to fax only . it has 3 settings available : phone with manual faxreceipt , fax only , and phone and fax which is the best setting . and answer machine
yes
i have it plugged into a regular outlet . sorry i can not be of more help . it 's a great little machine for home use .
no . those cartridges , though advertised as new , are out-of-carton and out-of-date cartridges . the one i bought never worked from the get-go . due to their age , the ink is these cartridges is often dry . for a better deal , go to hp.com and use an hp coupon code , and with free shippiing and one-day delivery , this is a much better deal . however , i give the amazon seller credit for providing me a full refund very quickly without requiring return of the cartridge .
i searched the packaging and found an `` install before date , '' however , the date was blacked out with a black marker .
if you are asking is there is an expiration date for this ink - none that i know of . if you are asking about finding this hp number - it is very hard . i use amazon to get the ink in question and purchase extra . if you are having problems with a hp 23 ink cartridge not working - use a cotton swab dipped in alcohol and litely wipe the base of the cartridge . this will clean any dried ink that may be clogging the nozzle . if these comments do n't answer your question , please let me know more specific 's of your concern .
that is a tough one . i have used hp23 for 11 years in my deskjet 812c - their first with usb . when i run out of a color on a cartridge i try to use creative ways to maximize what is left . i always buy another hp23 when i replace them and here is the tough one . some have expiration dates and some do n't . amazon has sold me both . and i have had dried up useless cartridges that are nowhere near their expiration date . so buy one and hope for the best . i wish i could offer better advice . if my local office-max has these in stock they are always good . and for a long time . but you pay for that assurance with your dollars . and they are getting harder and harder to find in office-max . i once drove 20 miles because they had one in stock . but they are so expensive . well you pay for what you get i guess . that is a tough one . i have used hp23 for 11 years in my deskjet 812c - their first with usb . when i run out of a color on a cartridge i try to use creative ways to maximize what is left . i always buy another hp23 when i replace them and here is the tough one . some have expiration dates and some do n't . amazon has sold me both . and i have had dried up useless cartridges that are nowhere near their expiration date . so buy one and hope for the best . i wish i could offer better advice . if my local office-max has these in stock they are always good . and for a long time . but you pay for that ... » read more that is a tough one . i have used hp23 for 11 years in my deskjet 812c - their first with usb . when i run out of a color on a cartridge i try to use creative ways to maximize what is left . i always buy another hp23 when i replace them and here is the tough one . some have expiration dates and some do n't . amazon has sold me both . and i have had dried up useless cartridges that are nowhere near their expiration date . so buy one and hope for the best . i wish i could offer better advice . if my local office-max has these in stock they are always good . and for a long time . but you pay for that assurance with your dollars . and they are getting harder and harder to find in office-max . i once drove 20 miles because they had one in stock . but they are so expensive . well you pay for what you get i guess . « show less
i do n't have the slightest idea..i use mind rather quickly ... sorry
i have always bought the original hp 15 printer cartridge and had good luck with it . when the printer cartridge runs low , i usually take it into costco or some other `` reputable '' hp printer dealership , and have them refill it at for me . costco has always refilled it for me without a problem and on top of that , i 've saved some money , as well . the best advice here is to be sure you 're dealing with a reputable dealer ! good luck - - and thanks for your question !
yes it does . if it 's a legitimate cartridge . i got a dud , meaning more than half used already , so i have to shake the cartridge up from time to time before doing a printout ... ..still trying to get my money back from the seller .
yes , it can replace their origial one .
2009
yes it is .
i use it for a calendar every year . it has proven to be excellent for this . the matte finish does not show finger prints and has excellent photo viewing quality . i used the 9 mil because it is thick enough to hold up under any strain that a calendar may suffer , pages will not be easily torn . i do use it to print on both sides with no problem.so it depends on your use and expectations . for my use it is excellent . i use it for my great grand children . the star rating is an excellent way to grade the paper , i use the 4 star .
no , but this one is double sided `` http : www.amazon.com epson-premium-presentation-double-sided-s041568 dp b00006b7py ref=pd_sbs_op_2 ''
weird how they do n't put it on the package but i looked it up on google and found the same product with the same picture at office depot where it says it is a heavy weight 27 lb . paper . typically as you probably know , the average inkjet paper is between 20 lb . and 24 lb .
i use this with an hp printer and it works great . i have n't used it for business cards , but i do n't see why you could n't . seems like it would be easier to use pre-scored paper for that , but if you have a paper cutter this would probably work fine .
works well on anything photo , card , document , you wish to [ protect , and it `` sticks '' very well together .
yes i used it for that purpose
longer it sits attached and `` glued '' the longer it will have to form a permanent bond to the pouches . i do not plan to take my cards out for that reason of possibly ripping off the face of the card . i would use for permanent situations .
yes this calculator is pretty useful for everything except graphing .
yes . you can turn off it using ac button after shift button .
this calculator has a dual power source : a photovoltaic cell used when there is sufficient light , and a battery for use when the light level is low . the battery is a lr44 ( or equivalent ) button cell . you have to remove the back of the case ( seven philips-head screws ) to get to the battery . the recommended replacement interval is every three years . this information is on pages 14 and 16 of the `` user 's guide 2 ( additional functions ) '' manual that comes with the calculator . by the way , i have had mine since july 2005 and i still use it regularly .
i ordered this product and received it broken . i suggest you not buy this it 's a piece of junk .
yes . if you enter a wrong number , press the red c button , ( 2nd from the bottom in the left column ) . that will clear the last number entered and allow you to enter a different number . -- dave
always have an extra ribbon on hand , leave it in the package til you need it and check the expire date .
since i am retired i have never used it for an employment form but i have used it on others like the 1040 's ( our favorite ) some medical forms and some travel forms . i am sure it would be easy to use on the employment forms just line everything up and go from there .
you ca n't suppress sound on a typewriter
machine : 90 days from original purchase date with 1 year from original date for parts.accompanying accessory items : 90 days from the original purchase date .
are you referring to the striker when you press a key ? if so , the most common cause is a jam . remove both the main ribbon and the correction ribbon , straighten or replace , and see if that helps .
yes it is but you have to look closely .
as i remember ( it 's been a year since i purchased it ) everything was included . i 've had nothing but praise for the typewriter ever since !
yes , with the exception of the type removal correction . i avoid using the correction key as the correction ribbon needs to be adjusted after a correction . this in turn means removing the black ribbon , and re-positioning it . by the time you are finished whatever you were typing is no longer acceptable .
hi , there is a travel outfitting company called 'magellan 's which sells the kind of plug adapter you are looking for . good luck .
the type wheel is the english alphabet letters , so any language that uses the same alphabet can be typed . there is no key which includes the umlaut sign .
you can choose 3 different pitches , 10 , 12 , and 15 .
i would n't trust it due to the humidity that occurs in a bathroom . you 're better off with a traditional mirror hanger in this situation .
doubtful
i imagine the texture will reduce its effectiveness some . also depends on how textured the wall . the small orange peel would not be too bad , stucco would be almost useless .
yes it will . it is good stuff . most important is surface preparation . like it says on the package : surface must be clean , dry and smooth .
yes
it should
it 's holding several framed 8x10s with no trouble . i also have it holding planter plates to the bottom of planters to keep water from spilling over . tried lifting largest frame for you but it does n't want to come off the wall so easily . i would estimate it to be between 3 and 4 pounds . hope this is of some help to you .
yes , it 's possible .
i think it is unsafe for that purpuse .
i used this in cleans walls and is perfect but i do n't know if works with wallpaper ... you can try in a little space first but actually it is very strong .
i agree with galabb about using a little heat especially still this is paneling . everything else may leave a residue on that spot . i 'd tell you to use a putty knife or razor blade , but not on paneling unless you can match the stain you 'll be taking off . for the next go around , try using 3m scotch command tape . it 's removable and comes with a hook .
i think the word ( s ) might be more 'water resistant ' . once stuck , it holds even if it gets wet . if the area you 're applying it to is always wet , then no .
i think so , i used it to put down some plastic floor coverings and it has held up . it seems to stick well .
yes , it is tough enough to need a scissors to cut it into pieces .
probably not . not enough gripping surface on fabric . would n't put any weight on it for very long .
my house has a sheetrock textured wall and the tape works very well on it . infact , i needed it for only one hook and i havent used the tape again since then . it attaches so well !
i believe you can remove the tape without doing any damage to the paint if you have a good quality paint and if the wall was properly cleaned before the paint was applied . still , i 'd use a hair dryer or heat gun ( carefully ) to remove the tape .
what kind of mirror ? if used on just a flat glass mirror with no frame , it could be a hazard when removed . it would be likely that the mirror would break before an attached spot would pull free . a broken glass mirror is an extreme cut hazard . in such case , regular mirror clips of plastic that attach by screws would be safer . however , if this is the best attachment method , then clean both surfaces with regular rubbing alcohol for good ahesion and figure that a one inch section of this tape will hold about 2.5 pounds and follow the instructions on the package for attachment . at least three points of attachment should be made . be sure that both surfaces for attachment are free of wax , loose paint , oil , and dirt . it works ! what kind of mirror ? if used on just a flat glass mirror with no frame , it could be a hazard when removed . it would be likely that the mirror would break before an attached spot would pull free . a broken glass mirror is an extreme cut hazard . in such case , regular mirror clips of plastic that attach by screws would be safer . however , if this is the best attachment method , then clean both surfaces with regular rubbing alcohol for good ahesion and figure that a one inch section of this tape will hold about 2.5 pounds and follow the instructions on the package for attachment . at least three ... » read more what kind of mirror ? if used on just a flat glass mirror with no frame , it could be a hazard when removed . it would be likely that the mirror would break before an attached spot would pull free . a broken glass mirror is an extreme cut hazard . in such case , regular mirror clips of plastic that attach by screws would be safer . however , if this is the best attachment method , then clean both surfaces with regular rubbing alcohol for good ahesion and figure that a one inch section of this tape will hold about 2.5 pounds and follow the instructions on the package for attachment . at least three points of attachment should be made . be sure that both surfaces for attachment are free of wax , loose paint , oil , and dirt . it works ! « show less
i would say yes if you used enough .
well , i used my sharp fingernails but i think a carpet cutter , used at a slight angle , should do the trick . it 's easier to tape one side to a solid surface and then removing the second side . trying to do both sides while just holding the tape , causes the tape to stick to its self . good luck , it works great !
yes , both sides are adhesive , and both sides are 'covered ' , so that you have to unpeel the cover to reveal the adhesive side .
make sure the surfaces of the caddy and the wall are free of oils ( soap shampoo etc ) . the tape is suitable for a moisture environment . if your surfaces are clean then this product will definitely do the job . i suggest letting the tape form a permanent bond for 24 hours before putting weight into the caddy .
i could n't guarantee it , but this stuff is strong and sticky . we used it to hang clocks on the wall , and heavy metal plates with the different time zones , one below each clock . it 's all stayed in place for a year so far , and it 's on a slightly textured wall .
it is about 1 16 '' . it is not paper thin . this tape is very strong and works very well .
tape is 1 inch wide x 60 inches long . it is approximately one-thirty-second-of-an-inch thick , measured with a steel tape measure . when installed , tape is about as thick as 2 bicycle playing cards .
i would say yes . i used it to attach led fog lights to the bottom of my front bumper . 3 months and holding strong !
each slot will hold 7 pages easily . it gets a little tight with more , but also a bit more stable . i just stuck 9 pagers into one slot , and it could still hold a few more .
each slot can hold 10 sheets of 24lb paper
i have mine right in front of me . the length of this is 3.5 '' and the height ( of the highest part ) is 2.5 . '' this is my favorite paper holder , by far . ( i 've ordered it several times - people keep taking mine at work ! )
yes it does .
i do n't think so ... i used a regular ink jet and they came out fine . i did n't touch them right away ( 5-10 minutes ) to be safe . i also did some on a laser jet , those were ready to use just about instantly and did n't smudge at all . i had great luck and no smudging with these lables .
avery clear product labels are great but round and only for laser printer - i need clear for an inkjet printer
i believe the template was from a website , so it should be compatible because you will use the avery template rather than apple pages .
yes
the ones i used ( on envelopes ) turned out to be translucent -- not clear , so you could see the filmy background . did n't look as good as i would have liked . you might try one on a glass ... if you will have things in the glass , it might work well ...
absolutely ! i used mine on glass mason jars !
yes
yes , i used them today with a hp laserjet
no , these labels will not work in the seiko smart label printers .
yes , all dymo labelwriter labels are compatible with the dymo labelwriter 450 series .
matte .
yes , they are very adhesive .
use strathmore stamping cards to mount my pictures since i like the paper wt and quality.tried avery for slightly larger size . liked quality & weight of paper . each sheet gives you 2 cards.crisp clean lines and set folds makes for easy use . card stock quality . good luck . marie : )
each page has two folding cards . one prints them as two cards on the unseparated page , then they break easily into two folding cards . if you can zoom in on the top of the box , lower part of the yellow area , you will see a diagram with one solid line and one dotted line . the number `` 2 '' is written on this , saying you get two cards per sheet . the solid line indicates the split between the two , and when you separate them you fold on the dotted line of each one and that gives you two folding cards per page . handle them gently , they split easily . you will want to print the whole page then split them after printing . each page has two folding cards . one prints them as two cards on the unseparated page , then they break easily into two folding cards . if you can zoom in on the top of the box , lower part of the yellow area , you will see a diagram with one solid line and one dotted line . the number `` 2 '' is written on this , saying you get two cards per sheet . the solid line indicates the split between the two , and when you separate them you fold on the dotted line of each one and that gives you two folding cards per page . handle them gently , they split easily . you will want to print the whole page ... » read more each page has two folding cards . one prints them as two cards on the unseparated page , then they break easily into two folding cards . if you can zoom in on the top of the box , lower part of the yellow area , you will see a diagram with one solid line and one dotted line . the number `` 2 '' is written on this , saying you get two cards per sheet . the solid line indicates the split between the two , and when you separate them you fold on the dotted line of each one and that gives you two folding cards per page . handle them gently , they split easily . you will want to print the whole page then split them after printing . « show less
yes , they are ideal for that . i used an avery template to make the cards i wanted which included images and words on the outside .
i 'm not sure , but i think it is more a question of your printer 's capabilities than of the note cards .
these are beautiful cards , just the right stiffness , and matte finish so they take printer ink very well . also good price - i compared office supply stores , craft stores , etc . i made up sets with different photos ( my own ) on each and even put the titles and my contact info on the back . made great gifts ! avery.com has lots of templates that you can customize , and they 'll store the template and finished artwork or let you keep it all on your computer for easy reprinting . very easy to use . good luck and have fun !
sorry , i have no idea . i have used this product with two different hp ink jet printers and have n't had a problem . you might call avery at 1-800-462-8379 for the answer to your question . or contact hp .
no , they 're just like heavy paper that you can write or draw on .
i tested one . if you do n't fold it solidly , maybe ... a well folded one will slide open occasionally . depending on the table , they are rather big .
no
sorry michael . do n't know . strictly use it for labels , but absolutely love it.jeff
hmm , sorry harlan , i can not answer that for you .
the labels i purchased are original .
the labels are easily removable within a short time and also dependent upon the material they are affixed . over time , for example , more than a few days , and again depending upon temperature and material affixed to , i 've seen the label range from easy to difficult to remove . for items we sell that are in new , like new , collectible or delicate , the label is affixed to a exterior cover , such as a comic , magazine , book bag or box . that approach would be done with most labels - protect the product , especially if it is gift quality or a collectible .
if these are the ones i had bought for mine , they are working just fine ... there should be a list of compatible printers in the description . good luck ! bill johnson jffalaska.com
yes
actually it 's your choice . you can design any format you like , or use the preformatted designs . i had the twin turbo model for a couple of years with great results .
folds without breaking -it is scored so it is easy to fold - it is not perforated with holes so it would tear . i use these for all the cards i print .
yes they are !
i am sorry , i do n't understand the question . the page is marked exactly in the middle to facilitate a clean , neat fold for a professional appearance .
yes
the package indicates `` heavyweight '' . it 's perfect for greeting cards .
hello , you may print photos on these greeting cards.thanks
i 'm not for sure if it is acid free or not ... but i have been using this paper for fine art prints for years ... nothing has faded so far . great paper with excellent results on a epson printer !
i use an epson pro stylus 7900 for art prints.this is an ink jet wide format printer . it is a coated paper so the ink does n't smear and may be suitable for the laser printer . you should contact epson .
sorry , i have no knowledge of this hp printer . it probably will if it has a setting for a watercolor paper . if the printer has no such setting , you could try hp support or pick up a sheet of cold press wc paper at an art store . hth
epson says to print on the smoother , less-textured side . be forewarned : i have failed miserably to get good clean color from either my canon pro-100 or my hp z3200 printers on this paper . the same file that looks like *** on the epson watercolor paper looks wonderful on red river linen ... i doubt that i will continue to use it .
gsm=190
you can do it with 26 '' width space , the `` l '' shape brackets ( to hold the slide rail ) that are to be screwed to the bottom of your desk top have to be facing inward versus outward ( require 29 '' if facing outward )
its a little over 12 '' , you will need 13 '' clearance
no . but its something i am fine with . sometimes i scoot my chair on wheels , too far forward , and the drawer closes a little ; have to pull back out . my problem was leaning to hard on the drawer over the years , broke the plastic screw slots off , where it became annoyingly loose .
yes . it has adjustments for height . you may or may not also need to adjust your desk chair .
yes the tracks are included with the kit .
the tray is all black . the picture is misleading because it shows a white tray with a black wrist rest and mouse pad . the white tray pictured must be an option that was available in the past . when i ordered mine , the only color available was black . in regards to the comment about hardware in an earlier color question reply , i received all the proper hardware and was able to install the shelf without any problem . the written assembly instructions were correct although there was a mistake in the pictures that showed the wrong size screw to use on one step . read the reviews to find the details of this problem . the tray is all black . the picture is misleading because it shows a white tray with a black wrist rest and mouse pad . the white tray pictured must be an option that was available in the past . when i ordered mine , the only color available was black . in regards to the comment about hardware in an earlier color question reply , i received all the proper hardware and was able to install the shelf without any problem . the written assembly instructions were correct although there was a mistake in the pictures that showed the wrong size screw to use on one step . read the reviews to find the details ... » read more the tray is all black . the picture is misleading because it shows a white tray with a black wrist rest and mouse pad . the white tray pictured must be an option that was available in the past . when i ordered mine , the only color available was black . in regards to the comment about hardware in an earlier color question reply , i received all the proper hardware and was able to install the shelf without any problem . the written assembly instructions were correct although there was a mistake in the pictures that showed the wrong size screw to use on one step . read the reviews to find the details of this problem . « show less
it mounts underneath . the wrist rest is a removable pad .
i took it out of the package just to make sure all the pieces are correct . the photos that match the product are a bit confusing . the super shelf is actually a light grey and the soft gel pads as they are referred to , are black . thanks for asking the question to clarify . i can try to take a photo but the packaging keeps the pics from showing much .
no
soft cushion covered in nylon
120v
uses a parallel cable .
for sure it does print some graphics . the windows test page has some graphics . however , the 9 pin print head means that the result will be grainy because the resolution is just not there . i have used the 320 printer with windows true type print and even there the print quality suffers in comparison with the normal print quality .
the okidata microline 320 turbo can work with any system that has a usb or parallel port connection . the key is the operating system you are using . you can pull the driver from their site : http : my.okidata.com pp-ml320turbo.nsf ? opendatabase ... once you have the correct driver installed , it should be a simple install process to start using it . i have used this model with win xp , win 7 ( x32 and x64 ) and win server 2003 , server 2008 .
yes but it is capable to work with 220 as well
as far as i know yes . we connected it to a new computer system ( win7 ) and it works okay . it does have a usb connection .
yes it does . the newer models no longet have lpt port
no , only usb and parallel port . model : microline 320 turbo - 9 pin
book - you can connect a longer phone cord if you please . thanks !
yes , it can , but only if qualified as to whether the old phone just had wires connected to phone company wires , but no `` jack '' to plug into . at 36 years age , i doubt there is a `` jack '' connection . you 'll likely have to install a plug-in connector or have a qualified electrician do the conversion .
nope , it 's included
if you mean for the phone itself ? no . land line service does n't automatically come with it though , but it does n't have to be at & t . ; the phone line you will have to pay for .
yes . settings are off , lo and hi . switch is on the handset .
yes , it will work when there is no power . this is the sole reason why i purchased this phone as my previous one was on its way out .
this phone will receive and make calls over a standard rj11 jack . it does not handle fiber .
the cord is only 7 ft. you can order a 25ft cord rca 25 feet handset coil cord , white ( tp282w ) for $ 5.40 on amazon to make it longer . i hope this response helped . have a great day .
greg - just a telephone jack ; no electricity necessary .
yes ! and the phone is solid and very clear ! love it
no , it is much lighter . it is a cool looking phone , but the ringer in mine stopped working in just a few months .
yes , normal in length
it does . the handset is completely detachable . the cord to the wall is also detachable as i 've replaced mine with a 12 foot cord . it 's been a pretty good phone , however be aware while it looks like the old phones it 's no where near the same heavy construction .
yes it is the same color as the photo .
yex , i have phone service from comcast along with tv and internet . it works fine . really a nice phone . the ringer is in the receiver .
i do n't know exactly . i purchased franklin lm6000b speaking language master from amazon four years ago . it 's an excellent piece . it 's indeed a speaking dictionary . it pronounces words , not sentences . it can pronounce a sentences but in words and not as coherent as a spoken sentence . good piece indeed . my children also used it comfortably .
does not operate on 9vdc . unit comes with 4ea aa alkaline batteries to operate the unit on 6vdc .
no spanish ... .speaking dictionary , thesaurus and grammar guide .
it would say the words of a sentence in a sequence , but would not follow any punctuation and intonation . in other words , the answer to your question is - no .
no , it does n't translate any other language . it only helps you to pronounce the english words .
it matches the word to a list of words that has the same letter sounds as typed in . my students have used it for one to two syllable words . i 'm not sure how it would work with longer words .
it looks all original to me . no reason to doubt that it is as advertised .
yes , it is lexmark . they have excellent customer service .
the one i received was an original , not a refilled one .
some brand new ones come with a charger , but most run on standard or rechargeable batteries . however , some brand new ones and some used ones come with an adaptor cord that is extremely helpful and necessary for some instructors to download their specific special functions . example : taking a statistics class with an instructor that uses specific programs functions that require students to be in sink to work through specific problems , etc . etc . ti-83 covers all college university programs functions capabilities , either built in or easily downloadable .
the manual was not with the one i ordered
mine did not come with batteries . it takes 4 aaas .
you can definitely get by without it . you 'll only need the cable in case you would like to add extra programs from the computer . as long as you are in high school , and mostly college , too , any extra programs would be non-essential ( such as games ) .
no , only comes with serial cord , works only with older laptops , ie . windows 98 and such . dos based only , not nt based systems .
yes it can print small as a 3x3 long as you have it set on your settings levin center so it prints out correctly
i do not think that this printer has the limitation that it only works with a windows xp lowest settings
i did n't try this printer with android , but i returned it to the vendor because it would n't work with windows 7. i believe that it works only with windows xp and earlier windows os .
this printer works only with windows xp . i could n't use it with windows 7 , so i returned it for a refund .
hi kenny , i do n't think the product would work with window 98. i am sorry to tell you that item is like a toy , very tinny and does not hold the normal paper size . i was so disappointed when i received it , so i call the seller to turn it . the company which was selling this item was not even prepared to refund the shipping fees that i incurred in buying the item as the item was sent to me without the cord that connects from the laptop to the printer , so i could not use it . they never refunded the shipping fees when i returned it because it was without some parts which is the connection cord . i just let go and decided to leave it alone . i do n't recommend that you buy that product , as it is not a good product to buy . it 's a waste of money to buy it . find a better small flat normal printer to buy instead . it will be worth the money you spent on it even if it is slightly more expensive . check hp printer model for a small type which is less costly.i hope this can help you to make a better decision . good luck ! esther hi kenny , i do n't think the product would work with window 98. i am sorry to tell you that item is like a toy , very tinny and does not hold the normal paper size . i was so disappointed when i received it , so i call the seller to turn it . the company which was selling this item was not even prepared to refund the shipping fees that i incurred in buying the item as the item was sent to me without the cord that connects from the laptop to the printer , so i could not use it . they never refunded the shipping fees when i returned it because it was without some parts which is the connection ... » read more hi kenny , i do n't think the product would work with window 98. i am sorry to tell you that item is like a toy , very tinny and does not hold the normal paper size . i was so disappointed when i received it , so i call the seller to turn it . the company which was selling this item was not even prepared to refund the shipping fees that i incurred in buying the item as the item was sent to me without the cord that connects from the laptop to the printer , so i could not use it . they never refunded the shipping fees when i returned it because it was without some parts which is the connection cord . i just let go and decided to leave it alone . i do n't recommend that you buy that product , as it is not a good product to buy . it 's a waste of money to buy it . find a better small flat normal printer to buy instead . it will be worth the money you spent on it even if it is slightly more expensive . check hp printer model for a small type which is less costly.i hope this can help you to make a better decision . good luck ! esther « show less
good news , this now works with windows 7. see here the procedure involves downloading installing windows xp mode & windows virtual pc from ms site : http : www.microsoft.com windows virtual-pc download.aspxand following the on-screen instructions on installing the win xp device in win 7 environment , and the sipix owner 's manual .
of course not ! it is an ancient device that will frustrate you and let you wondering why amazon sells this kind of trash products . it only works with older windows version . you´ll have to get adapter for an old fashion port . then you must buy paper for it and you don´t know if there will be any in the market tomorrow .
you have to order special tiny rolls and the hard part is finding an adapter to plug it in to your laptop or computer . printer is only 6 '' wide at most and rolls are cheap to purchase .
the date-stamp on these inkjet cartridges is a warranty expiration date . there is no product expiration date on the package
i am sorry , but i do not remember .
the date on the package is the warranty expiration date . it does not mean that the cartridge is no good after the date .
made in indonesia
about 10 '' x 13 ''
it does have two tiny keyhole slots on the back that you could temporarily hang it from but i would n't consider that `` mounted '' . the fact that you have to slide the bar back and forth two to three time so get a truly clean slate , and that that motion is somewhat rigid , i imagine the doodler would lift right off or at least be very difficult to use effectively .
only if your finger has magnetic properties
the only epson paper i purchases is a gp spectrum , multi-use ... i am very happy with it and will re-order when needed ... 145 whiteness 92 brightness ... weight 20-75 ( g m2 )
we use it for regular printing on our epson ink jet printer . it looks much better for text then copy paper or many other paper . webpages with photos or graphics look good on it too . i use photo paper for pictures .
i used the paper on a laser printer but i do n't use it for photos .
connie ... ... .4 by 3.5 inchesthis is areal gemyou wo n't be sorryhans lans
comes with batteries and ive never had to replace it . sorry i ca n't help more
no , i wish mine retained memory after powering down . sounds like you got a happy accident , memories are so fleeting ... ..
it 's in the little book of directions that comes with the phone.1 . pick up the handset from the phone base2 . press and release the `` program '' button on the base unit '' 3. press in the number in you want to save3 . press the speed dial button you want to program - hang uprinse repeat for the other 10 speed dial buttons
cream colored
it 's powered through the phone line . no need for ac power .
no . just a regular handset phone with amplified sound .
when i ordered mine , i received one package 1 ream of 500 sheets of paper . it is good quality paper too . it says 20 lbs , so i would think a case of paper weighs alot more than 20 lbs .
yes and no . it is the only paper i use for everyday use . it has colorlok , which makes it usable for photos , but it is not photo paper . though i do use it for photos and they are usable prints , for general use . example , pic of a neighbors yard , to show to your association board and not waste , premium photo paper.you are not going to have a high gloss photo , as you would with hp premium photo paper , high gloss .
this is just regular inkjet copier printer paper . of medium quality i might add.it will do the job for regular printing and if you have special needs or uses , you should look for specific paper for your end use.this is just run of the mill inkjet printer paper .
the paper is size 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' and a4 printer paper is 8.27 '' x 11.69 '' , so that answer would be no .
yes , it is an excellent all purpose paper , the only paper i ever use
ruth : the ribbon is a brother cartridge with a reorder number of 1230 , color : black . for use with all brother ax , gx , ml , sx , wpt , zx series and models . if you need the lift-off correction tapes , they are brother reorder number 3010 .
never had a problem with this - i think you have to turn it on explicitly for it to work .
hi naomi , it has to have some because it can delete a whole line . afaik , there is no other memory feature -- you ca n't save boiler plate stuff and then insert it later .
check your display bar ... far right arrow should point 'up ' . this can be done by holding down the 'alt ' key and tap the 'operate relocate ' until the arrow in the display bar points 'up ' . most important is to keep the 'alt ' key held down while tapping the 'operate relocate ' key .
included in the package is the typewriter , instruction book and a ribbon and correction tape already installed .
the typewriter allows you to choose either a 10 , 12 , or 15 pitch . moreover , you can change the pitch at any time . you simply press the alt button simultaneously with the 1 key ; there is a symbol in the display that indicates which piutch you have chosen ( the symbols are displayed in the instruction manual .
i really do n't recall ( it was a couple of yrs ago ) , but do remember i was disappointed in the colors bleeding ( thus 'weatherproof ' must be taken with a grain of salt ) and wound up buying 8 mil gloss white brochure and flyer paper from staples , which held up much better !
the paper is 10 mils thick . it is thinner and more flexible than a business card .
i have only used this to make outdoor posters for lost cats , but found that the ink runs ... it is n't as 'weatherproof ' as touted . can you use a label maker instead ?
yes , you can even use a standard ball point pen . however , the sharper the point or the harder you press , a deeper impression is left . so , if you do n't press too hard with the pencil , you can even erase your errors without leaving an impression . a ball point pen can make very deep impression and `` stretch '' the material , unless you press lightly and use something hard to press on .
yes , should work for markers and waterproof paint .
no ... . it can only project through a transparent medium . you can 'sketch ' your painting into a line art , print that on transparent film , and then draw the design on the wall . you 'd then have to repaint , of course . muralists do it all the time . try it !
no . perhaps faintly but i would n't count on it . needs to be transparency film . i 'd recommend apollo .
yes it really works great for reading and projecting pictures mine came cracked but still works great hope that helps ; )
yes it will project an 8 ' image .
i use the projector with a 6x8 screen . the image fills the screen .
if your photograph is first transferred to transparency it should ( in a darkened room-best ) . i have been pleased with it thus far but have not used photographs .
yes
unfortunately there is no battery backup .
yes , red light
you just plug it into a standard phone line .
did n't get a user 's guide with it . plugged it into the phonejack as marked . the battery will only lasts about 5 to 7 years . it is easy to replace it , just take the old one to radio shack or wal-mart to purchase a new one . remember the markings : + and - before removing it .
if the telezapper does n't work it 's because the robocalling system ignores the `` this number is not in service '' tones that the telezapper produces . since the telezapper was introduced , the designers of robocalling systems have gotten more aggressive and many of them simply ignore the tones that the telezapper produces . that 's not the fault of the telezapper.that said , the difference between the two settings chosen by the slide switch on the bottom of the unit ( as explained in the user manual that comes with the unit ) is that in the `` advanced '' mode it delivers the full tone sequence ( several tones long ) , in the more basic mode is sends only the first tone of the sequence , which with well-behaved robocallers cancels the call immediately . the full tone sequence is annoying to humans , so the simpler one tone sequence is preferred by some people.i know that the telezapper actually works at least some of the time because i do get robocalls where as soon as the telezapper sends out its tones the line goes dead . but i also get other robocalls that not only ignore the telezapper tones but proceed to leave a message on my voicemail , which is actually illegal , but they do it anyway , because they are scum . if the telezapper does n't work it 's because the robocalling system ignores the `` this number is not in service '' tones that the telezapper produces . since the telezapper was introduced , the designers of robocalling systems have gotten more aggressive and many of them simply ignore the tones that the telezapper produces . that 's not the fault of the telezapper.that said , the difference between the two settings chosen by the slide switch on the bottom of the unit ( as explained in the user manual that comes with the unit ) is that in the `` advanced '' mode it delivers ... » read more if the telezapper does n't work it 's because the robocalling system ignores the `` this number is not in service '' tones that the telezapper produces . since the telezapper was introduced , the designers of robocalling systems have gotten more aggressive and many of them simply ignore the tones that the telezapper produces . that 's not the fault of the telezapper.that said , the difference between the two settings chosen by the slide switch on the bottom of the unit ( as explained in the user manual that comes with the unit ) is that in the `` advanced '' mode it delivers the full tone sequence ( several tones long ) , in the more basic mode is sends only the first tone of the sequence , which with well-behaved robocallers cancels the call immediately . the full tone sequence is annoying to humans , so the simpler one tone sequence is preferred by some people.i know that the telezapper actually works at least some of the time because i do get robocalls where as soon as the telezapper sends out its tones the line goes dead . but i also get other robocalls that not only ignore the telezapper tones but proceed to leave a message on my voicemail , which is actually illegal , but they do it anyway , because they are scum . « show less
it worked for me and i have cox digital phone service .
no and do n't waste your money on this , it does not work .
i do n't use vonage but i believe that it will work with any type of phone service that gives you a dial tone ( which vonage does ) . when a call comes in and you ( or your answering machine ) picks up , the originating caller ( or computer ) hears the tone generated by the zapper ; ( computer generated calls will usually drop off ) .
if you are using a land based phone and dsl line , you will need a special splitter to isolate the phone line from dsl . plug the splitter into the wall jack . plug the dsl line , from your modem , into the side of the jack marked dsl . plug the telezapper into the side of the jack marked phone . plug your phone line intp the other side of the telezapper . you should hear three tones everytime you pick up the phone . if not , open the telezapper and replace the batteries .
that date is the warranty . it can print 13,000 pages 5 % ( if you buy 3 , it will long 39000 print pages ) i use it 3 moth after date whitout problems .
yes
i have 1 original in an open box
we have a hp 4600 machine i am not sure what your question is.yes i bought order this number of ink . i have an order for this ink right now.i have received it yet .
troy , i looked on the box , and could not find an expiration date at all !
the 4600 printer indicates 8000 pages . obviously that depends on the amount of ink coverage on the page .
any of the black box toners ( color of the box ) should be fine . i am seeing a lot of people showing pictures of the black box 's but sending the blue colored ones which are pretty old , i would not recommend using .
that date is the warranty . it can print 13,000 pages 5 % ( if you buy 3 , it will long 39000 print pages ) i use it 3 moth after date whitout problems .
we have a hp 4600 machine i am not sure what your question is.yes i bought order this number of ink . i have an order for this ink right now.i have received it yet .
troy , i looked on the box , and could not find an expiration date at all !
the 4600 printer indicates 8000 pages . obviously that depends on the amount of ink coverage on the page .
i have 1 original in an open box
any of the black box toners ( color of the box ) should be fine . i am seeing a lot of people showing pictures of the black box 's but sending the blue colored ones which are pretty old , i would not recommend using .
yes
no caller id . it 's a pity . wish it did
the 3 `` aa '' batteries are only needed for the display not for the basic use of the phone .
no . the unit requires 3 batteries for the lcd display . it does not have the power cord option .
call waiting is usually provided by your telephone company . each line rings independently .
the model i have which is very similar to this model does have a ringer switch that can be switched off .
i 'm sorry , it has been awhile since i had that particular style of panasonic phone.but , i do think it was wall mountable
yes , definitely .
i just ordered some from b &h; photo
no , you can not print on both sides .
the white is on the printable side more white . logo on back of none printable side . it 's a great paper with nice quality images .
not being the seller , just a buyer of this product , i can not tell you the date on `` this offering '' . i can share that the products received were all of current date ( none expired ) and was happy with them !
i 'm sorry ... do not understand the question . i am happy with cartridge .
uh ... the sellers do not answer these questions , mr. o'rooney . it 's up to other buyers to answer them.linda , i believe there is a way to address a question to a seller , but you 'll need to search for it .
it depends how old your printer is . the new printers come with the more common cartridges that are interchangeable . inside the cartridge well , there should be several different cartridge numbers that are compatible with your printer . good luck
56
that would be the date that the manufacturer has put on the product , to specify the expected usage may not work as it should . so you may or may not have problems with the ink calibrating correctly or something in the usual function of the cartridge may not do as it should .
usually a bargain price is associated with a recently or close to expiring date . i do n't recall the date on my most recent purchase but have had no problems
the cartridge is full ... ..it still has all the factory stickers on it , i unwrapped it , it was sealed . however , it does not fit in my printer at all like described on the box that was crushed and taped ... .completely different shape ... .is not compatible .
there was no expiration date on ink , if it was i do n't go by exp . dates . the cartridge worked for me just fine , i am about to reorder more now .
yes , it was sealed in the original package .
i have not tried to use the phone without batteries . however , looking at the manual , it does seem to imply that the batteries need to be in place to use a headset . the phone itself will work without batteries , but some of the features wo n't . you can see the entire manual here : http : service.us.panasonic.com opermanpdf kxts105b.pdfthe phone does not come with an ac adapter , so power outtages will not affect it one way or the other .
this is a 1 line phone .
yes the sound is of very good quality . i receive up to 30 calls a day , and occasional the volume was higher . that 's because the customer on the other end is speaking to low or their volume is too low . great phone for me .
i ca n't explain why they 're switching to another model when they post . i received the black ts105b when i ordered . i looked at the phone and the instruction book , and i did n't see any accommodation for an adapter , but i 've had my batteries in this unit since i bought it a few years ago , and have n't had to change them . i use alkaline . the battery only is used for the autodial function as far as i can tell , so i have n't had any problems .
approx . 6 1 2 '' wide x 8 3 4 '' long works without installing batteries fyi
no - there is no caller id - i have the service , my other phones show it , and the batteries are in - there is no caller id . i bought this based on the person who said it does have caller id . it has call waiting , it does not have caller id .
yes it does
yes , it does . that 's why i purchased this phone . it also has a speakerphone .
yes , it can be wall mounted .
there is no external power supply . the phone line and the batteries suffice .
i use this ( http : www.amazon.com gp product b00007m1tz ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00 ? ie=utf8 &ps; c=1 ) headset . it works with the phone .
no
no , it is not supposed to stick .
jeffrey , it should be jpeg ( jpg ) , tiff and bmp .
you can aways scan to your computer.. open..than save to the disk
i have n't used mine for a few years..but yes , it does scan a full size .
yes , it will scan paper size up to a4 ( 8.5 '' x 11 '' or 216 x 297 mm ) .
i do n't use macs . however , canon 's web site indicates support for quite a few mac os 's , including 10.3 panther , see http : www.usa.canon.com cusa support consumer scanners canoscan_series canoscan_lide_30 # driversandsoftware
just upgraded to windows 7 and the scanner is not compatible . i hate that . this is a great scanner . i 've used it for 10 years , and i 'd still use it now if it were compatible .
i replaced my drum about 3 years ago for my mfc 4800. from the markings on the package i concluded it was a genuine brother . it worked well until about 2 months ago when it started leaving grey streaks . i 'm not sure if the problem is the drum unit or the toner cartridge . note also that i only use the unit as a printer . also , i have found that the off-brand toner cartridges leave streaks . if your using an off brand toner cartridge , you might find replacing it with a brother cartridge will solve the problem . good luck .
it came in a blue and white brother box sealed in foil just like other new brother items i have purchased . i assume it was factory sealed new .
toner is separate from the drum unit .
not sure what 'stamper ' means . i use a round hard plastic application disk to line up and press label and cd together . glue hold extremely well ; once it sticks to cd , that 's it .
not sure where you are seeing 300 sheets . it says right on the pack `` 300 multi-use labels '' . and under the product description on the product page it says : `` what 's in the box 300 cd labels . '' the 300 clearly is the amount of labels , not sheets .
feed directly
yes , you can
there are 150 sheets with 2 labels on each , for a total of 300 labels . not 600 , as other users have said . ( i counted . )
expressit is the software used with the memorex labels .
100
the labels are awesome , in the 2 years ihave used them i have encountered no problems whatsoever
ca n't say . we only use them for cds . do n't know why they would n't , but ?
just a heads up , with this exact product , these labels do n't come with the program used to design them . they 'll work on any printer nitty i 'm not sure if the program bought separately would work with a mac
i seriously doubt it . i finally threw it out because it was too old and would not work on my newer xp version or windows 8 machine . i got the message it was already loaded , but it was not there in either machine . too bad because only decent program i could find that let you change your art to jpg format . all the other programs i have tried you can only open the art work with the program you made it with and could n't find any conversion software online that worked either
i 'm not a windows user anymore gorge . why do n't you email avery and ask them before you purchase ?
the program was designed for windows xp . it does not work for windows 7 or 8 .
hello i have used it mostly with windows xp professional . i will be trying it on windows 7 soon but have not yet . if you email me again i will check and let you know later this week .
i 'm sorry robert but i have n't used the avery software in a very long time . as a former windows user i do know it 's windows friendly but why do n't you go to the avery website and have look just to be sure for yourself before you purchase it on amazon .
decimals yes , commas , no
hi 2thdoc , the calculator without measuring with the adding tape is approx . 8 inches long 4 inches wide and 1inch tall . depending on the size of tape you use will make it longer of course . i love it . if the size is what you want , i would recommend it . hope this helps .
no , just one color
no
yes it does , but generally i am not comfortable with this device and do not recommend it
i think if you spread the pegs pretty wide it will sit solid . also depends on the size of the whiteboard and how hard you write . i use it for some pretty heavy textbooks and it is solid
no . not high enough
the stand can comfortably hold books about 350 pages in length .
yes it can hold paperback books as well . the holders in the front can hold the pages and book open for you . you can also angle the holders a bit to hold different sized books .
perhaps . but , since it 's metal , there 's a possibility that it would scratch an ipad .
i use it to hold my 32 '' flat screen television along with a dvd player while my wii sits underneath it . i also have an hp deskjet all in one printer fax copier that weighs less than my tv . it will hold a printer , it 's pretty sturdy .
i bought two , but for two desks and computers , in my opinion , i do n't think that will work unless they were to be stacked higher . hope this helps
this stand comes with two leg pieces per corner , a short one and a longer one . they can be used individually and stacked together for a total of three different heights . personally i think the stand is less useful when set at less than the maximum height , which is only perhaps four inches from desk surface to stand surface .
hello , the distance is approx . 10 inches .
from corner to corner 13 ''
i have a 27 '' hp 2511x on mine . works prefect for me .
i have not found a way to order addl . leg extenders from this co. or others . it would be a much better product if you could do so .
i gave away as a gift , but i think the surface where monitor sits is about 16 '' x 14 '' and the rise can be adjusted by adding or subtracting the 3-piece feet parts .
13x13
i do n't know since i never used a disposable camera . i do know that this is the best paper on the market with a thickness of 75 pounds . hp makeas a cheaper version , but it is not as thick .
i very much prefer high gloss !
yes
glossy side up , there usually is a faint hp logo on the flat side and remember to set printer for photos and size of photo and type of paper run a test first x flat side my printer is 7520 and it takes glossy up
identical i used to own the ti92 as well .
probably not ... if they are used .
if you do not go very fast ! : ) i had one on my vehicle but it was n't long before i noticed it was gone ... assuming rain weather and speed played a part of the loss but canot be completly sure . the magnet sheets are not water proof , even if layered with clear laminate so ink will bleed if it gets wet in rain .
it 's 5 sheets . they come almost curled out of the box . they jammed loading into my lexmark inkjet printer . i just got a canon one and one sheet loaded fine . seems like you 'll have to sit by the printer and manually feed these sheets into it one by one .
no they are not waterproof . they are thin magnets and you print on paper . even if you covered with clear laminate when completed water would bleed through the sides . laser is the best way to go if you can do it that way . better color and probably wo n't fade as fast , but still not completly waterproof .
i am thinking you can do that . the magnets are not super strong and thus will not frustrate a child wanting to dress her paper doll . however , if the child wants the paper dolls to do calisthenics , then the magnetic clothes might not hold quite as well - lol . i do believe it will work fine for your purposes . have fun !
you can draw on them with markers.i do n't think pens or pencils will work . i never tried those .
the magnetic ( back ) side is matte black and the front surface is matte white .
i stacked a bunch of cut pieces of this magnet together , measured the thickness of the stack with a metric ruler , and divided ( a caliper would have been more accurate , but this is what i have ) . one sheet is about 0.3mm thick , or a little thinner than that . i 've used card stock that 's thicker than these magnets . there are some other brands that make magnets close to 1mm thick , but those are more expensive and they 're too thick to run through a printer . you 'd have to print on a separate sheet of paper and use adhesive to stick the printing to the magnets .
well , you would have to have the polar opposite of this magnet for those to work with what you want . you might be better off using just a piece of metal available at your local hardware store ( home depot ) .
i have an epson stylus nx420 and it worked great for these sheets .
i think it could handle up to a 32 inch maybe even a forty . i think it has a weight limit of 40 lbs so that is pretty good . stand is really very nice and very sturdy .
the stand measures 14.5 x 4 x 11 inches . i bought 3 to use as computer tower stands instead of a monitor stand.they work really well to get the computer tower off the direct floor contact .
yes it would fit up to a 17 inch
it should work fine .
yes , it will fit under it width wise . the ps4 is deeper than the stand , however , so there will be some overhang .
yes , it should be sturdy enough for your imac .
it depends on the width thickness of both of those . i mean , if your laptop is like any of the modern ones and the tablet too , it should fit underneath
it is 14.5 by 11.5 and the height is 4 '' top to bottom , if you need to accommodate something at the bottom you have room for 3 '' height by 13 '' wide by 11.5 '' deep .
there are two sizes for these stands . i have both . one is 3.5 '' from the desktop to the underside of the stand with a top surface 14 '' wide and the other one is 4.5 '' from the desktop to the underside of the stand with a top surface 18 '' wide . like them both .
the top flat part of the stand is at 4 and 1 8 inches ; under the stand has almost 3 1 2 inches of space . in between the legs of the stand is just over 13 '' . it is quite sturdy and holds my 27 '' monitor .
both .
i had to cut the lip off of my desk with a saw where the tray slides in and out . single knob offers quick and easy adjustment of height and tilt . platform swivels to preferred position . keyboard and mouse gel wrist rests for comfort . fits virtually every keyboard including the microsoft natural . workstation type�diagonal , curved or straight glide track length�17-5 16 '' keyboard tray dimensions�20-1 4 wide x 11 long . color : black ; gray ; workstation type : curved ; diagonal ; straight .
it does slide back , but not all the way back .
i would n't suggest doing that . there are 8 screws . the tray pulls out and i 'm thinking that the constant motion will work one or more screws loose . maybe if you could install a piece of 5 8-inch plywood and then attach the tray to the plywood , you could make it work . the plywood could be recessed 2 inches from the front of the granite and be mostly hidden . but i come back to my first sentence , i would n't . good luck .
from what i found about people installing them in that the screws are 1 inch and the desk thickness is recommended to be at least 1.5 inches . i hope this helps . please let me know if you have any other questions .
about 2 feet 3 inches at it 's very maximum .
yes , the wrist pads are removable . they are not attached to the tray .
our installation front-to-back is 21 inches . at a minimum , figure on 19 inches .
hi tom , avery always worked compatibly with ms. never had trouble until now . well , lately after ms updates i 've blue screened using click n design ( 3d ) cd label and design software . yes , it comes with a dvd to install like a regular app . i installed the whole disc easily on my dell pc windows 7 84 bit home premium 435t 9000. i turned off the firewall and my webroot programs before intallation . the one problem i ran into was where to install it . it lists all the places by naming ( listing ) each program and you just pick with what program you want it to work in conjunction with . ( that 's the part i guessed at and rather than pick a program i chose 'administrator ' because i made myself administrator of all the progams i have ( or they would n't work ! ) . i 've got roxio , creative sound blaster z , window player and itunes . probably there 's others . but i always used this after i burned the disc and had the app find the music tracks and read them from e or f driver for the track names i was doing just find after it completed installation and designing the front cd case . so easy ! the pre-designed were pretty awful and old fashion looking yet i was willing to complete one insert conplete and printed . but no ! microsoft stopped the action because it decided i was having problems . no , i was n't , they were ! they said the program i wanted help with would take me to a solution and to type the problem in to find the right 'drivers ' i needed . well how can you type what the problem was went nothing was listed wrong ? bizarre . so , i closed out of ms website and i blue screened ! it rebooted to 'normal recommended ' and it did but i ca n't find the app now ! so , here i am not knowing what to do ! i used to make 100 's if cd labels and front and back inserts for my various oldie favorites and even inserted album fronts and stuck in backgrounds of my own photos and clip art . so , i 'm so stuck and feel this problem is between microst.com and avery . no recipiprocity.hope i can figure something out.if so , i 'll let you know . i try to never give bum info but this is what happened to mebest of luck to you ! if i figure out something or learn something i will let you know . bye for now , awcantor - az hi tom , avery always worked compatibly with ms. never had trouble until now . well , lately after ms updates i 've blue screened using click n design ( 3d ) cd label and design software . yes , it comes with a dvd to install like a regular app . i installed the whole disc easily on my dell pc windows 7 84 bit home premium 435t 9000. i turned off the firewall and my webroot programs before intallation . the one problem i ran into was where to install it . it lists all the places by naming ( listing ) each program and you just pick with what program you want it to work in conjunction with ... . » read more hi tom , avery always worked compatibly with ms. never had trouble until now . well , lately after ms updates i 've blue screened using click n design ( 3d ) cd label and design software . yes , it comes with a dvd to install like a regular app . i installed the whole disc easily on my dell pc windows 7 84 bit home premium 435t 9000. i turned off the firewall and my webroot programs before intallation . the one problem i ran into was where to install it . it lists all the places by naming ( listing ) each program and you just pick with what program you want it to work in conjunction with . ( that 's the part i guessed at and rather than pick a program i chose 'administrator ' because i made myself administrator of all the progams i have ( or they would n't work ! ) . i 've got roxio , creative sound blaster z , window player and itunes . probably there 's others . but i always used this after i burned the disc and had the app find the music tracks and read them from e or f driver for the track names i was doing just find after it completed installation and designing the front cd case . so easy ! the pre-designed were pretty awful and old fashion looking yet i was willing to complete one insert conplete and printed . but no ! microsoft stopped the action because it decided i was having problems . no , i was n't , they were ! they said the program i wanted help with would take me to a solution and to type the problem in to find the right 'drivers ' i needed . well how can you type what the problem was went nothing was listed wrong ? bizarre . so , i closed out of ms website and i blue screened ! it rebooted to 'normal recommended ' and it did but i ca n't find the app now ! so , here i am not knowing what to do ! i used to make 100 's if cd labels and front and back inserts for my various oldie favorites and even inserted album fronts and stuck in backgrounds of my own photos and clip art . so , i 'm so stuck and feel this problem is between microst.com and avery . no recipiprocity.hope i can figure something out.if so , i 'll let you know . i try to never give bum info but this is what happened to mebest of luck to you ! if i figure out something or learn something i will let you know . bye for now , awcantor - az « show less
no it wo n't . i ended up getting a refund .
no it would not work on 7. i had to download software for it and calibrate the printer . was a lot of work . i would advise against buying this one , it 's not very good . regards robin
the back side of the picture card is already printed when you buy it .
the postcard paper fits cp910 well . could you double check if you put the wrong side of paper into machine ? the postcard side should face down and the total white side should face up . if the paper faces right , check if the machine run out of ink .
yes they can , i order directly from canon so they can fill your order separately . i order the ink and the paper ( which prints out into postcards ) because it is a better value . i get 70 cards and one ink cartridge per pack .
according to the google search , i found that yes the canon kp36ip pack is compatible with the cp910 . hope that helps .
ink packs last a surprising long time . i 've probaby printed at least 20 photos & have not had to change the ink yet . quality is excellent ... very pleased .
i am not familiar with the canon mx522 . the printer prints brighter , higher glossy photos than the best ink jet printers that i have used . remember , the photos can not be enlarged greater than 4 '' x6 '' . the paper is much heaver weight than photo paper , and the ink is permanent . it is a great feeling to visit someone and see one of my custom postcards on their refrigerator ! this summer i am sailing down the oklahoma waterway to the mississippi and on the texas gulf . next summer , we are riding motorcycles to alaska . you can bet that the selphie printer will be cranking out postcards of the entire trip . hope this helps ... . jim i am not familiar with the canon mx522 . the printer prints brighter , higher glossy photos than the best ink jet printers that i have used . remember , the photos can not be enlarged greater than 4 '' x6 '' . the paper is much heaver weight than photo paper , and the ink is permanent . it is a great feeling to visit someone and see one of my custom postcards on their refrigerator ! this summer i am sailing down the oklahoma waterway to the mississippi and on the texas gulf . next summer , we are riding motorcycles to alaska . you can bet that the selphie printer will be cranking out postcards of ... » read more i am not familiar with the canon mx522 . the printer prints brighter , higher glossy photos than the best ink jet printers that i have used . remember , the photos can not be enlarged greater than 4 '' x6 '' . the paper is much heaver weight than photo paper , and the ink is permanent . it is a great feeling to visit someone and see one of my custom postcards on their refrigerator ! this summer i am sailing down the oklahoma waterway to the mississippi and on the texas gulf . next summer , we are riding motorcycles to alaska . you can bet that the selphie printer will be cranking out postcards of the entire trip . hope this helps ... . jim « show less
no , typically these phones do not come with a power adapter . they can be powered by a power-over-ethernet ( poe ) networking switch so power supplies are typically sold separately . this is how cisco sells them.cp-pwr-cube-2 or cp-pwr-cube-3 are the part numbers for the power adapter . the cp-pwr-cube-2 power adapter is commonly used to provide power to the cisco 7960 , 7960g , 7940 , 7940g , 7914 , 7912g , 7910g , 7905g and 7902g . the cp-pwr-cube-3 power supply can be used with a wider range of cisco phones . revision 3 of the cisco power cube provides better support for phones that draw higher wattages , such as the 7971g-ge and 7985g . it is compatible with the following cisco phones : 7902g , 7905g , 7910g , 7910g+sw , 7911g , 7912g , 7940 , 7940g , 7941g , 7941g-ge , 7942g , 7960 , 7960g , 7961g , 7961g-ge , 7970g , 7971g-ge , 7975g , 7914 , 7915 , 7916 , 6911 , 6921 , 6941 , 6961 , 7821 , 7841 , 7861 , 8941 , and 8945. no , typically these phones do not come with a power adapter . they can be powered by a power-over-ethernet ( poe ) networking switch so power supplies are typically sold separately . this is how cisco sells them.cp-pwr-cube-2 or cp-pwr-cube-3 are the part numbers for the power adapter . the cp-pwr-cube-2 power adapter is commonly used to provide power to the cisco 7960 , 7960g , 7940 , 7940g , 7914 , 7912g , 7910g , 7905g and 7902g . the cp-pwr-cube-3 power supply can be used with a wider range of cisco phones . revision 3 of the cisco power cube provides better support for phones that draw ... » read more no , typically these phones do not come with a power adapter . they can be powered by a power-over-ethernet ( poe ) networking switch so power supplies are typically sold separately . this is how cisco sells them.cp-pwr-cube-2 or cp-pwr-cube-3 are the part numbers for the power adapter . the cp-pwr-cube-2 power adapter is commonly used to provide power to the cisco 7960 , 7960g , 7940 , 7940g , 7914 , 7912g , 7910g , 7905g and 7902g . the cp-pwr-cube-3 power supply can be used with a wider range of cisco phones . revision 3 of the cisco power cube provides better support for phones that draw higher wattages , such as the 7971g-ge and 7985g . it is compatible with the following cisco phones : 7902g , 7905g , 7910g , 7910g+sw , 7911g , 7912g , 7940 , 7940g , 7941g , 7941g-ge , 7942g , 7960 , 7960g , 7961g , 7961g-ge , 7970g , 7971g-ge , 7975g , 7914 , 7915 , 7916 , 6911 , 6921 , 6941 , 6961 , 7821 , 7841 , 7861 , 8941 , and 8945 . « show less
no
it needs a voip telephone system .
dear erica , how are you ? you can buy a power supply cp-pwr-cube-3 best regardsfagner coimbra
no . the magicjack is intended as a usb computer peripheral that , in combination with telephony service from the related ymax corporation , provides internet-based telephone service ( voip ) to the united states and canada . the cisco voip phone uses cisco technology and liscensing to provide internet-based telephone service ( voip ) to the united states and canada .
we use several of them . all using twain drivers . will not work with windows 7 64 bit . we were able to get them to work with window 7 32 bit . works best with xp
no
i believe it does . i know it doesnt work with windows 8 .
the scanner i purchased worked on my microsoft windows xp professional , version 2002
it does n't work at all .
we have purchased two and neither have smelled bad .
not easily . it 's firm and flat so a little smooth perhaps for that .
it 's optional , not mandatory . if you remove it it will fix better to the desk but also catch more dust in the bottom . i used it for a few months without removing it and did n't find it troublesome at all .
9 '' round in diameter . it 's about 1 2 inch on one side in depth , sloping up to 1 '' inch .
kimberley : i do not know . if your gel wrist support is not cumbersome ( big ) it might . i have both the alsop 26226 wrist aid mouse pad and imakk wrist glove-like-apparatus that has tube beads in the part that cushions your wrist and hand ( on the underside ) . the wrist mouse pad helps to keep your wrist off the table as it is tapered . i 'm using the mouse pad now that i do n't need the wrist pad every day . i love mine and will be reordering both when these wear out .
it is canola oil according to the fellowest company and product identification page at http : www.officedepot.com pdf msds 365153.pdf . curious why people just guess or say `` i do n't know '' when posting . it would help us all if you did n't waste our time having to read messages that say `` i do n't know . '' : )
no you can use this on other shreadders .
i do n't see why not . it ought to be usable with any brand of shredder .
when ever you dump the basket
i would n't ... this is office equipment not industrial
reading the msds sheet for the oil and it is canola oil . so most likely wo n't kill a pet but you should keep it away from them . http : sites.fellowes.com fellowes materials documents msds_35250.pdf
run the shredder in both directions for a few seconds , then apply the oil along the length of the blades . put the nozzle in the same slot as you insert the paper to be shredded . go from one side to the other.then run the shredder again . then insert a piece of paper and run it through to absorb any excess oil.hope this helps .
i had the same problem that you have and was planning to buy a new shredder . do n't do it just take off the excess oil , that 's the problem dry the blades and that 's it .
yes the sticker on the bottom says it is made in the usa , distributed by sanford brands , oak brook , il . www.sanford.com
my answer would be yes . i have a self-inking stamp that fits easily in the smallest squares .
i do n't think that would work too well . it 's not designed for stacking .
just checked ... yes !
it is 15 '' long by 11 3 8 '' wide by 2 1 4 '' deep . i 've got at least 6 of these and they are the best organizers ever . they hold a lot more items and i have them in my kitchen drawers , my nightstand in my bedroom ( fit perfectly with about 1 12 '' to spare and one in the credenza drawer under my sewing machine . these are heavy duty , well made , nothing fancy organizers and they will last forever . i 've had some of mine for over a decade . great for organizing different size batteries too . if you 're looking to use these in a filing cabinet with a drawer the width should fit easily enough . your drawer is 12 1 4 '' wide these organizers are 11 3 8 '' wide . that leaves your drawer space 7 8 '' larger in width than the organizer . not a whole lot of room but workable . hope this helps . it is 15 '' long by 11 3 8 '' wide by 2 1 4 '' deep . i 've got at least 6 of these and they are the best organizers ever . they hold a lot more items and i have them in my kitchen drawers , my nightstand in my bedroom ( fit perfectly with about 1 12 '' to spare and one in the credenza drawer under my sewing machine . these are heavy duty , well made , nothing fancy organizers and they will last forever . i 've had some of mine for over a decade . great for organizing different size batteries too . if you 're looking to use these in a filing cabinet with a drawer the width should fit easily ... » read more it is 15 '' long by 11 3 8 '' wide by 2 1 4 '' deep . i 've got at least 6 of these and they are the best organizers ever . they hold a lot more items and i have them in my kitchen drawers , my nightstand in my bedroom ( fit perfectly with about 1 12 '' to spare and one in the credenza drawer under my sewing machine . these are heavy duty , well made , nothing fancy organizers and they will last forever . i 've had some of mine for over a decade . great for organizing different size batteries too . if you 're looking to use these in a filing cabinet with a drawer the width should fit easily enough . your drawer is 12 1 4 '' wide these organizers are 11 3 8 '' wide . that leaves your drawer space 7 8 '' larger in width than the organizer . not a whole lot of room but workable . hope this helps . « show less
yes it does .
the shortest spot ( at the back ) is 4 '' . you would have to slide it in from the side . to put your item in from the front , 2.5 '' .
yes , sturdy enough for sure . check other q &as; for measurements to be sure you can at least slide your items in from the side to fit .
hi nancy ... i think it would work well . my husband has it on a small table next to his reading chair and keeps folders with information on the bottom 2 shelves . on the top shelf he keeps his kindle and a notebook . even though there is a bit of weight on each shelf the shelves have never seemed to sag . i think it is a pretty good little shelf unit and unless you put a huge amount of weight on each shelf i do n't see a problem . i hope this helps .
metal mesh
it 's made of metal for sure .
around 2 '' between 2 shelves
my recent setup on this is one ( fairly heavy ) dvr box on the bottom shelf , one ( fairly heavy ) cable box on the middle shelf , and one wii box and one small antenna booster on the top shelf . i just removed the cable box and set my 17 '' ( older = heavier ) laptop on the middle shelf ; it holds well and does n't appear that it would sag . the laptop hangs over each side , of course , but there 's a bit of protection from sliding forward backward because of the built-in slant . i would suggest placing the heaviest laptop on the bottom and the lightest on the top for stability . hope this helps !
you could do either one .
i am not sure what you mean by smallest spline . i have one of these . there is only one size hole that it makes . the setup appears to be made to fun down the side of the page but i ran one across the top 8 1 2 side and it worked fine .
i do n't think so . this is just the hole punch . i did buy two boxes of the spines ( in two different sizes ) and they both came with the appropriate opening closing tool for the spines in the box . i 'm not sure exactly what `` editing '' you want to do with this , but this is just the hole punch for binding papers . it 's not for actually publishing them .
i have found that if the lamination is thin , it punches easily . it punches through 4-6 sheets of paper or a single sheet laminated on both sides .
google for 3:1 spiral binding - make sure it 's 3:1 , that 's what size this is . the largest i 've found is 60mm 2 inches , which says it will hold 440 pages . only warning - spiral binding can take a little bit more time to install , but the flexibility in size and color and price makes it worth it for us .
it punches 32 holes along the long edge of standard letter paper . i 'm not sure how many holes are required for coil binding . note that this works really great with the pro click spiral bindings gbc sells they are plastic , but look pretty good .
it 's a 1:3 pitch . so , 3 holes to 1 inch .
mine did not include the spines
no , it 's for us letter size ( unless you use it to punch the short end which will give you a landscape format book ) . for a4 paper you need gbc clickman binder available on amazon.co.uk http : www.amazon.co.uk gbc-clickman-personal-portable-capacity dp b001tpu2oo ref=sr_1_1 ? ie=utf8 &qid; =1406642064 &sr; =8-1 &keyw; ords=click+bind+binder
it will cut regular poster board , not just the real thin stuff . use a quick , firm stroke . it also helps to pull the cutting blade slightly toward the wooden bed as you cut .
probably ... for sure poster board
yes . if if you find the blade to be dull , you can do extra sharpening by moving the handle up and down quickly multiple times without any paper .
painted , the board is smooooth
12 in . x 16 in . the handle extends 5 in . beyond the base .
metal , but mine was crooked . it was defective and cut crooked .
i found this cutter to be accurate . i did find that it was necessary for me to `` practice '' with scrap paper to be certain i was getting the cut i wanted before i began . i also gradually increased the number of sheets i was attempting to cut at one time ( this varied with paper thickness ) . use caution , blade is very sharp .
its about 8 per page , i think . one thing i did find odd about this particular directory is that there is no space for an email address or ( specifically identified as such anyway ) a cell phone number . it seems like it needs to be `` updated '' a bit to be more suitable for `` modern times '' ? in general though , at-a-glance provides a great product !
the at-a-glance telephone and address book does not have any extra pages for internet passwords . it has space for 800 entries -- -but just names , addresses and home and work numbers .
no
the stamped area is 2 '' x 3 4 '' . there are 25 letters per line , 5 lines . the font is blocked upper case .
there are both .
mine came in black but you can get any color replacement ink pad you want for it and just swap them out if you choose to .
yes , all routinely used symbols are included . i really like mine .
sorry . i do n't have any specific link to a website for the ink . however , you should be able to find ink for this model on amazon . in fact , while back i bought 3 different ink for my self-inking stamp .
they are about 1 8 inch . it comes with a tweezers to pick them up . i have to use my glasses to see the letters . useful item though .
you put the numbers in yourself , so it should be good for the next gazillion years
no , it does not .
absolutely ! the pyramid 3500 prints on time cards , invoices , work orders , and a4 paper .
electric
? ? we 're in florida and we do not charge $ 112 for shipping - unless you 're not in the us ? you must have been looking at somebody else 's listing.time clocks and more
yes we do
it stamps automatically
the unit locks and you have to be able to unlock it to change the time or date ; that said , if the person is unsupervised and is untrustworthy enough that you have to ask , it probably would n't be particularly hard to acquire or make a key .
it will tell you total hours worked , you need to enter that into your payroll system to calculate o t. we pay bi-weekly and end up having to look at the total hours at the end of the pay periods . it will keep a running total of hours .
yes you need to have a power source close by .
yes - you clock in and it prints a `` in '' time on the card . when you clock out it prints an `` out '' time and a total of hours for that day and a running total also . we love the machine . we used to add all the cards up by hand and always rounded up to not cheat anyone . this paid for itself very quickly in accurately tracking hours .
the time clock calculates daily values . you would have to figure out from the daily total the amount of overtime .
time cards are printed with a different bar code on each card . you must use times cards specifically for this machine . it has been absolutely a valuable tool for my business .
yes , you can punch in and out as many times as you like .
it allows for a lunch break . 4 punches per day .
yes . it comes with screws and plastic drywall anchors .
yes . i got a box of # 6 3 4 envelopes ( 3 5 8 '' x 6 1 2 '' ) to use with it when i purchased this box . the envelopes fit nicely in the holder on the front , and fit easily in the slot on top . i 'm fairly certain a standard # 10 business envelope will also slide in easily .
8 3 8 inches at tallest point
the lock is excellent . i have never tried to open with anything .
150 pages
not laying down . it may at an angle .
12 inches by 7 3 4 inches
there are 7 columns there is no labels and around 32 lines
yes . all pages are ruled on front and back .
if you rub hard , you will erase the 'color ' from the page . and no , the book does not lay open flat unless you break the spine .
5 single and 2 double ... ...
i 've used these boxes for three different moves . they are very strong and have been stacked 4 boxes high , packed with everything from heavy , breakable dishes . they work great .
10 '' high x 12 '' wide x 15.5 '' long .
nope , just the boxes
there is no gauge listed for this product . i even pulled out the information sheet for this product . all i can say is it 's suitable for storage , acid free and archival safe . more than suitable for photos , which are what these are for . sorry i ca n't be more helpful .
9.25 in x 11.125 inincluding the area with the punched holes
top loading
there is no additional space to insert a small note card . notes or other photo identifying info would have to be placed in the actual photo pocket and would therefore obscure part of the photo . the only other option would be to place the info in the pocket behind the photo .
no opening or pocket ... but plenty of room to apply a label .
edge - to - edge the avery 4x6 landscape photo pages are 9 1 8 '' x 11 1 2 ''
yes
the pocket is just shy of 6.25 x 4.25 , if your postcard is standard thickness it should just fit . the top pocket may be dicey .
i use this for all my projects and assignments . ive been able to fit 3 papers plus 10 8x10 photos in one protector .
they do have body vs flexibility . i use them for my `` coaching '' needs and to hold patterns . they are not the real stiff ones , but they will stay up if they are supported . i believe this is the medium strength .
not sure , i have never used a marker on it .
yes you can , but it does n't come off very well without alcohol .
i have one sitting infront of me right this second . using a ruller i guess it will hold a single piece of paper that is max 8 and 7 8 of an inch thick . if the paper is exactly 9 inches measured across , it will not fit properly .
yes
yes .
they are all separate sheets and can be used anywhere
one foot deep , eleven inches wide , and nine inches tall .
it is almost exactly 1 inch from the counter the bottom of our binders . this is a great organizer for binders and other papers , books .
the `` tidy desk '' , as i have named it , is 11 inches wide , has 6 metal dividers which leaves 5 empty spaces to fill that are about 2 '' wide . the metal dividers are 8 '' high from the desktop . a hanging file folder would stand up in it , leaving almost 2 '' above the top of the divider . it is a very sturdy desktop item and does not take up that much room . it serves a very good useful function for me , getting rid of much of the clutter normally left by piles of paper on the surface of the desk . it does not detract from the surface of the desk . very nice .
i do n't know how many pounds ; but this is not a lightweight item . very sturdy ( unless they 've changed them ) . i love them . check the shipping weight to be sure .
yes , from what i understand it can be stamped every hour . whether or not it stamps am or pm is not known off-hand ... we use it seasonally so it 's been awhile ... .
no , it just stamps the time and day on your card .
no , it does not print either one , just the time
the pointer is lightweight metal . it would probably last thru a few dives but i will warn , it is easily bent ... though also easy to straighten .
i would definitely not use oil . it will get all over the pointer , your hands , and anything you touch with the pointer , and be hard to wipe off . you might try silicone spray . extend the pointer fully , lay it on old newspapers or something that you do n't mind getting the spray on , and spray it thoroughly . collapse and extend it a few times right away while the silicone is still wet , then leave it extended until it dries . do n't wipe it off . when the silicone dries , it leaves a dry lubricant that is n't messy . that might work .
it is a telescoping , pen shaped pointer ! there is no ink or writing involved . it is just a pointer .
this is simply a pocket pointer that is about the length of a pen , when collapsed . it extends out to 20+ inches to act as a long pointer . it has no laser . i use it in my job with computer users so that i 'm not right in their face trying to point at computer icons to `` click '' on .
what rays ? it is not a laser pointer , you extended the telescopic tube and use it to point
about the length of a normal pen , plus maybe an inch . chrome plated lightweight metal , steel maybe , similar to an extendable antenna .
no smell , great comfort . even the cat loves it .
yes , it does increase the height of the chair by maybe an inch . the foam depresses somewhat when one sits on it , but once you start using it , if it is moved to somewhere else , you will miss it . if you have back problems , you will enjoy this .
mine are 16.25 by 16.25 , but they fit the car seats nicely .
i 've been sitting on my for a couple of months . i just got off of it and it currently measures 1 1 2 inches . ( probably started out around 2 inches )
i appreciated this question and its answers when ordering . i avoided the amazon marketplace seller `` astar '' and paid a couple bucks more to buy from amazon itself , resulting in receipt of a genuine kensington product .
about 16 '' x 16.5 '' x 2 ''
it is not stretchable . it 's comes off by unfastening a zipper on the back . your cushion would need to be the exact same size and shape or smaller in order to fit .
i 'm not sure what you mean by 'heavy ' , but since i do n't carry them in a back pack , i think they are fine . i have them on all my kitchen chairs as well as my office chair . if you have any kind of back problem , this will help .
hi gem ! unfortunately , this listing is assorted , meaning we are unable to pick and choose the colors.you may receive any of the shown colors.thank you , aistebisonoffice
hello , sure , please kindly send a note in the memo or special instructions section of the order to let us know which color you would like or an email after you place your order would work too . thanks and have a wonderful day !
hello ! i print my own cards and i have two printers that i have used to print cards using this card stock . i have a hewelett packard ( hp ) officejet pro 8500 ( it 's the older of my two printers ) and a canon mg 6220. actually , both printers do a fine job of printing using this card stock . ( i make all of my cards for birthday 's , get well , etc . ) i love doing it and this card stock works very nicely . betsy
i do n't like this cardstock for coloring with copic markers . it bleeds a lot more than the neenah classic crest cardstock .
yes it is .
the higher the number , the thicker the stock . here 's a handy reference : http : paperworks.com about-paper-weights
photo 's are good and sharp especially when you set your printer to maximum pixels . however do not expect the `` crispness '' you get using photo paper . for all of your card printing this is excellent card stock . i have yet to have a sheet get stuck in my printer which happened a lot with the previous brand i was using . happy card maker here !
yes , matte . i put my cardstock in my printers one sheet at a time regardless . just be aware that if you are looking for pure white cardstock , this is not it . it is off-white which disappointed me greatly .
no . it is not folded or scored in any way .
this cardstock paper product ( that i purchased ) has no sticky stuff on the back of it - you need special paper for labels ... this is bright white hard stock paper i bought - for printing signs or menus , which is what i used it for ... look for special avery paper for label printing ...
that was my use and it worked very well . it is thick and crinkles a bit when folded
there is an eraser .
i tried it with my samsung note 2 and it does not work , nor does it work with iphone 5. i hope this answers your questions .
the stylus does not work on the current type of touch screen ( ipad , smart phonea. , etc ) . it worked on the old style of pdas .
i ordered these for my multi and they do not work .
you need to check the length of the original refill , it should be 4 1 8 '' long . the tip of the ball to the start of the neck is 1 3 16 '' long . if your original is the same length it should work .
yes , i think so . i have a very old papermate shell of a pen , and it was originally a power point , so i 'm pretty confident . they are great refills , write superbly !
i measured the refill at 4 3 16 inch
i have a `` double heart '' paper mate pen , rather slim , with chrome upper part and black lower part with a chrome tip on the lower part and the refill fits exactly ( it 's exactly the same type of refill that came out of the pen when i changed the refill originally ) . so i think you 're good to go .
yes , the bold will work in your 301 .
they are available from china however the are a generic brand .
the bold refill from the f-301 will not fit the f-701 . i believe only the fine and medium refills are compatible with both pens .
have used this pen and refills for many years for its smooth , fine , and precise writing . was not aware the `` technical details '' says it 's a medium point .
hello . i 'm not sure . i 've only used them in my somewhat old shaeffer .
i am sorry , but not knowing exactly what model of the sheaffer calligraphy pen you have i really could not make a judgement . these cartridges that i bought were for a fountain pen that was years old . i would suggest that you try looking under art supplies and i am sure you might find them on amazon , my favorite store . hope that helps .
it says `` classic ink '' on the package . i use it for calligraphy .
yes , sheaffer makes it in blue-black , blue , black , red , green , brown , turquois and purple .
i used some heavier stock which did not bleed through . i practiced with typing paper to get my calligraphy the way i wanted it and do n't remember that it bled through there .
yes , they do .
surface needs to be at least 1 2 inch to 3 4 inch of good wood surface not flake board and screwed in the wood not nailed . this is an excellent sharpener and will provide many years of service . i have one mounted for 23 years and is still working like the day i bought it . both of mine are mounted on vertical surfaces .
absolutely . i tried for you and it worked . mine id mounted sideways . good luck have fun !
i do n't recall receiving any screws in the box and just used 3 cup head phillips screws about 4 gauge and 3 4 inch .
this sharpener has two rollers . also , you should know that i just updated my review of this item . ( i should have done that sooner ; sorry . ) the problem with the apparently dull blades was resolved when my son figured out that i needed to crank in the other direction . i 'm much happier with the product now .
not the flat type
yes , i have both of mine mounted vertically . the body then just gets attached 90 degrees from the position shown on the picture . they are made in china but seem to be the rugged strong models that i used in grammar school many years ago .
no . it is made in china . but it seems to be well made .
i was surprised at how *substantial* the box felt when it arrived ( it was only about $ 12 after all ... ) . i think that stainless steel is a combination of iron and tin and the hollow body of this contraption feels more like stainless steel than that of a tin can and it is shinier than a tin can also and perhaps more thick . i read the previous three answers and if not all , many of them spoke of the cast mounting base -- that feels like an iron skillet and is quite heavy . you will not be able to mount this lovely cutting machine onto a hollow door . get it ! you will probably be at the least happy with it or as me , surprised by how good it is given the price and how many of these things have not seemed to have made it into the new millennium with its 1950 's and 1960 's integrity in tact . i was surprised at how *substantial* the box felt when it arrived ( it was only about $ 12 after all ... ) . i think that stainless steel is a combination of iron and tin and the hollow body of this contraption feels more like stainless steel than that of a tin can and it is shinier than a tin can also and perhaps more thick . i read the previous three answers and if not all , many of them spoke of the cast mounting base -- that feels like an iron skillet and is quite heavy . you will not be able to mount this lovely cutting machine onto a hollow door . get it ! you will probably be at the least ... » read more i was surprised at how *substantial* the box felt when it arrived ( it was only about $ 12 after all ... ) . i think that stainless steel is a combination of iron and tin and the hollow body of this contraption feels more like stainless steel than that of a tin can and it is shinier than a tin can also and perhaps more thick . i read the previous three answers and if not all , many of them spoke of the cast mounting base -- that feels like an iron skillet and is quite heavy . you will not be able to mount this lovely cutting machine onto a hollow door . get it ! you will probably be at the least happy with it or as me , surprised by how good it is given the price and how many of these things have not seemed to have made it into the new millennium with its 1950 's and 1960 's integrity in tact . « show less
no , it sharpens pretty quickly . it will continue to sharpen until you pull it out .
using a slotted screwdriver , unscrew one of the cutter pins and pull it out . this will remove the helical cutter so that you can access the piece of lead and push it out . then put the cutter back in place and reinsert the pin .
they are refillable , despite what the description and packaging state . first , you remove the eraser , then you turn the nose until a little plastic piece falls out ( it will have the last of the lead inside ) . pull the spent lead out the plastic piece , put a new lead in , then carefully guide the lead into the spring in the body of the pencil . turn the nose until the lead starts to feed , then replace the eraser . it might sound complicated , but it takes maybe a minute .
these are not refillable , meant to be disposable
yes . this type pencil ca n't be refilled with lead . i really like this pencil and have used them for many years .
well that is an interesting question . it is made of plastic , rubber eraser , metal spring , and plastic which holds the lead . here is a video of how to refill it ( its silly but the first thing i saw ) http : www.lovecreativeblog.com 2011 09 papermate-sharpwriter-mechanical-pencils-how-to-refill-them.html
yes
yes ! i know what you mean . these are the only mechanical pencils i use and it is because the erasers are excellent . it is definitely worth a try .
no they do n't
it 's a pack of 12 .
i believe it will . i draw a lot with these pencils . they are my favorite .
the basic components of a pencil are the lead ( actually graphite ) , the wood & paint , eraser holder , and the eraser . people who took pride in their craft started pencil companies and created a reputation based on their choice of these components , and their execution of certain other quality characteristics like centering the lead so sharpening is symmetrical , etc . unfortunately some of these companies have been sold to corporations who reduce the quality of i all but keep the price up . for a period they show much improved profits and often sell he purchased company for more than they paid based on this artificial profitability which eventually diminishes as users of the product catch on that there favorite product is no longer what it use to be . with pencils companies , like papermate , so it seems , have done just that . the lead is poor quality and inconsistent , the wood is thinner and no longer good quality cedar , the brass holding he eraser is no longer brass , and the eraser is also of poorer quality . since these are only pencils , the bean counters at corporate i guess think they can pull it off . for some of us who enjoy using a good pencil , we notice . at least there are forums such as this where we can voice our discontent . the basic components of a pencil are the lead ( actually graphite ) , the wood & paint , eraser holder , and the eraser . people who took pride in their craft started pencil companies and created a reputation based on their choice of these components , and their execution of certain other quality characteristics like centering the lead so sharpening is symmetrical , etc . unfortunately some of these companies have been sold to corporations who reduce the quality of i all but keep the price up . for a period they show much improved profits and often sell he purchased company for more than they paid ... » read more the basic components of a pencil are the lead ( actually graphite ) , the wood & paint , eraser holder , and the eraser . people who took pride in their craft started pencil companies and created a reputation based on their choice of these components , and their execution of certain other quality characteristics like centering the lead so sharpening is symmetrical , etc . unfortunately some of these companies have been sold to corporations who reduce the quality of i all but keep the price up . for a period they show much improved profits and often sell he purchased company for more than they paid based on this artificial profitability which eventually diminishes as users of the product catch on that there favorite product is no longer what it use to be . with pencils companies , like papermate , so it seems , have done just that . the lead is poor quality and inconsistent , the wood is thinner and no longer good quality cedar , the brass holding he eraser is no longer brass , and the eraser is also of poorer quality . since these are only pencils , the bean counters at corporate i guess think they can pull it off . for some of us who enjoy using a good pencil , we notice . at least there are forums such as this where we can voice our discontent . « show less
i do have an old one with glossy black paint witch says usa on the barrel . these have a matte black finish on them and do n't specify usa i 'm assuming they 're not made in america and i have noticed lesser quality in the wood , the paint , eraser and graphite . still a solid pencil . but not the original quality
mirados have always been round .
a # 2.5 lead would be a shade lighter than these # 2 pencil .
pc 909-grass green , pc 933-violet blue , pc 924-crimson red , pc 932-violet , pc 935-black , pc 938-white , pc 946-dark brown , pc 903-true blue , pc 945- sienna brown , pc 912-apple green , pc 918-orange , pc 916-canary yellow . i hope this helps .
hello , in answer to your question i tried out my set on various types of paper and in all cases you can erase most of it but it always left a faint bit behind . i also tried out two types of erasers , one was the white prismacolor plastic and the other was a kneaded eraser . i hope this was helpful i love my colored pencils . sincerely , carylkay
browns , reds , blues , black , yellows
the box i purchased in 10 2014 is made in mexico . why does it matter ?
i have n't had that problem . they are n't like the crayola pencils where you can never effectively sharpen again . these have different texture and are better easier .
i got one white , 5 shades of yellow including an actual gold pencil , 2 orangey colors ( two of the yellows are bordering on orange ) , 3 shades of pink , 5 reds , 5 purple , 5 blue , 8 greens , 1 teal , 1 aquamarine , 6 browns , 1 peachy- tan , 1 black and 1 silver . that is just a generalization of the colors . over all i think it 's a good set cause the color spectrum varies between yellow and orange and pink and red ... etc . it 's hard to tell where one color stops and another one starts . that 's a good sign to me cause there are lots of `` in between '' choices .
woodburning on bags ? i 'm not familiar . i like sanford on bristol , watercolor paper , and any paper . sanford makes a watercolor pencil ( you can color and then add water to it , to get the effect of watercolors or not and it looks like colored pencil . with practice you can get some great effects ) . which might be more of what you 're looking for . i love the prismas because they 're easier for me to work for , have a great color selection , and wonderful color saturation . hope this helps !
in my experience the quality issues with prismacolor pencils has not affected the actual color cores which are still vibrant and easy to blend . the production issues have more to deal with off center cores or warped pencil barrels .
if it is very light and not much it will ease with one of the white eaters for the color pencils . this has been my experience but i am very new to using them . hope this helps .
i do n't think so .
yes , each of the 48 pencils are labeled by their color and their product # such as pc # # # # . these all sell separately to for $ 5.99 to $ 7.99 each !
yes ! you can feel the difference ! my daughter is 9 years old and she likes design and she uses them only to make her designs , and she loves them , one extra point is the palette !
no it does not .
flexible but firm .
no it does not
about 5 1 2 '' x 10 ''
the tabs have on letter each on them for the most part .
i do n't know . the first top hole is about 1 1 2 inch from the top and the next ones ( 2 ) are 1 3 4 inch from that one , if this is any help.sorry if not , lance r
no place to store papers - but like the rings that open to put in extra sheets - and very strudy - bit bigger than most being 9in . high and 7in wide . my other telephone book did not have slots and i used a large clip like paper clip to store extra papers i needed to have handy .
i do n't know exactly how many pages it will hold but is loose leaf so real easy to ad pages , probably twice as much as come with it originally . it is perfect for my needs . hope this helps .
it has three lines : name , address , city , with a second column for area code , zip and phone number . the quality of the cover is quite poor . we had to duck tape it .
great question . yes its sticky enough to discourage cats from stepping on it . it 's also easy to remove off counter tops and wo n't hurt your cats ' paws : )
an ant might stick to it but not a roach . it is not nearly as sticky as the fly trap paper you can find in hardware stores . i use it to hold two pieces of paper together temporarily . for that it is wonderful .
it 'll stick to any surface not treated to be non-stick .
the longer it is on , the harder it is to remove . i would n't trust it ... we use paperclips and staples for that purpose .
i 've used this stuff on ( the back of ) photos for several years , no problems . i would not use it to mount archival prints , but for the rest , it 's fine in my opinion .
the tape is very weak . it will hold a piece of paper on a wall . that 's about it . i use it a lot though , for many different applications , including notes on wall , or tape a gift visa card inside a birthday card , etc . for the application that you describe , it is worth a shot but i think success is likely 50 50 at best .
it can run on batteries or has a power plug . use it my truck with a inverter most of the time instead of replacing the 6 aa batteries .
boris , it comes with a small starter roll of paper .
no
base footprint is 9 inches length by 6 inches width by 2 inches height . adding the roll of paper enlarges the total envelope to : 12 inches total length , no change in width and 3 inches total height.a great small desktop calculator . i 'm very pleased with the functions and performance .
it takes the standard size adding machine roll . nothing special .
yes . the calculator is fully functional on battery power . i do n't know how long the batteries will last since i have n't had to replace them yet . it is just a pleasure not to have to be concerned with hooking upo ac , even when i am just using it at my desk .
no just plain rolls you do n't need thermal . ink i do n't know have n't change that yet but it does last a long time
these have an inside layer that makes them thicker . they are very fit ! not flimsy or thin .
i 'm assuming they 're not latex-free because the packaging does n't specify it .
i 'm not sure why there are different prices . this box has 144 erasers and they are the best erasers my kids and i have found .
twelve individual erasers in a cardboard box .
a dust free eraser that i use on pastel & graphite artwork . cleanly removes all the medium without smearing , smudging or leaving a shadow image behind .
nope . does n't work on ink .
yes . they 're great for erasing large amounts of pencil . hold them in the middle when you do it , not by one end , because they can break that way .
i dont recall , but most likely yes . i used them.in my classroom and they erase very well . i have no complains and planning on buying my third batch .
they work moderately well on colored pencil shading , but not as well on hard lines with sharpened colored pencil . the waxier oilier the colored pencil lead , the worse the eraser works , the chalkier the better . of course , the eraser is amazing with most all graphite and charcoal .
yes . i used to look like this : http : 2.bp.blogspot.com -- 7ihpccaz8q ty3p2evokci aaaaaaaaeg4 gs7c7l8cvc4 s1600 powder_1.jpgnow i totally look like this : http : s3.amazonaws.com ink_prod photos 0043 7920 austininkfest_612_large.jpg
since teflon is a hydrophobe , i would be inclined to think not ; the `` manomark '' pen , however , works wonderfully.http : www.emsdiasum.com microscopy products preparation markers.aspx ( scroll about halfway down )
what you will want to do.. use any old marker and get a case like this clear ultra thin slim skin case for ipod touch 5th generation ( blue ) to go over the signature : )
i got these for the same purpose . they were suggested the aroid-l list and so far they have done great . much better than a regular sharpie . happy growing and survive this cold winter wherever you may be.betsy
i have found through the years , that this expo spray cleaner is the best when it comes to eliminating old marker . i 've not had any issues with the cleaner removing any dry erase marker , no matter how long it has been on a whiteboard or a dry erase surface . i will just say it does not remove permanent marker , though , nor does it remove dry erase marker from a different type of surface . a fellow teacher once mistakenly wrote with a dry erase marker on a projection screen and this did not work to remove it . but if you use it for its intended purpose , it should work great .
it 's not that fine . it 's not like a ballpoint pen , more like an old fashioned felt tip marker .
it is 4-15 16 '' ( 12.5mm ) long , 2 '' ( 5mm ) wide , and 15 16 '' ( 2.25mm ) thick made out of a hard pressed very lightweight material like styrofoam ( but it does not crumble or anything like styrofoam ) , and the erasing pad itself is glued onto it and is about 3 8 '' ( .9mm ) thick . it is a very soft felt like material in a loose pile ( not woven like felt ) . it works excellent for dry erase and is so light it is not tiring to use . i have not tried in on a chalkboard but do n't think it would work well for that . the erasing material is entirely different . when i have erased a lot and it collects a lot of residue from the ink i simply brush it off with my hand over a trash bin and it seems to clear easily . i think you could also use the fine tooth end of a comb but i have not had to do that yet . it is 4-15 16 '' ( 12.5mm ) long , 2 '' ( 5mm ) wide , and 15 16 '' ( 2.25mm ) thick made out of a hard pressed very lightweight material like styrofoam ( but it does not crumble or anything like styrofoam ) , and the erasing pad itself is glued onto it and is about 3 8 '' ( .9mm ) thick . it is a very soft felt like material in a loose pile ( not woven like felt ) . it works excellent for dry erase and is so light it is not tiring to use . i have not tried in on a chalkboard but do n't think it would work well for that . the erasing material is entirely different . when i have erased a lot and it ... » read more it is 4-15 16 '' ( 12.5mm ) long , 2 '' ( 5mm ) wide , and 15 16 '' ( 2.25mm ) thick made out of a hard pressed very lightweight material like styrofoam ( but it does not crumble or anything like styrofoam ) , and the erasing pad itself is glued onto it and is about 3 8 '' ( .9mm ) thick . it is a very soft felt like material in a loose pile ( not woven like felt ) . it works excellent for dry erase and is so light it is not tiring to use . i have not tried in on a chalkboard but do n't think it would work well for that . the erasing material is entirely different . when i have erased a lot and it collects a lot of residue from the ink i simply brush it off with my hand over a trash bin and it seems to clear easily . i think you could also use the fine tooth end of a comb but i have not had to do that yet . « show less
i have not had a problem with mine at all . you cant staple a large number of pages but other than that - i love it
i do n't believe you can specify the color . i was really disappointed being an owner of the original tot stapler all through my school years . you really do n't need the built in staple remover because the staples rarely attach ... .sorry for the sarcasm .
it is really small so it should be good
no
the top swings open to a 90 degree angle and you just drop them in .
these are the only staples that work great and do n't jam up in my stapler but although the box has an address in east greenwich , rhode island , it says `` made in china '' . boo hoo ! one would think that good staples could be made in the usa . i 'll have to do some research .
yes
i do n't really count the sheets of paper , but it seems to work easily on 35 sheets , just stapled 40 with no problem . i just like it for the daily use 5 to 10 sheets , it is quick and it always works ! never gets stuck .
no , you ca n't adjust it . it 's meant to staple a lot of papers at once .
button on top releases resivoir in front .
i owned 1 of these for years . it staples neat and clean on 1 page or 40.i only used the bostitch premium crown staples and never had any problem.after about 8 years of use the stapler started shooting out a staple every couple of hours so i do n't use it anymore . i am thinking of buying another stapler so i will probably buy another one just like it . i loved it .
i have only used 1 4 b8 power crown staples , and in my understanding that is the only compatible size
no ,
there is no adjustment for the depth . it appears that it is 1 2 '' from the edge .
hi ! yes they will . i used the same standard staples , actually it will use 2 of them each time and it works just fine .
look at the end of the handle where the red plug is . push it in and then lift it up slightly and then slide the red plug along with the spring out . then put the staples on the rail inside and then use the red plug and spring to push it inside and then push the red plug down while it is inside to lock it . if you are reloading and there are any small groups of staples inside . shake it loose and throw them away other wise it will jam .
yes , you can , but they might not staple as well as the 1 2 inch . i always use the recommended size .
this stapler is for paper or cardboard , the stapler body is hinged to the base and will not open . i staple 60 to 70 papers at one time and works great for what i do . easy enough that my 5 year old granddaughter can use and reload with no problem .
i bought mine quite a while ago so my memory may not be perfect . the stapler has worked well for me . i believe it came with a small box of staples but i am not positive .
i like mine just make sure you keep a smaller one for thinner stacks
yes , you can use the 1 2 inch staples . that 's what i 'm using now to staple my papers together .
you can not use the tray for multiple pages . there is a slot on top of the machine for this . i just tried 3 pages with out any problem , i tried four and it worked but no for 5 sheets . it is only recommended to fold 3. each set of three would have to be put in the slot one group at a time . much better then folding them by hand . i just bought this not to long ago . we use it for the c fold . it took about 15 minutes to unpack and setup in place . took maybe 20 practice tries to get the settings perfect and we have folded almost 5,000 so far with out any issue . one thing we did was with the catch tray . we took a piece of cardboard a little wider then the machine and a little bigger then the tray , this sits in the catch tray on a slight angle down slope away from the machine . this keeps them from falling off . you can not use the tray for multiple pages . there is a slot on top of the machine for this . i just tried 3 pages with out any problem , i tried four and it worked but no for 5 sheets . it is only recommended to fold 3. each set of three would have to be put in the slot one group at a time . much better then folding them by hand . i just bought this not to long ago . we use it for the c fold . it took about 15 minutes to unpack and setup in place . took maybe 20 practice tries to get the settings perfect and we have folded almost 5,000 so far with out any issue . one thing we did was with the catch ... » read more you can not use the tray for multiple pages . there is a slot on top of the machine for this . i just tried 3 pages with out any problem , i tried four and it worked but no for 5 sheets . it is only recommended to fold 3. each set of three would have to be put in the slot one group at a time . much better then folding them by hand . i just bought this not to long ago . we use it for the c fold . it took about 15 minutes to unpack and setup in place . took maybe 20 practice tries to get the settings perfect and we have folded almost 5,000 so far with out any issue . one thing we did was with the catch tray . we took a piece of cardboard a little wider then the machine and a little bigger then the tray , this sits in the catch tray on a slight angle down slope away from the machine . this keeps them from falling off . « show less
yes it will
yes . not photo thick , but just glossy , yes
it folds regular paper with ease and where you want it . so if the perf is on the half or one third of the page , it should be no problem .
yes it does . we 've been pleased with the machine .
i lost our instructions , but i believe it does . it 's a very temperamental device .
i 've misplaced the instructions page , but i believe it says it can fold up to 2 sheets at a time . in our experience , it 's pretty finicky and most of my team prefer to fold by hand over using the machine . it 's better if it 's a single fold .
i 'm not sure if it 's the same product as the # 11439 , but it is the dry lift off tape . sorry i ca n't be more help !
yes correct
yes there was 6
i believe it works for all ax brother series but to be safe you should order the ax 10 12 15 20 type . you can find it on amazon , too . the type i bought is for ax 1030 .
could be because the type that it lifts off is black ? i use this product and it works well .
very easy actually . old one pops out and the new one pops in . you might want to take a pic of the old one in place before you pop it out so you can refer back to the original one if you mess up .
i do not know .
press select to get to setting mode . press up or down button to get to date setting . press select again . change flashing digit by pressing up or down button . go to the next digit by pressing right button . when everything is correct press select button . use these same instructions to make any kind of changes in the settings .
! 20v we have two and they are on 24 7. economically programed .
yes it is .
in the front and back where you can see the handles come out , there is an outside pocket for papers in front of the handle
yes you could fit many of them in here . the 3 ring binder is great and very versatile
there is a pad of paper in the back , with no pockets or anything lumpy underneath . also the calendar and other papers are n't on anything lumpy .
within the flap , there is a zipper that goes all around the binder itself . inside , there are 3 pen holders . 2 are on the left side of the binder and 1 pen holder is at the bottom of the right side . there is also 2 compartments on the left side where documents can be placed . additionally , there is a phone holder as well as a small notebook holder
hi , the package says it is 24lb , 98 brightness , 500 sheets , 8 1 2 x 11 '' . i hope this helps !
i do n't see why not ! i 'm using it in a brother laser printer - black only . it 's very smooth and gives good results with both the brother printer and an epson ink jet .
there is nothing visible to me .
these orders are per ream - but i ordered a quantity:10 , and it comes in a case - at the best price i can find for so much of such excellent paper ...
to be honest , i am not really sure if it is or not but what i do know is if you plan to preserve your print on this paper then make sure it is properly encased in something . i pretty sure very few paper can withstand the elements in its rare form . i have printed copies and placed them within a binder and they have lasted for at least two years now and are still in excellent condidtion . i hope this gives you some insight to your question .
it should ; however , i use it on a dell laser printer . some years ago i used it on an hp ink jet printer and as i recall i had great results .
yes
the paper is a nice smooth finish and feels great . it is not a high vanish gloss ( like some laser papers or brochure papers , or what you see on photo paper . ) it is not really heavy enough to be a regular `` heavy weight '' cover stock , but for a top sheet of a report or the front page in a binder , it is very nice and looks classy . it prints extremely well in a laser printer but not recommended for an ink jet .
this paper should work very well with your canon inkjet . some years ago i used this paper on an hp inkjet and it worked fine to my recollection . right now i 'm using it on an hp lazier printer . trust it works out for you .
yes , it 's pretty good for cards . i 've used it a few times for that . this 60lb weight is also sturdier than some `` delicate '' cards found in a stationery or grocery store .
the tires are inflatable .
yes it slides into groves
we have had ours a couple of years and there is no rusting and it is all aluminum . ours folds up . end piece comes off and center of bottom folds together . easy to haul with us in truck or storage .
i dont have sand here but it has large wheels but they are not fat . it could be a chore pulling through deeploose sand .
i went to the manufacturer 's site and did not see any options to order tires . they do have a phone number and email address for ordering . you could probably check with them www.tipkemfg.com . however , the tires appear to be standard 20 '' bicycle tires which are available most anywhere .
the size is 1 3 4 x 20
6 were in mine .
that will depend on how many films are in each folder . a quick way for you to determine the amount of boxes needed would be to measure the total width of all the xray you need to file in folders and divide by the interior measurement of the folder box which is about four and a half inches.that will get you in the ballpark .
it is a 6 pack .
no do n't buy this it a great big piece of junk
yes it does store addresses . i have a lot of issues trying to set this system up and i am regretting the purchase . i am thinking of giving it up all together and keeping the information either in my computer or on my phone . hope this helps .
yes
this thing was the biggest piece of junk i have ever bought i would not suggest it to anyone
this is old school tech . no pc connectivity . all manual entry . it it 's a good , solid organizer with decent touch accuracy for when it was produced but the tech is over 10 years old now
i 'm not sure , i donated mine last year without using it much .
you can trim to the edges to the outer edges of the laminate
yes , works beautifully .
these have a sticky side so i would n't think you would have to do that . sounds like an extra step . they are very easy to use and i have ordered these several times .
i would think that it should work fine . it is fairly flexible so it wo n't be like a hardback book when you finish , but it will be well protected . good luck.woody
yes . the sheets are crystal clear and you can easily cut them with regular scissors . as for the peeling sticker , you will need to trim as much of that off as possible so you get a good seal when you apply the laminating sheet .
these are definitely glossy . : )
i would think so because they are nice and heavy . just make sure you leave enough space around the edges so you can get a good seal .
yes you can . i purchased these for that purpose , and it worked perfectly .
this is clear `` sticky paper '' so when you cut it in half and peel the backing away , you will place your object on the sticky surface . then you will peel the backing away on the second ( half ) piece and place that right on top ( sticky side down ) of the first piece with the object now sandwiched between the two laminating layers . press the entire surface firmly and then trim the excess to about 1 8 '' of the object 's edge . god bless your project .
yes ... only one side of the 'set ' has adhesive . the other is just clear plastic , non-adhesive .
yes , the tags are blank and you can add your own logo or design .
yes . they should be pretty good for your purpose .
they are clear and have held up well for our monthly meetings for almost 2 years now
yes , clips are attached to the `` holder '' as seen in the photo on the front of the box . a great product i 've used in the office for years . easy to create and are well made .
yes -- i created name badges on my computer -- a mac with an mac os-x
yes = amazon.com , avery insert 3x4 name badge insert refillsavery white 3 x 4 inch name badge insert refills 300 count ( 5392 )
the same as any paper
the pages are very secure . they do not tear out easily .
the cover is soft , a lightweight cardboard . my 12 year old daughter has been carrying it in to her back pack to school every day for 3 1 2 months and it is only slightly worn .
no carbon in the notebook , just a computation notebook .
yes , they can go either way ; they are blank .
the tags are 2 1 4 x 3 1 2 '' so yes they will fit your holders
yes .
yes , blank .
yes
yes , i would think so .
through the manual feed slot on my printer .
white
i used the ms word template . after download ; just fill in the label information ; to print , you need to set your printer to custom size and use the manual feed . hope that helps
matte
they are paper and rip easily .
the pin attachment on the back of the badge appears to be open enough to allow hooking onto a lanyard .
the sides are not opened . it is a pocket . but is not super clear transparent . more like a frost .
yes , the pins and the plastic cover . we used them for our reunion and they worked perfectly !
yes . that 's the dimensions i cut my cards to .
i am pretty sure they do n't . i think it 's on the box to accentuate the white label .
i have no problem doing that but i use the online templates at avery.com . no idea why you might be having problems . if you 're printing out of chrome , be sure to uncheck the fit to page setting in the print dialog .
elizabeth , there are 12 labels per sheet , 300 labels total on 25 sheets . these would stick fine to paper or bags . i even use them on lids of canning jars !
i would say , `` yes '' . pretty much like any other avery label if you have ever used them .
yes . once stuck they are on there ! i was placing them on the celo window of a cupcake box and they would n't pull off without leaving some of the backing behind .
yes , i would say it is . its not super sticky just like stickers from a doctors office .
it claims it 's for a laser printer , but i printed my labels on an inkjet ( hp officejet pro 8600 ) . it worked just fine . the ink did n't smear during after printing and looked great . i downloaded the free template from the website .
no . they are just the regular paper labels .
no . i believe they would cover whatever you are trying to hide .
matte
it does n't use an ink cartridge , it uses a ribbon instead . the ribbon in the machine when it arrives is good for aprox . 30 copies of pages or fax reports . i have n't yet to change the ribbon as i use the machine mainly as fax machine and do n't require the fax reports . it works as a copy machine nicely . i hope that this info helps .
it is very easy to replace and i am technically challenged . so if i could do it anyone can . as for the kind of cartridge , i use brothers only .
no
kinda . it 's a special adhesive on both flaps of envelope . when pressed together they get glued pretty well . hope that helps . i 've been using those type of envelopes for a while and have no complaints !
made in usa right on the box !
yup . have n't had an issue where the seal failed or even when wetted , it did n't hold . lick and they stick .
yes . at least i 've never had any problem with them going through my canon laser printer .
no , these are plain security envelopes .
plain paper on rolls . it 's not thermal if that is what you mean .
no , it stays on until you turn it off . this is electric , not battery operated .
if you are referring to a backspace delete button , the answer is `` yes '' .
ink roll yes but only a very small roll of paper . you may want to get more paper
7 wide 12 long included paper holder 2-1 2 high
not at all , you just need to make sure the edge is straight .
no
there is no way to adjust brightness that i am aware . work in an office with 2 ywo tube flourescent fixtures and have no problem readingnumbers
porelon pr42 ink roll . comes in a two pack . office depot
the shelves on the sides can not stand on their own . the shelves can be removed .
while i love my monitor stand , i do n't think it will work for you . even though the speaker shelves are adjustable , they do n't really create a corner piece . even adjusted inward it is still 28 '' across the front and so would be stopped from really molding into the corner if that makes sense ?
if it 's a flatter screen monitor it should work !
i actually just went ahead and bought it . the base is in the shape of a triangle kinda . the front measures about 22 inches across without the 2 attachable extra shelf things , which add a couple more inches each . and the base is about 10 inches deep . it was a little bigger then what i was looking for , but i just decided not to attach the 2 extra shelves and it works ok for me , very sturdy too .
the inside dimension accross ( top ) is really less than 17 inches ; i use the stand for my flat panel monitor solely.underneath the width accross is about 20 3 4 inches for my standard keyboard ( 18 '' ) .the right side is for my standard mouse.i have been very satisfied with the stand ; easy to assemble in just a few minutes.i truly hope this info help you .
i pull up on the glass part with my fingers while pushing down on the little black pieces at the corners - two at a time .
make sure you have the ones that say 'for pop-up note dispensers '' on the package . the regular kind will not work in a dispenser .
it sounds like you 're using regular post-its . for these to work , you need the pop up ones that look like an accordion . ( e.g . http : amzn.to 1c5gq5w )
the clear top part of the dispenser pops off when you push against the corners .
yes . it is under a round piece of plastic that keeps the notes at the top .
no , they wo n't feed correctly
no . it is meant to be on a desk or other flat surface .
yes it is
sorry , i do n't really know . we use it on a sharp cash register .
this paper will work
1 3 4
yes it is .
it is closer to 1 3 4 ''
yes , it is . it works great !
yes . its 44mm x 71.6m
yes , i had no problem and i was happy to get it .
never tried and i seriously doubt it for they got you on this one . i finally broke down and bought a different camera for it was getting way to expansive . i will miss the quick photo dock . people were so amazed when i handed them a photo 5 minutes later . most people will have 1000 's of digital pictures in a computer and never put them in a photo book . nothing like a photo book to kick back and look at or pass along . i swear my wife has a million pics in her camera doing nothing , but technically i ca n't answer your question , but you may want to consider to move on to different camera.best
i checked out the printer and it looks like it uses this paper and ink pack .
i do n't know .
if the cartridge works properly . my last cartridge did not print the top of the picture and when i put in a new cartridge it did the same thing . however , i 'm not sure that something did not happen internally to the `` printer dock '' so i have just set it aside for now .
yes
no it 's a ribbon !
you need a kodak dock
no
yes . this door stop has a thin rubber base that is effective on most surfaces , including carpet .
yes . these doorstops have a rubber base and will not slide . they are solid and have a good weight to them .
the stop is roughly 3 '' tall . i would estimate the rubber and the part beneath are each 1.5 '' .
no , it is a door stop . ( prevents dings in the wall behind the door ) best to use a wedge under a heavy glass door like yours .
yes they are . they so work well .
yes
it looks like they would .
i had to pry the old one out with a paperclip and a paring knife , the new one then just slides in .
no . $ 3.73 at my store for 3
no , it is more for a brochure . regular sized paper folded in half .
i 'd say 6 1 2 wide x 7 1 2 ( at least ) inches tall .
it is 6.6 iches wide . i am using it for 7 '' wide brochures and they have to bend to fit in this . but it works for me.if your booklets are flexible and you dont mind bending them , then it may work for you too . it will be a tight fit .
i adjusted my stand to fit your 7.25 inch cpu and the outside width of the stand will then be 10.25 inches , so it seems that it wo n't work for you . i hope i am not missing anything here but i think i have your question clear . the stand will be 3 inches wider than any cpu size that you put inside .
hello , the curved metal `` holds '' the computer in place . the caster bolts that protrude hide underneath this curve so as you extend the width of the caddy the casters will always be on the outside of your computer . unless you have a very small lightweight computer you will find it very hard to secure your computer even though it sits flush . also of note , the casters are bargain bin cheap .
solid surface just shy of 2 inches .
foam strips with one adhesive side are included . place them were the computer case would touch the stand . i own four of these and have no issues with scratched cases .
michelle asked '' can you use a headset with this phone ? '' yes , michelle , you can use a headset with the panasonic kx-ts3282w desk phone , but their user manual does does a pretty good job of concealing how to do it well . that manual lists several panasonic part-numbered headsets ( easy to find on amazon or ebay ) that plug directly into the 2.5mm headset jack on that phone . what they do not make obvious is that their battery-powered backup system ( for if or when your electric power goes down ) is hooked up only to the handset jack wiring . it is not hooked up to give you backup service for the headset jack 's wiring.if you want to handle most calls with a headset , and if you want to avoid both ( a ) dropped calls when a power outage hits , and ( b ) the inability to make or receive calls during a power outage , i 've found two workarounds that overstock.com ( where i bought my panasonic ) knew nothing about.1 . from bgmicro.com in garland , tx , i ordered a velleman telephone & multimedia headset w mic , their part # hsmt1 . their current website price is $ 18.75 . that headset comes with a critically important adapter ( that i have n't found anywhere else ) that lets you plug in both the 3.5mm microphone plug and the 3.5mm earphone plug ( which also work in a pc 's sound card , so you use skype or other voip communication ) , and the other end of that adapter will plug into the rj9 jack on the panasonic that normally is used for a handset . that gets you up and running for headset calls on the panasonic with the battery backup system functioning.2 . however , my experience with the velleman headset is not to expect more than about six months of useful response from its microphone . never fear -- once the microphone fails to respond loudly enough for your callers to hear you , you still have that critically important adaptor that will work for other brands of headsets , such as the logitech clearchat stereo headset , model # 981-000009 ( typically available on amazon and sometimes ebay , for around $ 10 ) . several other headsets i tried with via that adapter on the panasonic desk phone did not work , but the logitech clearchat model above did , so i had no need to test more models.again , both headsets that i found to work can also be plugged into a pc 's sound card handle your skype or other voip conversations , or just private listening needs when the microphone is n't needed . they 've both worked for magicjack plus calls via a laptop with wifi . just expect the microphone on the logitech to last a lot longer than on the velleman , but you need the velleman first to get that critical adapter . michelle asked '' can you use a headset with this phone ? '' yes , michelle , you can use a headset with the panasonic kx-ts3282w desk phone , but their user manual does does a pretty good job of concealing how to do it well . that manual lists several panasonic part-numbered headsets ( easy to find on amazon or ebay ) that plug directly into the 2.5mm headset jack on that phone . what they do not make obvious is that their battery-powered backup system ( for if or when your electric power goes down ) is hooked up only to the handset jack wiring . it is not hooked up to give ... » read more michelle asked '' can you use a headset with this phone ? '' yes , michelle , you can use a headset with the panasonic kx-ts3282w desk phone , but their user manual does does a pretty good job of concealing how to do it well . that manual lists several panasonic part-numbered headsets ( easy to find on amazon or ebay ) that plug directly into the 2.5mm headset jack on that phone . what they do not make obvious is that their battery-powered backup system ( for if or when your electric power goes down ) is hooked up only to the handset jack wiring . it is not hooked up to give you backup service for the headset jack 's wiring.if you want to handle most calls with a headset , and if you want to avoid both ( a ) dropped calls when a power outage hits , and ( b ) the inability to make or receive calls during a power outage , i 've found two workarounds that overstock.com ( where i bought my panasonic ) knew nothing about.1 . from bgmicro.com in garland , tx , i ordered a velleman telephone & multimedia headset w mic , their part # hsmt1 . their current website price is $ 18.75 . that headset comes with a critically important adapter ( that i have n't found anywhere else ) that lets you plug in both the 3.5mm microphone plug and the 3.5mm earphone plug ( which also work in a pc 's sound card , so you use skype or other voip communication ) , and the other end of that adapter will plug into the rj9 jack on the panasonic that normally is used for a handset . that gets you up and running for headset calls on the panasonic with the battery backup system functioning.2 . however , my experience with the velleman headset is not to expect more than about six months of useful response from its microphone . never fear -- once the microphone fails to respond loudly enough for your callers to hear you , you still have that critically important adaptor that will work for other brands of headsets , such as the logitech clearchat stereo headset , model # 981-000009 ( typically available on amazon and sometimes ebay , for around $ 10 ) . several other headsets i tried with via that adapter on the panasonic desk phone did not work , but the logitech clearchat model above did , so i had no need to test more models.again , both headsets that i found to work can also be plugged into a pc 's sound card handle your skype or other voip conversations , or just private listening needs when the microphone is n't needed . they 've both worked for magicjack plus calls via a laptop with wifi . just expect the microphone on the logitech to last a lot longer than on the velleman , but you need the velleman first to get that critical adapter . « show less
4-3 8 '' with hand set in place , including wall phone jack assembly
yes it does have a hold buttonon the mid section area right hand button and it 's yes also to all the rest your other question asked.i hope this helps .
the phones uses a power cord for notmal operstion and batteries for memory when and if power goes out .
i 'll try . it 's been years since i set up our 6 phones . the extensions were easy to set up by just going into function edit mode and scrolling to assign extension # . then identify the various extensions you 've connected to your phone lines and assign each one a number as shown from 1 -8 and make a note for yourself so later you can write the location of the extensions on each of the phones . it 's very intuitive once you 've been a little patient and have taken a few minutes to study it . if you mess up then you can go back and use erase button to clean it up and start over . once done you can forget it as i have ! i 'll try . it 's been years since i set up our 6 phones . the extensions were easy to set up by just going into function edit mode and scrolling to assign extension # . then identify the various extensions you 've connected to your phone lines and assign each one a number as shown from 1 -8 and make a note for yourself so later you can write the location of the extensions on each of the phones . it 's very intuitive once you 've been a little patient and have taken a few minutes to study it . if you mess up then you can go back and use erase button to clean it up and start over . once done you can ... » read more i 'll try . it 's been years since i set up our 6 phones . the extensions were easy to set up by just going into function edit mode and scrolling to assign extension # . then identify the various extensions you 've connected to your phone lines and assign each one a number as shown from 1 -8 and make a note for yourself so later you can write the location of the extensions on each of the phones . it 's very intuitive once you 've been a little patient and have taken a few minutes to study it . if you mess up then you can go back and use erase button to clean it up and start over . once done you can forget it as i have ! « show less
no pbx needed . this intercom works by depressing another phones # , in my case 1 , 2 , 3 , or 4 , and it will ring to that phone with a different sounding chime to alert the intended person you want to speak with . so far , i have been pleased with these phones . they can also be on the phone at the same time of your intended effort to speak with them via intercom . good luck .
it can take two separate cords for two lines , or one cord that carries two lines .
no , the lcd screen is not back lit , so you really need to supply some external light . i use a small string of cheap led lights on a usb connected gooseneck so i can position the light correctly . with such lighting , you should expect that the panel angle will need adjusting , depending on how tall you are and where you sit relative to the phone . such adjusting is typically a matter of inserting some kind of pad under the rear-most part of the phone case , and perhaps rotating the phone a little to square it with where you sit . instead of dismissing the phone for not offering perfection on the lighting issue , consider that the solution i just described is a very small price to pay , since that feature-filled 2-line phone is a super-reliable workhorse in so many ways . no , the lcd screen is not back lit , so you really need to supply some external light . i use a small string of cheap led lights on a usb connected gooseneck so i can position the light correctly . with such lighting , you should expect that the panel angle will need adjusting , depending on how tall you are and where you sit relative to the phone . such adjusting is typically a matter of inserting some kind of pad under the rear-most part of the phone case , and perhaps rotating the phone a little to square it with where you sit . instead of dismissing the phone for not offering perfection on the ... » read more no , the lcd screen is not back lit , so you really need to supply some external light . i use a small string of cheap led lights on a usb connected gooseneck so i can position the light correctly . with such lighting , you should expect that the panel angle will need adjusting , depending on how tall you are and where you sit relative to the phone . such adjusting is typically a matter of inserting some kind of pad under the rear-most part of the phone case , and perhaps rotating the phone a little to square it with where you sit . instead of dismissing the phone for not offering perfection on the lighting issue , consider that the solution i just described is a very small price to pay , since that feature-filled 2-line phone is a super-reliable workhorse in so many ways . « show less
as i remember you should use same model ( or its black version ) only ( ? ) to have extensions available .
they are side loading . i used some adhesive tabs to hold pictures in place . it would not be good for an album that is handled a lot . i used them to hold very old 8x10s that i wanted to get out of frames . worked really well for that .
it just slips over the page and does n't attached to anything . i ca n't say that i 'm a big fan of it but when i was looking for something in this size this was the only option available so for lack of any better option it works .
they open on 3 sides .
the protectors are exactly the size they say they are however my scrapbook pages are wider , since they slip on , on one side the length being open , i adapted it with the length from extra sheets with pretty tape or clear tape and decorations . all depends how perfectionist you are .
if you need the windows 7 drivers for this printer , all you have to do is go to hp 's website and go to support and drivers and download the drivers for your particular operating system
when you change a ink cartridge , take the other one out also and shake it ... . never use discount cartridges ... turn the printer off and start again and or reboot the computer or sending devise ...
no ... i have 4 and never needed one ... i think it just depends on how old your operating system is ...
yes it is . just download the driver from hp 's website .
no it does not .
goop is great , but not for extreme temperatures .
it 's of a very thick consistency and the outer surface starts forming a skin within a minuter or so . in small amounts it dries to a gloss surface , but it definitely would have no `` leveling '' property with a sponge roller .
8 hrs or over night
i do not believe so . they make goop for plastics , metal , glass and everything in-between . it will say it on the package . i used a general purpose to hold magnets on the back of cardboard , but did not work on metal to wood .
it drys like rubber so if you got it so you could n't see edges you could paint over it just use thin layer ... .
as far as i know it will stick anything together . i glued a 6ft 2x4 to the side of my workbench and it is on there forever .
this glue is strong if you are gluing one piece on top of another but i would use a differnent type of glue to fill gaps , like construction glue in a tube . what is it you are trying to glue ?
i never use the applicator . but instead if required use a wood piece to apply the goop to the surfaces to be joined .
it will definitely glue glass to just about anything you want .
some will argue that it is not `` precise enough '' for the task at hand . i use it primarily for cutting stacks of bulletins , announcements , and some posters.so far , when cutting smaller stacks of heavyweight paper , it 's been precise to about 1 32 of an inch . if you cram the paper in beyond what is suggested , you will likely encounter a problem . the green plastic holder you see just beside the blade is very snug on the paper or card stock when the lock is in the proper place . if you forget to lock it , well , it will move ! that is not the fault of the cutter . several staff members have used and like the precision of the cutter . no complaints from us ! it is an extreme improvement over what we have had in the past . some will argue that it is not `` precise enough '' for the task at hand . i use it primarily for cutting stacks of bulletins , announcements , and some posters.so far , when cutting smaller stacks of heavyweight paper , it 's been precise to about 1 32 of an inch . if you cram the paper in beyond what is suggested , you will likely encounter a problem . the green plastic holder you see just beside the blade is very snug on the paper or card stock when the lock is in the proper place . if you forget to lock it , well , it will move ! that is not the fault of the cutter . several staff ... » read more some will argue that it is not `` precise enough '' for the task at hand . i use it primarily for cutting stacks of bulletins , announcements , and some posters.so far , when cutting smaller stacks of heavyweight paper , it 's been precise to about 1 32 of an inch . if you cram the paper in beyond what is suggested , you will likely encounter a problem . the green plastic holder you see just beside the blade is very snug on the paper or card stock when the lock is in the proper place . if you forget to lock it , well , it will move ! that is not the fault of the cutter . several staff members have used and like the precision of the cutter . no complaints from us ! it is an extreme improvement over what we have had in the past . « show less
the specifications say 36 pieces of what i call photocopy paper . it would easily do 8-10 sheets . i can not recommend this trimmer enough . just love it .
the gridded area is 12x12 . the maximum dimension to cut is 12 inches . a piece of paper longer than 12 inches in one dimension can be securely held in place for cutting , extending out to the left of the gridded area , as long as the length of the side being cut is no more than 12 inches .
i was very confused as well ; however , i ordered one and on the box it says `` dc-210n heavy duty 12 '' trimmer '' . the item number is cui12210 . so they are not different ; they are the same trimmer.i wanted to add that i love this trimmer ! i needed to cut calendar handouts the size of a business card which required exact cutting and this is perfect ! best trimmer i ever bought . for those of you who just want a paper cutter and no need for the clamping down of paper for a precise cut then buy a regular paper cutter . do n't be confused with a trimmer which is very exact for needs like photos , or printing which needs to be precisely cut . i am so excited to be able to have something which clamps down the paper so it does n't move when cutting . i was very confused as well ; however , i ordered one and on the box it says `` dc-210n heavy duty 12 '' trimmer '' . the item number is cui12210 . so they are not different ; they are the same trimmer.i wanted to add that i love this trimmer ! i needed to cut calendar handouts the size of a business card which required exact cutting and this is perfect ! best trimmer i ever bought . for those of you who just want a paper cutter and no need for the clamping down of paper for a precise cut then buy a regular paper cutter . do n't be confused with a trimmer which is very exact ... » read more i was very confused as well ; however , i ordered one and on the box it says `` dc-210n heavy duty 12 '' trimmer '' . the item number is cui12210 . so they are not different ; they are the same trimmer.i wanted to add that i love this trimmer ! i needed to cut calendar handouts the size of a business card which required exact cutting and this is perfect ! best trimmer i ever bought . for those of you who just want a paper cutter and no need for the clamping down of paper for a precise cut then buy a regular paper cutter . do n't be confused with a trimmer which is very exact for needs like photos , or printing which needs to be precisely cut . i am so excited to be able to have something which clamps down the paper so it does n't move when cutting . « show less
please check the specs for the types of blades included with the unit.i have not changed them , but from what i have read , and what i can see , the blades seem very easy to change .
the black fixed horizontal guides ( perpendicular to the cutting rotary blade ) at the top and bottom are 12 inches apart , so that 's the maximum size of the paper you could lay flat on the paper cutter . the rotary wheel itself would cut a little longer ( about 12-1 4 inches ) but you would have to wedge your paper in from the opposite side ( not on the flat guide , but from the blade side on the right ) for that , so it would only work for a narrow strip . this is an excellent paper cutter , but it 's limited to the 12 inch width .
cutter is a nice piece to have , not exactly sure how many sheets it will cut at one time , as i have not counted them , but it should be able to handle what it says , one note is , the more paper you have in , the more pressure you need to put when cutting , also you may have to do multiple passes . i still prefer this model of the other type where the bar goes up and down , those we had at work and after 6 months the blade needs adjustment and more times than not would need replacement . this unit lasts longer and is easy to change a blade when needed .
i have never cut anything laminated , but i think it would . the blade is very sharp and cuts good .
grey black
yes
yes . it is metal with a slip resistant surface . very solid materials .
the height can be locked . the angle can not be locked , unfortunately . it does roll to an angle either way .
i 'm unable to provide the information requested . i purchased 2 at the same time because i could not decide which of the two to purchase . this was the one i returned .
about 6 '' at the back , but it starts at 2 '' above the floor at front . so the rise is 4 '' in the 13 '' from front to back .
it only elevates upward about 1-1.5 inches ... not much but noticeable .
it 's metal but all you need to do is add a piece of the rubberized shelf lining and you 're good to go . the metal is not sharp but i protect it anyway . i love this foot rest .
it is hard to see , but the card stock is scored . as you start the fold , the paper `` gives way '' at the center and shows you where the score is . just press along that score to create the fold .
no , this is not glossy , just textured .
i like textured better because it has the feel of a greeting card more than just a thick piece piece of paper . this is not photographic paper so images are not as sharp l - more artistic then photographic .
mac os x lion 10.7.5 is the version of the computer that i have . i use print shop 2 to make half-fold greeting cards . the avery paper works fine . it is nice paper and almost all of my cards come out looking good . it is not the fault of the paper when they do n't look good . i hope i 've answered your question .
the thickness was sufficient for my need .
yes ... i think so ... it 's just thick paper with score for fold .
yes
yes , you can !
no it does not .
i assume you are asking how many u.s. first-class postage stamps are required to mail an avery `` greeting '' card . if so , the the answer is a single stamp is all that is required , assuming nothing else is in the envelope . great card stock . very attractive .
yes
it 's designed for laser printers so i would n't risk buying 300 sheets to try on an inkjet .
yes no problems
i printed an entire color photo book with this paper . i love it . since its laser , there would n't be any bleed anyway . toner is basically dry .
they come in a sturdy plastic covering that unfolds to expose the top half , but it does n't have a stand like the pens
no they are n't very `` wet '' if that makes sense . however i have used them constantly and they have never run out .
the darker colors tend to bleed through thin paper ( purple , blue , turquoise ) but the lighter colors do n't really ( pink , green , orange ) . i have not had a problem with yellow bleeding thru .
unfortunately i can only locate the pink , orange and yellow highlighters - the pink is definitely pink . sorry not to be more help .
no but i carry them in this case all the time . it 's not as sturdy but it gets the job done . they are the best highlighters ever
yes , some of them do . i got out an old blacklight and checked all the colors . yellow , orange , and red are brilliant . green just glows , and purple , blue , and bluegreen do n't .
yes . especially if you use the purple . btw , these are the most awesome highlighters that have ever been made . : d you will not regret buying them , i promise .
2017
it is self-inking . i would say you just refill the ink in the stamp .
mine was 2009 till 2014 .
mine does not have a blank message space . i did perform a quick experiment : a piece of 1 '' masking tape will easily attach to the bottom of the stamper and prevent the message from printing , allowing only the date to print . i bought mine in 2011 and it goes to 2016 , so i presume the stamper will go 5 years beyond whatever year you buy it in ( this seems typical of most year stampers ) .
black
no , the colored tabs on these file folders are not removeable . i use removable clear file folder labels with them . hope this helps .
if i understand your question correctly , yes they are open , they are not like an envelope . i hope that assists you .
no they are fixed color tabs .
three sided
yes , they are very nice folders , i am a cpa and we use them all the time . we dont use the tabs , we just put a sheet of paper with the name of the file as the first sheet in the file and you can see it through the clear plastic
unfortunately no , the punch heads are riveted to the base and stationary . hope this helps . kevin
not sure what size desk size is ; if it is the 81 2 by 11ish , then no . this is for the classic size-5 by 8 ish size
this punch is not adjustable . i just measured and it looks like it will work for your 3 hole but with 4 extra holes .
yes , it should . it works perfectly for two different 7 hole planners that i own .
works great with avery 5.5 '' x 8.5 '' binders . it does creates 4 extra holes .
darren , i made a mistake in my previous answer to your question . i hope it is not too late . the hole punch is perfect for the 8.5 x 5.5 day planner sheets ; this is the exact size i use . ( i misread the size you asked about , believing it read 8.5 x 11 ) . sorry for the inconvenience .
the holes do not line up with the filofax a5 = (
hi maria . i just looked at a picture of the planner pads loose leaf 7 ring binder . based on that picture , this franklin covey 22997 punch wil not work for the planner pads . the arrangement of the rings on the planner pads is different from the franklin covey . this franklin covey punch is not adjustable . hope this helps . kevin
it will do so , perfectly , imho ; that 's how i 'm using it . it 's small , but a very heavy-duty item ; probably weighs 2-3 pounds . will probably last a hundred years . i was really surprised at the heft and quality of the unit .
sarah , these hanging folder bins are designed to hook over a standard office partition which can be up to 3 inches wide . i think they will hang over a door just fine . they also are convertable to wall mounting , and come with mounting hardware for a wall , so there is always that option if you need to put it on the back of a door .
i 've only found this item in the three pocket version . hanging it 's about 21.5 inches from top to bottom . its extremely sturdy and looks good . the pockets are not wide , so they do n't hold a great deal of materials but it 's really terrific for keeping those files at hand that you need to work on each day .
with a couole of drywall anchors and a screw it will . t be part that goes over the cubicle comes off .
i 'm not sure as i did n't use it over a door . i would think it would fit over the door but it would depend on how much room is at the top of your door whether or nto it would close . i really liked it as i had a very small office .
about 5-6 inches
most of the time i find it stays separated from the roll , depending on where or how i place it when i 'm through using it . i use this for my job on a daily basis and just love it . however when using a weaker thinner brand tape it 's best to fold the outer end of tape under a smigin to prevent from sticking to the roll and never finding the end again . hope this was helpful ?
it 's a very sturdy plastic . i believe the cutting teeth are metal though.honestly , this dispenser is great . we 've tried 3 or 4 other ones and hated them all for one reason or another . after we decided this was the winner , we bought a few more for the warehouse . everyone likes them , and they 've held up great .
unfortunately , there is not .
designed fir 2 '' wide rolls of packing tape . try a filament tape dispenser .
yes
no it is a serial port
if by `` continuous feed '' you mean does it automatically load the paper until the printing job is complete then the answer is yes . you will need the proper type of paper however . this printer is a beast . we call our first one ole betsy . she 's 8 and still runs great everyday . tip - toner ribbons are hard to find . note - we have n't been able to get this printer to work with windows 8. epson needs to update the drivers .
no . this is a narrow carriage unit . 9.5 x 11 ''
we use a 4 part carbonless form for invoicing without issues
have n't tested on windows 8 , but i have tested on windows 7 professional .
it is .
printer speed , characters per second .
everything i have says it is 5 mils thick . media size letter : 8.50 '' x 11 '' media weight : 48.00 lb media thickness : 5 mil print technology : inkjet surface finish : glossy brightness percentage : 98 % opacity percentage : 98 % features : double-sided
hi norma , yes , i would say so . i use this paper for presentations that have photos in them , and they come out very nice . the only thing that i will say , is that the paper is not quite as thick and as photo paper , and not quite as much of a `` glassy '' look , so if you are okay with those small differences , then i am sure you will be happy with this paper for creating home photo books . i would not use it for printing photos that i was going to frame . hope that helps ! - larry
it would be kind of thick , but it does fold . i use this paper primarily for cd inserts , and the thickest i 've gone is three sheets , or 12 sides folded in half . ( i also use a straight-edge to flatten the fold . )
yes it is glossy on both sides . my boxes say : 'inkjet glossy . ideal for color-intensive brochures and flyers . dual-sided printing . brochure paper 180gm glossy . ' `heavyweight , coated glossy finish for photo-qualtiiy images on both sides 98 brightness'.i design and print xmas cards each year . this is the paper i use and i get great results.i use it with canon inks . they seem to take a bit longer to dry . the paper with my inks takes about 20 seconds to dry . it is not a problem when i manually turn the paper to print on the 2nd side.but if i set my printers to auto print on both sides , i set them to maximum dry time to insure the one side is dry before it auto duplex prints on the other . yes it is glossy on both sides . my boxes say : 'inkjet glossy . ideal for color-intensive brochures and flyers . dual-sided printing . brochure paper 180gm glossy . ' `heavyweight , coated glossy finish for photo-qualtiiy images on both sides 98 brightness'.i design and print xmas cards each year . this is the paper i use and i get great results.i use it with canon inks . they seem to take a bit longer to dry . the paper with my inks takes about 20 seconds to dry . it is not a problem when i manually turn the paper to print on the 2nd side.but if i set my printers to auto ... » read more yes it is glossy on both sides . my boxes say : 'inkjet glossy . ideal for color-intensive brochures and flyers . dual-sided printing . brochure paper 180gm glossy . ' `heavyweight , coated glossy finish for photo-qualtiiy images on both sides 98 brightness'.i design and print xmas cards each year . this is the paper i use and i get great results.i use it with canon inks . they seem to take a bit longer to dry . the paper with my inks takes about 20 seconds to dry . it is not a problem when i manually turn the paper to print on the 2nd side.but if i set my printers to auto print on both sides , i set them to maximum dry time to insure the one side is dry before it auto duplex prints on the other . « show less
they 're not `` card stock '' but are they are a nice glossy stock . i used mine to custom print dvd case inserts . hope that helps you .
the page is carefully worded , but i got a paper with the cartridge titles `` q &a; about remanufactured cartridges . amazon need to require titles to be clear .
i did not see one ..like i said it was fake re package toner . i throw it in the garbage since it leaked and spilled in my printer
1 toner only .
yes , i believe it is .
add paper and pus blinking light . or you may have a piece of paper stuck in paper feed area .
there 's a door on the back that pops open . turn the printer around , pull the lever at the end to the side and open it up , reach in and pull out the paper , then replace the door . it 's not hard to do , though it took me several years of ownership to find it !
it may have died .
no , thanks
no
no
hp56 & hp57 cartriges
i have never notice that but i do see now it do n't work but we still pretty without light but it will be easy @ night to have a light give me something to think about
yes .
nope just a simple push button phone . you can hook an external answering machine to it .
sorry we do n't know about any made by another company and we are not aware of it having cancer causing chemicals .
correct . no caller id . no answering machine . plain old fashion phone .
i am not to familiar with the modern day stuff but i do no it pretty pink and sound so beautiful when it rings the ringer do not ring loud so if you have a problem with your hearing you might want to think twice it just rings low so neat i love it sorry i could not help you , any thing worth a try if you like it if you do n't like it send it back
i am not to familiar with the modern day stuff but i do no it pretty pink and sound so beautiful when it rings the ringer do not ring loud so if you have a problem with your hearing you might want to think twice it just rings low so neat i love it sorry i could not help you , any thing worth a try if you like it if you do n't like it send it back
i have never notice that but i do see now it do n't work but we still pretty without light but it will be easy @ night to have a light give me something to think about
sorry we do n't know about any made by another company and we are not aware of it having cancer causing chemicals .
nope just a simple push button phone . you can hook an external answering machine to it .
yes .
correct . no caller id . no answering machine . plain old fashion phone .
i never looked into this but i would rather doubt it unless of course you were to find it on e-bay etc . i would be very careful buying any part of this phone second hand as the quality and durability are sorely lacking . good luck !
if the cabinet is plastic then it 's a very good imitation of oak wood . my phone cabinet looks like wood and feels like wood , but i would n't bet the ranch that it is n't laminated particle board . it could also be composite material but unless i take it off the wall and cut it apart i ca n't say for sure what it 's made of . i do believe though that there is oak wood in the cabinet construction and it 's appearance it very good . however i do n't give it great marks on it 's operational abilities . the speaker phone no longer works and it does n't do a good job on volume control . the ringer was so low i had to buy an external ringer so i knew when the phone rang . if the cabinet is plastic then it 's a very good imitation of oak wood . my phone cabinet looks like wood and feels like wood , but i would n't bet the ranch that it is n't laminated particle board . it could also be composite material but unless i take it off the wall and cut it apart i ca n't say for sure what it 's made of . i do believe though that there is oak wood in the cabinet construction and it 's appearance it very good . however i do n't give it great marks on it 's operational abilities . the speaker phone no longer works and it does n't do a good job on volume control . the ringer was so low ... » read more if the cabinet is plastic then it 's a very good imitation of oak wood . my phone cabinet looks like wood and feels like wood , but i would n't bet the ranch that it is n't laminated particle board . it could also be composite material but unless i take it off the wall and cut it apart i ca n't say for sure what it 's made of . i do believe though that there is oak wood in the cabinet construction and it 's appearance it very good . however i do n't give it great marks on it 's operational abilities . the speaker phone no longer works and it does n't do a good job on volume control . the ringer was so low i had to buy an external ringer so i knew when the phone rang . « show less
you can go to home depot and buy the tool to fix it but the tool is very expensive . try going to your local phone company and see if they will put a new end on it ? just be aware that these phones are very staticey , mine looks good but really can not be used .
yes
everything is plastic except the ringers cups on the top front .
no , just a normal twisted pair that you would hook up to any other analog phone . the bells on the top front are only decoration ( not that you would need an extra electrical hook up for working bells to normally ring , but not sure why you were asking ) .
no it just spins for show . the bells are n't functional either . it has new digital insides and a speaker on the side .
it does sit on the phone jack as long as the jack has the correct hardware . there should be 2 screws vertically that can be backed out in order to hang phone . you could also run a line to the jack if you do n't mind it being visible .
no , but they 'll send a whole new phone . we got our second one , but the static on it still renders it only a decorative item at this point . we really wasted money with this one .
there is exactly 22 '' between the two top shelves . i have a 22 '' lg hd tv i use as a monitor in that space . the 2 top shelves are 15 '' wide x 19 '' deep and would hold the other two monitors at an angle towards the operator , but would take up the speaker space . you can always hang speakers on the wall ! ; - ) if you elevate your large center monitor a few inches you will be able to watch all 3 screens without having to look up and down a lot . i have owned this desk for a long time and i still love it l !
23 inches from edge to edge on the shelves if your mac is more then no . measure your mac from edge to edge
about 9 and 1 4 inches from the center w just under 3 inches between shelf and keyboard . also , the keyboard tray is about 39 inches wide . the advantage is there is lots of room for stuff on your keyboard tray . the disadvantage is there is always lots of stuff on your keyboard tray .
the total width of the desk is 51.7 inches . your equation did n't account for 6.7 inches of that space . [ 51.7 '' ( total width ) - 45 '' ( monitor shelf width ) ] . you 'll notice that the 2 top shelves stick out to the sides a little bit which means there is actually more than 14.5 inches horizontally for a monitor . my calculations show 21.2 inches of horizontal space between the 2 top shelves .
the clearance from the bottom surface area of the unit to the keyboard tray is approximately 22 3 4 '' . the clearance from the keyboard tray ( which i do n't use ) to the main surface area ( where i keep my keyboard ) is approximately 2 3 4 '' . the clearance from the main surface area to the shelf above that is approximately 3 3 4 '' . the clearance from the shelf to the shelves on the right and left of the unit where the speakers are located in the pic is approximately just less than 5 '' .
41 '' . it really is a nice looking piece of furniturel
yes , very well . i bought 2 ( or 3 , i do n't remember ) specifically for use with fountain pens and they work great . nice bright white paper , no bleedthrough or feathering . i use mostly diamine inks .
aj , excellent question . no to both questions . i like the outside cover but the paper is shiny which i do not like .
my particular model does not have numbered pages . a great idea though , maybe you should suggest it to black n red or whoever owns it , that would be really nice to have as a standard feature . i will add that these red n black 's something which is cool and not found in every notebook : a small map-timezone chart , alist of weights and measurement conversions , and an topic-index to help organize at the beginning which are helpful and fun , as well as a pocket to hold loose papers in . i will recommend the notebook fully even without the numbered pages . it far exceeds the moleskin notebooks in price and especially performance if you are using a fountain pen . if you are a writing equipment snob as i consider myself to be , i would be surprised if you did n't like these notebooks . they are relatively inexpensive consdereing the paper is of the same caliber as rhodia- and rhodia is a great notebook but somewhat pricier , and the binding 's are better and more functional in my own experience.good luck- nick ps : from one notebook user to another , i came across a webpage through a third party today you may be interested in , and i have absolutely no ties or interests in the company just fyi , the website is called nanamipaper.com and i am considering ordering some cool notebooks on their site . the `` kyotuto cambridge a4 wire notebook '' looks really awesome and of the highest quality . my reason for mentioning this is because i was actually considering ordering one of their notebooks to see if it stands up to my red `` n black notebooks which are currently my favorite notebook.best- nick one caveat is that the hardcover binding on the one amazon said your question was about : the hardcover is good by any standards , but what i would go for is the hardvcover version that has a spiral side binding- for more flexibility- instead of the regular fully hardcover one . i have used both , and greatly prefer the hardcover with spiral binding on the side because it stays open when it sits with both pages open , unlike the fully hardcover one which tends to start closing back again if left alone for a little while after fully opening it . but i imagine either choice will make yo satisfied , so do n't let my idiosyncracies deter you from what you want , i know we all have certain inexplicable preferences ! happy writing ! my particular model does not have numbered pages . a great idea though , maybe you should suggest it to black n red or whoever owns it , that would be really nice to have as a standard feature . i will add that these red n black 's something which is cool and not found in every notebook : a small map-timezone chart , alist of weights and measurement conversions , and an topic-index to help organize at the beginning which are helpful and fun , as well as a pocket to hold loose papers in . i will recommend the notebook fully even without the numbered pages . it far exceeds the moleskin notebooks in ... » read more my particular model does not have numbered pages . a great idea though , maybe you should suggest it to black n red or whoever owns it , that would be really nice to have as a standard feature . i will add that these red n black 's something which is cool and not found in every notebook : a small map-timezone chart , alist of weights and measurement conversions , and an topic-index to help organize at the beginning which are helpful and fun , as well as a pocket to hold loose papers in . i will recommend the notebook fully even without the numbered pages . it far exceeds the moleskin notebooks in price and especially performance if you are using a fountain pen . if you are a writing equipment snob as i consider myself to be , i would be surprised if you did n't like these notebooks . they are relatively inexpensive consdereing the paper is of the same caliber as rhodia- and rhodia is a great notebook but somewhat pricier , and the binding 's are better and more functional in my own experience.good luck- nick ps : from one notebook user to another , i came across a webpage through a third party today you may be interested in , and i have absolutely no ties or interests in the company just fyi , the website is called nanamipaper.com and i am considering ordering some cool notebooks on their site . the `` kyotuto cambridge a4 wire notebook '' looks really awesome and of the highest quality . my reason for mentioning this is because i was actually considering ordering one of their notebooks to see if it stands up to my red `` n black notebooks which are currently my favorite notebook.best- nick one caveat is that the hardcover binding on the one amazon said your question was about : the hardcover is good by any standards , but what i would go for is the hardvcover version that has a spiral side binding- for more flexibility- instead of the regular fully hardcover one . i have used both , and greatly prefer the hardcover with spiral binding on the side because it stays open when it sits with both pages open , unlike the fully hardcover one which tends to start closing back again if left alone for a little while after fully opening it . but i imagine either choice will make yo satisfied , so do n't let my idiosyncracies deter you from what you want , i know we all have certain inexplicable preferences ! happy writing ! « show less
looks like 96 individual double sided pages . writing on both sides is not a problem , there is no bleed-through .
no the sheets are not perforated but this is a great composition book that holds up great !
it is standard rule , not college ruled like some individuals have commented . it says so in the picture , and is quite apparent if you pick one up .
yes
hello mohammad , the paper is very heavy and i can not see ballpoint pen through the paper on the other side . i hope that helps !
the paper is bright white like snow . on the scale of 1-100 i would say it is a 96. i compared it to my bright , white hp paper to reach that conclusion .
based on the books i have i would call it wide ruled . i believe college ruled has narrow lines . this is comfortable spacing which is probably why there is no actual indication of either ruled type . and , hard cover is the best especially if you need to use your lap . : )
yes , it is . hardcover both sides .
it is ruled . there are 22 lines per page with a top and bottom margin .
it is smooth coated dipped heavy cardboard . not rough but also not as slick as plastic . i love it . can write without a hard surface to lean on . steady .
i would describe the line color as light gray . in my opinion the rules are just dark enough to clearly delineate the lines and are not distracting .
no there is not .
140 pages is printed on the cover of my notebook
straight ruled
i ordered a few of these and was disappointed in the length . they were maybe 3 '' long at the most .
mine is heavy duty 4 ''
about 4 inches
it was just one .
i got mine at amazon.com , here : http : www.amazon.com s ref=nb_sb_ss_i_1_24 ? url=search-alias % 3daps &field-keywords; =fiskars+paper+trimmer+replacement+parts &sprefix; =fiskars+paper+trimmer+re % 2caps % 2c208
yes , it seems to be the same . i use mine for trimming photos and it works very well .
it 's ok for small projects . i still ca n't figure out the parameters . guess i am a numbers disadvantaged person.and , yes , you can use it for cardstock . works fine .
5 .
it ca n't be done . i even called royal and they admitted that it ca n't be done . display runs all of the time .
yes
quick answer is yes it does but you have to enter a code to get the printed report on the register tape . there is an electronic journal that according to the operations manual can store up to 5460 lines of transactions . this total also includes the amount of times the `` no sale '' button is pushed to open the register . the journal can be run at the end of the day to clear it 's memory . otherwise the register will just store transactions until the memory is full at which time you will need to clear the journal to keep storing any further transactions . the clearing of the journal can be done using the mode key in the `` z '' position at which time the register will print a report and clear the journal . if the journal memory is maxed out , the register sends an error message and you have the option of printing out a report and clearing the journal or clearing the memory without getting a printed report . quick answer is yes it does but you have to enter a code to get the printed report on the register tape . there is an electronic journal that according to the operations manual can store up to 5460 lines of transactions . this total also includes the amount of times the `` no sale '' button is pushed to open the register . the journal can be run at the end of the day to clear it 's memory . otherwise the register will just store transactions until the memory is full at which time you will need to clear the journal to keep storing any further transactions . the clearing of the journal can be ... » read more quick answer is yes it does but you have to enter a code to get the printed report on the register tape . there is an electronic journal that according to the operations manual can store up to 5460 lines of transactions . this total also includes the amount of times the `` no sale '' button is pushed to open the register . the journal can be run at the end of the day to clear it 's memory . otherwise the register will just store transactions until the memory is full at which time you will need to clear the journal to keep storing any further transactions . the clearing of the journal can be done using the mode key in the `` z '' position at which time the register will print a report and clear the journal . if the journal memory is maxed out , the register sends an error message and you have the option of printing out a report and clearing the journal or clearing the memory without getting a printed report . « show less
no . and if you 're smart , you 'll walk away from this cash register . we 've used 5 of them and had big problems with all of them . finally bought a couple of casio registers , and all my problems went away . the casio is a little more expensive , but well worth the extra $ $ . have n't had a bit of problems with them . the royal registers are junk . and i do mean junk . wasted several hundred dollars on them , & none of them worked worth a darn .
yes
yes
when you peel the sticker off to use it the adhesive is in the proper shape of the cut-out you inserted . no trimming required .
yes ! my kids now 6 & 8 have been using this for a year !
yes ! it can fit itty bitty pieces ! i 've put pieces that were pretty small and it works great !
peel off but if you go around the edges of the image you have less stringy glue you have to run off
yes..when showed how to do it..they could .
yes ! just shake it a little and it comes out !
yes it does come with a roll of adhesive
i 'd say that this scanner is , or probably should be obsolete . this item was purchased new for our royal . it really never did a good job of scanning . it would require several passes over the bar code to get a reading , and some times it would not read the bar code at all . this resulted in the numbers would have to be entered by hand.the concept was good , but it seems as though this scanner was one of the designs in the early development days of this type scanner . before purchasing this particular model , i would contact royal , ( an old name in typewriters ) and inquire if there is a newer , more up to date scanner that has an improved electrical scanning reading design . if you decide to purchase one of these scanners , pay by credit card . doing this gives you a place to fall back on if the scanner does n't perform correctly . keep your receipt . you may need it . keep the box it came in if you need to return it , and need a shipping box . over all , we were displeased with this unit and soon disconnected it and entered information by hand because it was faster and less frustrating . i 'd say that this scanner is , or probably should be obsolete . this item was purchased new for our royal . it really never did a good job of scanning . it would require several passes over the bar code to get a reading , and some times it would not read the bar code at all . this resulted in the numbers would have to be entered by hand.the concept was good , but it seems as though this scanner was one of the designs in the early development days of this type scanner . before purchasing this particular model , i would contact royal , ( an old name in typewriters ) and inquire if there is a ... » read more i 'd say that this scanner is , or probably should be obsolete . this item was purchased new for our royal . it really never did a good job of scanning . it would require several passes over the bar code to get a reading , and some times it would not read the bar code at all . this resulted in the numbers would have to be entered by hand.the concept was good , but it seems as though this scanner was one of the designs in the early development days of this type scanner . before purchasing this particular model , i would contact royal , ( an old name in typewriters ) and inquire if there is a newer , more up to date scanner that has an improved electrical scanning reading design . if you decide to purchase one of these scanners , pay by credit card . doing this gives you a place to fall back on if the scanner does n't perform correctly . keep your receipt . you may need it . keep the box it came in if you need to return it , and need a shipping box . over all , we were displeased with this unit and soon disconnected it and entered information by hand because it was faster and less frustrating . « show less
i used to have a p-touch ( made by brother ) that creates unique bar code strips . i 'm sure there are others out there too.good luck !
female serial
if you require it for a regular finance class , the plus version will do just fine ... the pro has a couple of added functions , like : net future value ( nfv ) and modified internal rate of return ( mirr ) ... the price difference between the two is about $ 10 ... i 'd go for the pro ... good luck with your finance class
yes . it does all manner of time value of money calculations , including pv and npv ( see pv and npv buttons on the calculator ) .
as far as i can tell , no .
definitely , i do not like this calculator at all
i own a black and a grey version , and the look and feel of them differ . the on off button is lower than on the grey version .
well i do n't know , but i got this for a friend who said its supposed to be good .
yes , it comes with both . only complaint is that a couple of the buttons on my unit must be pressed hard to register .
thank you for your inquiry . yes , all orders and payment that clear ship the same day as per operating hours.let us know
if you 're asking if it can scan both sides of a page simultaneously , the answer is no . it can only scan one side at a time . you must turn the page you want to scan over in order to scan that side too . there is free software that you can download from the internet that will allow you to bind multiple pages into one document with as many pages as you need . i hope this answers your question .
12a
yes , the photo in the ad is the actual printer .
yes , what i received was exactly the same as you would purchase in any retail store .
7 14 2014
my most recent purchase is dated sept 2016
my printer is an hp psc 1350 all in one
hi , i checked online and found your cartridge number c6657 57 at ebay , and amazon and it shouldfit your printer . both numbers 57 and c6657 should work .
my printer is deskjet all-in-one f4100 series ; i use hp 54 57 cartridges . that printer may today be out of date , however , if you check with a supply store , i.e. , best buy , et al. , you may find success . good luck !
yes , this one works with windows 8.1 unless you have our old model worldcard color which the serial number starts with 572xxxxxxx or 573xxxxxxx
mine , which i bought when i was using windows , does not . as i recollect , from my research when i bought my mac , they market a separate model for the mac : it was signifcantly more expensive when i looked . i now run mine under vmware on windows on my mac .
you have to run it through twice , also be very very very careful of this product , if it does n't match your windows system it will not work . if you upgrade computers and your new computer has a different system it will not work .
i do n't think so but you can export it right into your outlook or salesforce contacts list or into an excel spreadsheet . i was really impressed with how the well the contact information transferred over . however , cards with really fancy script or dark backgrounds do not scan as well .
yes
yes
yes , i do not think you will have problem
yes . that 's what i 'm running .
i have the 4 drawer . i make sure to only open one drawer at a time . it does come withe a bracket to fasten it to the wall
dear valued customer , the oxford file cabinet is 20.5 '' in width . the measurements include the trim , always measuring from the furthest points of the piece . have a wonderful day ! maggi s. internet consultant
we got the three drawer one , and it has a thick cardboard backing that is in a white finish that you screw onto the file cabinet when you 're done assembling it . it looks nice .
if you are asking how it is suspended within the cabinet , bilateral glides are in place , as seen in the picture . these are not a roller or wheeled mechanism . fairly heavy duty , as well , to carry the weight of the drawer .
no , the hanging rods run from front to back in pre-cut slots . they can be set close for letter files or far for legal files , but they would hang from side to side so the files would be accessed from front to back . if full , that does make it hard to reach the back files . i currently have 25 hanging files with about 4-5 folders in each one and it is full .
no , it does not lock .
yes , this cabinet will hold both legal and standard size files . each drawer is legal size , with a metal bar that can be set to either standard or legal size for each drawer .
first , you have to put it together and when it comes , it is very heavy . once together , i think a person who has normal strength could put it in a car , all pieces separately .
yes
this is basically a general coin holder it does n't have the grooves to fit my vehicle but it will suffice ; )
plastic with springs inside . it does the job well . : )
no clip , would fit in a med to large cup holder .
no
unfortunately the unit i had exploded from the heat inside the car this summer . i went into work one day , and when i got out of work 8 hours later i open the door and saw all the coins i had in the holder all over the floor and parts from the holder all over the place . it appeared the top of the holder loosened and pressure from the 3 springs inside forced it and it 's contents to fly over the car . before that point , i loved it , fit perfectly on the side by the hand brake of my 2014 ford escape . my old mercury mountaineer had coin holder built in , ford does not offer that for the escapes .
i actually have the magnetic ikea containers that i use for spices and they definitely stick securely to this pushpin board . hope that helps .
most likely you should give it a clear coat of rustoleum and it should be fine
yes , i believe they would . the pins are a snug fit in to the holes . very cool idea .
i think so , although you would see the `` seam '' . the edges are a bit rounded , not sharp . i think it would look fine . i love this bulleting board .
depends upon what you are mounting it to ... .if using the materials included to mount to a wall ... .easy . i wanted to put it on my refrigerator . no magnets came with it . i bought two 12-inch magnetic strips and glued them on the back with super glue . that was easy but it required a trip to the store . looks great . keep in mind that not all refrigerator fronts ( ie stainless steel ) are magnetic .
it is a metallic board with magnetic properties , so it uses magnetic `` pins '' to hold items to the board . pushpins would not work , and might scratch the board .
shiny
no , just as shown in picture .
since the board is metal , the pins can not pierce the board . they fit snugly in the holes .
no
mine is a true `` cardinal '' red ; rich , not burgundy , or orange-y . very pleased with mine .
the cable line is about 8 feet long , and the coiled phone cord is about 22 inches coiled . of course , the phone cord can be stretched out .
ren = 0.9b
the cord is black on the red phone and it is an inch shy of 7 feet . you can replace it with any r11 cord , so you can extend the length to any size you want or make it any color - tan , white , clear - whatever .
no
the cord is only on the left side , not modular and very short .
yes on the bottom of the phone itself it has a switch for hi and low volume and a switch for on and off and pulse and rotary . the cord from the phone to the receiver is permanent ( can not be took out ) but the phone jack cord can be as long as you like it to be..
heavy gauge plastic . it 's good and solid . the phone is heavy , not as heavy as the old ones but still solid .
no you ca n't print on burlap or heavy paper . this printer is just a basic printer , i have 2 of them .
yes , it is
yes works just fine with windows 8.1
i do n't know , but i would not recommend the product at all . i bought 2 and neither one of them worked . returned the first one to seller and had to pay for postage . second one is still in a box on the floor for disposal . goodwill does n't want it . i have a macbook pro .
i have the same problems of z515 not working with z515 & have given up.best regardsramon h tellex
the printer sucked , do n't buy it . it is only compatible with windows and that is after you download an installation because the disc it comes with wo n't install it . the printer stopped working after a month , i already got rid of it .
yes , the handset has both a volume control and an audio boost .
i do n't see why not ... ... magic jack is simply an internet connection for phone service rather than a traditional telephone service ( like verizon ) jack .
yes , it does ... .
mine lasted for several years before needing replacemt
well it fit my canon p23-dh so it should fit the casio
what is your question ?
yes it can
i did not use it for a calculator . i hang it in my parrot 's cage and she rips the paper off the roll . it 's a cheap bird toy .
i 'm sorry i do n't know the weight and it is not on the packing label . what is on the label is paper is lint free to reduce paper jams . i have not had any problems with this paper . it was purchased to be used with a sharp el-1801v ten key . paper does not seem to be too thick as it does not jam while i 'm using the machine . hope this helps ...
their standard limited warranty . you can read about it here : https : files.support.epson.com pdf exp16_ exp16_wa.pdf
yes , we are using 32 bit windows pro 7 and it works well . not sure if it will work with 64 bit windows pro 7 though , we did n't try that .
thermal paper 3 1 8 inch for epson pos tm-t88 tm-t88
this one is serial port
mine did n't come with the cord . other than that i do n't have any problem
i have had no problems with mine . all of the tape rolls that i have used ( from both amazon and home depot ) work just fine .
it 's 3 inches
my tape is 2 '' wide . the cardboard core is 3 '' wide . that might be a point of confusion : )
no it is stationary
it did not come with a roll of tape .
trust me .. this fits all brands ! i 've used it for at least 10 different ones .
yes each of the lexmark were in individual boxes and sealed .
i 'm not sure because my printer is a x7350 . you will just have to look at lexmark and look for the x5470 model .
the box shows these are compatible with the following : x5410 , x5450 , x5470 , x7170 , x7310 , x7350 , x8310 , x8350 and series z810 , p910 , p4300 , p6200 , x3300 , and x5200 . this is the best info i can provide at this time , and i sure hope it is helpful . respectfully submitted , buff
yes they are
yes , it does
thanks for asking all that but to be honest i have not taken mine from the box yet and i know nothing about the product and even if it is authentic or not.for the amount of money that we paid it should be platinum , i hope . good luck with yours and hope some one else has purchased one too .
yes , it does .
hi , all our items are brand new and 100 % authentic , with the original box and booklet . we provide our two year warranty and certificate of authenticity . serial and or case number is intact . we buy in large quantities . best regards
my answering system only handles 1 line . i had ( recently dropped 1 line ) 2 lines but had a separate answering system for thr 2nd line .
no , it does not have that feature .
sorry it is gone . someone wanted it .
the booklet i have says it only does 4x6 .
i really do n't know the one i had ordered came to me , not working with no instructions , no cd , nothing . sorry ... .
is might not read that brand ? what is the type of card and size ?
no ... very disappointed ...
yes , the tray is on a slide so it can go back under the desk .
yes , if you take care to install it at the proper distance
no - it takes about 12 '' for the brackets to screw onto something .
the inside dimensions where the keyboard sits is 20.5 '' wide . from metal slide to metal slide ( attaching to the underside of the desk is about 22 '' . the mouse tray is additional length , connecting to the bottom of the keyboard tray ( choose on right or left side ) . that mouse tray slides out to a maximum of 9.5 addtional inches , but slides in easily if wanted shorter . i have my keyboard tray connected to my desk as low as it can go and the tray sits 2.75 inches from the underside of my desk . the mouse tray is 3.5 inches from the underside of the desk . i hope this gives you a better idea of the measurements of the product . i have been using mine every day since purchased and have had no problems at all with it , measurements are the most important of course , depending on the desk . it was just the right size for my desk . i hope this helps . best , richard the inside dimensions where the keyboard sits is 20.5 '' wide . from metal slide to metal slide ( attaching to the underside of the desk is about 22 '' . the mouse tray is additional length , connecting to the bottom of the keyboard tray ( choose on right or left side ) . that mouse tray slides out to a maximum of 9.5 addtional inches , but slides in easily if wanted shorter . i have my keyboard tray connected to my desk as low as it can go and the tray sits 2.75 inches from the underside of my desk . the mouse tray is 3.5 inches from the underside of the desk . i hope this gives you a better ... » read more the inside dimensions where the keyboard sits is 20.5 '' wide . from metal slide to metal slide ( attaching to the underside of the desk is about 22 '' . the mouse tray is additional length , connecting to the bottom of the keyboard tray ( choose on right or left side ) . that mouse tray slides out to a maximum of 9.5 addtional inches , but slides in easily if wanted shorter . i have my keyboard tray connected to my desk as low as it can go and the tray sits 2.75 inches from the underside of my desk . the mouse tray is 3.5 inches from the underside of the desk . i hope this gives you a better idea of the measurements of the product . i have been using mine every day since purchased and have had no problems at all with it , measurements are the most important of course , depending on the desk . it was just the right size for my desk . i hope this helps . best , richard « show less
any brand will fit i use a microsoft wireless ergonomic .
it 's wide enough , but it might not fit front-to-back unless part of the keyboard can come over the front lip . i 've got a logitech ergonomic , and can slide the wrist support at the bottom of the keyboard over the lip easily .
shure..by first drilling a pilot hole .
sorry for the delayed response . i needed to look at the tray to be sure of my response and was out of town . the depth ( distance from underside of desk ) is adjustable . it appears to be able to acocomodate your dimensions . i will caution you that this is not an easy tray to mount . i have bought several different models , all but this one have many adjustments as to tilt , swing and slide . this is the lease adjustable tray i have purchased and i would say probaly the most difficult to install . in my application , i had to completely assemble the tray and hold it to the underside of the desk to mark the location so that i would be able to make sure it was not obstructed or it obstructed other desk functions . i only had a small area to install this due to the desk configuration . if you have plenty of space to install the tray , it may not present the same issues . it would also be helpful if you had someone to assist with the installation . sorry for the delayed response . i needed to look at the tray to be sure of my response and was out of town . the depth ( distance from underside of desk ) is adjustable . it appears to be able to acocomodate your dimensions . i will caution you that this is not an easy tray to mount . i have bought several different models , all but this one have many adjustments as to tilt , swing and slide . this is the lease adjustable tray i have purchased and i would say probaly the most difficult to install . in my application , i had to completely assemble the tray and hold it to the underside of the desk to ... » read more sorry for the delayed response . i needed to look at the tray to be sure of my response and was out of town . the depth ( distance from underside of desk ) is adjustable . it appears to be able to acocomodate your dimensions . i will caution you that this is not an easy tray to mount . i have bought several different models , all but this one have many adjustments as to tilt , swing and slide . this is the lease adjustable tray i have purchased and i would say probaly the most difficult to install . in my application , i had to completely assemble the tray and hold it to the underside of the desk to mark the location so that i would be able to make sure it was not obstructed or it obstructed other desk functions . i only had a small area to install this due to the desk configuration . if you have plenty of space to install the tray , it may not present the same issues . it would also be helpful if you had someone to assist with the installation . « show less
yes
it is about 21.5 '' from inside leg to inside leg . if you need other measurements or dimensions , please repost .
lowest height is 5 inches , drawer measures about an inch and a .25 , thats where i store all my computer software cd 's and reciepts and warranties and underneath i put a blu ray wi fi disk player and next to that also underneath i store my 2 external harddrives or whatever device you want really , about feet of space underneath well worth the price if you want to stay orginiczed and hide a lot of the cables and wires !
3 3 4 inch . ( just under 4 inches . )
i would think so . i would be comfortable putting a 40 '' flat screen tv on it . easily handles my 24 '' asus monitor .
13 in between cubby holes 7.5 in from back to top
no sagging holding 22 '' monitor . it appears very sturdy , but i have not tested it with heavy printer , etc .
yes ! very handy and discrete !
it 's 14 x 26 in .
21.5 inches wide x 18 inches deep x 5.5 inches high
gray silver-ish and black ( as pictured )
the height is 5.5 inches , width is roughly 21.5 inches and the depth is roughly 19 inches . the drawer has a partition in it for paper vs. smaller items like envelopes . the inside of the drawer itself is roughly 15 inches wide by 14.25 depth by 2.25 inches in height . it works great for our hp officejet all in one printer .
lynette , it is made of heavy plastic . i think this is a high quality stand . i doubt you would be disappointed .
i could not remove the drawer even by lifting when fully extended . also it is so close to the desk , one can barely slide a note pad underneath .
easy procedure with clear instructions using supplied equipment . need a screw driver and maybe a pilot hole maker for screws into hardwood .
i secured mine with small c clamps . i did this by cutting a piece of flat molding 3 4 `` w x 1 4 thick and mounting this with one end sticking unto the part where the screw would have gone and clamping the wood to the bottom of the desk . otherwise i would have had to clean off the desk and turn it upside down to screw on the brackets . works quite well and if it loosens i just retighten the clamps . my clamps by the way were from a previous fellows under disk which did not work too well . this one does .
it should install ok but you may not be able to slide the drawer all the way in . another tip is unless you can turn the disk upside to install the side supports try using this . i used a couple of flat pieces of wood about 3 4 wide by 4 '' long and then used a small c clamp on each side to hold them . gary
i do n't believe so . they are set at a certain position already mounted . might contact fellowes directly .
there are three vertical holes in the four ( 4 ) straps that hold the tray to the slide rails . by selecting which set of holes you place the nut and bolts in allowing a + - one inch change in elevation . as a reminder : the tray will only allow the use of a style 112 key board . the so called 'ergonomic style ' key boards are too large to fit .
all you need is a phillips screw driver .
it 's built into the tray . i do n't believe it 's removable , but when it 's pushed all the way in , it only extends beyond the tray about 1-1 8 '' . i hope this helps .
you can adjust it to 3 seperate levels . the only drawback is that once you 've selected a level it 's not easily changed . you pretty much have to take the screws back out of the tray and set it to the next level and reattach the screws . best to get it right the first time you install .
the mouse pad slides under the keyboard drawer giving plenty of room for a 28 '' wide kneehole .
according to the sticker on the back , china~
coiled , it is approximately 4 ' long . stretched , it is probably twice that length . be aware that this cord is wired into the receiver handle , and can not be changed easily . no plug-ins here .
yes , if you already have a jack
i have the red one , and it 's plastic . in this day and age , i do n't believe any phone is going to be metal . i never remember metal phones , except in godfather # 1 , where a solid gold phone was given as a present to hyman roth .
no speaker that i have noticed . it looks and rings like an old fashion phone except it has push buttons instead of a rotary dial .
no this is a regular phone so you 'll need a voicemail service or answering machine ( if they still exist ) .
volume control for receiver , ringer on off and pulse tone switches on back . no adjustment for ringer . just on or off . ringer is loud so i keep mine off .
does not have caller id
in the `` black '' slot , you can either use a black cartridge or a photogray cartridge ( # 100 ) . either one will do excellent documents and black-and-white printing , but the photogray cartridge will give you much better photographic reproduction . i tried the two on a sample photo of a pond with ripples on the water . with the black cartridge , the picture was still clear , but the ripples disappeared . in other words , the black cartridge leaves out the nuances in photographs . after that , i never bought another black cartridge .
this particular model is not wireless but can be connected via usb or wired network .
sure . handle is a separate item which you do n't have to install .
yes . 34 '' includes the handle . the dimensions of the shelves are closer to 29 1 4 '' x 17 1 4 '' x 1 3 8 ''
i imagine that it would rust if left outdoors . i use mine in my utility room and have had no problems .
yes it does roll quietly . a very well constructed cart for the money .
yes , they are single poles . if you 're looking for a shorter cart , the height wo n't change . the stability of the cart may be lowered if you go down to two shelves , but you can just put on two shelves if you want .
hi marguerite , i would and have . however , i would not leave it outside overnight in my area because of humidity . i love these carts . i currently have three , two upstairs and am considering purchasing another for the basement . they are so handy and help me avoid trying to carry heavy items or numerous trips with multiple small items . they are attractive . when i have a buffet dinner or when everyone brings a desert , i put place mats on the carts , and people automatically place their contribution on the carts..
an inch , more than enough to keep items from falling off of the cart , unless you are having races and then anything can happen .
the holes the poles slide through typically are wider on the bottom , that fit over tapered wedges on the poles . i have installed shelves upside down , but it is not as secure.you can always cut a board to fit in the bottom of the shelf , effectivly reducing the flange of the shelf wall
are you on battery ? have you put too much paper in at one time ?
we purchased this product used and it did n't work so we returned it to the seller . i hope you can find someone to help you with this issue
according to the canon website , the yosemite driver for your printer is included with the os . reset the printing system : os x yosemite : reset the printing systemadd your printer : os x yosemite : add or remove a printer how are you connecting the printer to your computer ? if wireless , have you tried physically connecting it to your computer ? try a different port on the computer or a different usb cable ? regards
no battery . the ink cartridges are quite small , so you do n't need to be using it as a producrion printer . i use mine as a travel printer for business . only about 90 pages of text per black cartridge .
i 'm not sure as i 'm currently using windows 7 64-bit . however the canonusa.com site suggests thisa driver is not available in this operating system . please call us at 877-359-6780 so that we may discuss options that are available to you . they 're still offering the software for windows 8.1 64-bit .
there is a feature that allows you to type in a word the way it sounds and the dictionary will correct it . for example : you can type in `` oshun '' & it will be corrected to : `` ocean '' .it is explained in the instructions . i cant do it by e-mail . i hope this helps .
yes
i would say yes . if he she is tech savvy , it might seem a bit primitive , but it would definitely get the job done .
i bought this and received the silver one pictured . it is a nice pen i have definitely enjoyed it . there is also more of a gunmetal one but that was a separate listing .
yes , it is a good bit heavier than the plastic safari . it 's also heavier if you post the cap on the end when you write . to me it feels perfect with the cap posted , although to some this might be a bit too heavy . overall it 's a very substantial pen and you wo n't be disappointed !
the lamy al star and the lamy safari both take the lamy t10 refill cartridge . i suggest a converter , since they are easy to use and save a lot of money , but the cartridges themselves are also available through amazon . you should be able to find them easily by looking at the `` related items '' section . have fun with your new pen !
mine came with a blue one . regardless , i highly recommend getting a converter cartridge and buying a bottle of noodler 's black ink . much more cost effective and the ink is incredible !
my go to ink for being `` bullet proof '' against water or any other mayhem is noodler 's . noodler 's 54th massachusetts for blue or noodler 's black . hope that helps .
yes . it is very easy to change the nibs . i changed mine over to an italic nib . this website has a video on how easy it is : http : www.gouletpens.com hope that helpshope that helps
yep , z24 is what i use in mine .
it includes one blue ink cartridge to use with the pen . i would recommend buying the z24 converter and some ink if you do n't already have some because the ink cartridges themselves can get expensive .
mine is black , however i have seen pictures of the extra fine nib in silver . so , i guess you get what they send . i will say , this pen is one of the best fountain pens i have ever used .
mine came in a lamy box , it was very nice
oblique nib will make a difference when it comes to left right hand . lamy b , m , f , ef nibs are not oblique , and should be suitable for both.if you want an oblique nib , you can grind one fairly easily ( will void warranty of course ) with sand paper , nail buff stick and a little know how .
this is partially dependent on the ink , but for the standard blue that comes with this , there 's no bleeding *through* regular paper . i take notes with mine and it 's just fine . it 's a little difficult to write on the back of the page , though , because you can see the writing on the front ( not much , though ) . slow writing is actually better for this as long as you do n't stab the paper with your pen ( or otherwise apply excessive pressure ) .
you 'll need to buy the piston converter separately . this is the one that i bought ( lamy refills converter for safari , joy , al-star fountain pen - lz24 ) it is working great and is easy to operate . good luck !
yes
yes , you can . we have extra nibs in stock ready for purchase in both black nibs and steel ( chrome ) nibs . black comes in ef , fine , medium and broad . steel comes in ef , fine , medium , broad , 1.1 caligraphy and 1.5 caligraphy sizes.regards , pen chalet
mine came with lamy blue . good color , performs well . it 's worth buying the converter since ink is fairly cheap by the bottle and you 're going to want to explore color options eventually .
i 'm not sure if you are asking if the nib was bent when it arrived or if there is some flex in the nib . my nib was not bent when it arrived . there is a little flex to the nib , so it bends just slightly when i use it , which is a good thing ; it 's supposed to have some flex so it writes smoothly .
the pen is shipped with a lamy t10 cartrige blue ink . the ink is not waterproof.you need to separately buy the lamy 's blue-black iron-gall ink a o cartridge for a waterproof ink .
the ebay postage app lists this printer as one that integrates
absolutely i sell on ebay and use it to print my postage
i would imagine that is possible . i use my ql-500 for postage labels so i do n't need that longevity , but i know that even the high end commercial printers fade depending on the environment .
when you first open up the p-touch , it shows you a variety of labels , you have to choose the label , then put the design on ... try different looking fonts , no necessarily what you chose , but it will open up more options . then save the different one as label 1 or label 2 etc . so you can get what you want , also if you are pulling a design from another page there is a capture feature .
it is 2 '' x 4 '' label size , you order from uline or online.thanks , thang
i believe it an `` a '' cable . it is the largest usb terminal . the smallest is the `` micro '' and the middle is called the `` mini '' .
18 x 20 inches . i am well pleased with the board . i bought it for a gift for a dorm room for memos , pix , etc . it is perfect , and looks nice . a bulletin board would be larger and could be covered in fabric if desired but i was well pleased .
yes , those are the dimensions . i just measured it .
apparently , it is a cork base , so using push pins works well too .
no it will not ken . i would suggest the hp 5200tn for wide format printing .
yes ... .we use it in a retail environment . one tray prints on blue paper and the other yellow . just set it up in the printer properties or your software .
mine is n't
yes it will work with xp
when purchased as a refurbished unit i was given a used cartridge .
i never used it for that purpose
yes it works with windows 8 , i have windows 8 and it works great
no .
it depends on the seller . i bought two , and only one of them brought the toner cartridge . if it does n't bring one , you can buy it on ebay or amazon for less than 15 dollars , so do n't worry .
yes .
the windows 7 compatibility center entry for the hp laserjet 1320 says it is compatible with 64-bit windows 7 with a `` free download required . '' the free download link leads to the following hp support site which has the driver : http : h20000.www2.hp.com bizsupport techsupport softwareindex.jsp ? lang=en &cc; =us &p; rodnameid=410624 &prodtypeid; =18972 &prodser; iesid=410622 &swlang; =8 &taskid; =135 &swenvoid; =4063
no
yes - you can use letter or legal sized paper .
warranty will depend from whom you are buying the printer from , usually refurbished items will not have warranty , if they do it will likely be limited to 30 or 90 days depending on who the seller is hp , or hp third-party or any kind of other vender . as for the cartridge , i recommend by hp supplied toner for best results any non-hp compatible catridge may work but some of them usually leak toner into the printer and stand chances of ruining it .
i use a recycled cartridge q5949x . amazingly , i am still using the same cartridge i purchased last july and i use it every day !
yes it will . but i am having problems with the overall working conidition . beware ... .
yes
yes . it works very well . some non brother 1209 's will give lots of problems with feed and print alignment .
that 's the paper backing you see . the labels are plain white
yes , it is a peel and stick label .
it 's an all white , continuous label strip . your printer and software will automatically fit your message and print the proper length . it 's all white . in the pic , you are seeing the backing paper with the black lines on it .
yes , these labels fit the brother ql-700 . note the dk2205 item number , and use that to search on the internet , ebay , and elsewhere for compatible labels .
yes ...
sure thing . you can print whatever you want to on it .
the original brother plastic parts are glued together , so you ca n't exchange paper rolls only , however the removable ones can disassemble the sticks and replace rolls only , but removable ones usually off-market and quality of print is worse.there are some videos teach u how to break crack the original parts apart but make it reusable , u may want try that .
the quantity of labels will vary depending on the size of labels you print.i have printed 1.5 inch to 5 inch labels .
you will get 400 labels roll .
yes , each label contains a black block on it 's rear , to position the label properly for printing as it 's fed forward .
yes , it does . slips right in the machine where the old cartridge comes out .
the standard `` address labels '' do not have any glossy face . they have a matt surface which usually matches the envelope surface . the `` caution '' in these labels is to use only labels from the label-maker you 're using , as the back contains markings which position the labels on a particular brand 's feeding system , so that you do n't end up halfway onto the next label . i have two brands of label-makers , and you can not use one 's labels on the other..
the brothers webpage should be able to tell you . i believe they do .
on measuring , it appears to be about 5 8 '' . the refills come on their own spools .
yes .
400 , have a merry christmas
depends what the label is attached to . if a regular mailing envelope , it tear the envelope as you try to remove it .
they are self-stick . you peel them off a plastic backing . i 've been using these for about 8 years and they 're wonderful . the printer is a real workhorse .
yes .
i do n't think so . but i am not 100 % sure .
will check and let you know in an hour
rower - your model has been out of production for several years . support is limited to access to the manual and faqs at telephones.att.com .
this is the one i have bought , because fisher recommended it : http : www.amazon.com gp aw d b00006i5rh ref=mp_s_a_1_1 ? qid=1418498453 &sr; =8-1just so you know , i still have n't had to use any of the refills i bought , and i use my space pens constantly . the ink that comes in the pen lasts a very long time .
probably not directly on the butter , but the wrapper i would guess yes .
it writes in space , how is that not good enough for you ?
these pens were designed for the original apollo astronauts who were all men . alan shepard used his on the moon and rather infamously to sign a check to me which bounced as high as the moon . he owes me money . do n't trust astronauts .
# spr3
5.25 '' open - 3.75 '' closed . about .375 '' in diameter .
you can buy refills in various colors from http : www.jetpens.com pen-refills ct 1781 ? f=bd5b8e4a8ab80ebdf3e9e67b84c52e51243c3fbb96c53602
no engravings , no words , just a solid consistent finish .
no , it does not have the grip lines . one of the things i like about the matte balck bullet pen . i find it more comfortable to use then the ones that do have them . and so far it seems that all the bullet pens have them except the matte black pen .
no , this works just like any other plug in phone . i really like it because you can actually hear very well , and the cord does n't curl up like the old cord phones .
i gave 3 of these things to my 3 sons 3 years ago . one loves his and has hooked it - somehow - to his door bell . one 's indifferent . and one - the youngest - just does n't 'get ' that other phones other than cell ever existed . guessing : 14 ''
it works great . feels like i am back in the day .
classic bell sound
i have the black version , but this should be the same . the cord to the phone jack has a standard `` at &t; '' phone jack . a discount store ( wal mart ) , meijers ' , lowes ' should have an inexpensive plastic `` tee '' or `` union '' to join the original cord to an extension . i 'm handy , but i 'm not taking apart a heavy duty phone like these ...
it 's `` like '' the composite material of the old bell phones . quite heavy & well made ... speaking about the black phone ...
it does not .
the 80 's glam limited edition has : a ) back row from l - > r : slate grey , navy , **blue ice , turquoise , lime green , mint green , yellow ( super light ) , peach , orange , **pink lemonade ( mislabelled 'jellie pink ' in swatch pic ) , magenta , berry , boysenberry ( mislabelled lilac in swatch pic ) , purple , brown b ) 5 80 's colors in front from l - > r : jellie pink ( mislabelled pink in swatch pic ) , leg warmer orange , valley girl violet , banana clip yellow , argyle green . c ) front right l- > r black , blue , green , red basics . note : 'pink ' and 'lilac ' are not in the 80 's limited edition 24-pack . sharpie has a list of colors on their website . **blue ice and pink lemonade have been impossible for me to find individually . the 80 's glam limited edition has : a ) back row from l - > r : slate grey , navy , **blue ice , turquoise , lime green , mint green , yellow ( super light ) , peach , orange , **pink lemonade ( mislabelled 'jellie pink ' in swatch pic ) , magenta , berry , boysenberry ( mislabelled lilac in swatch pic ) , purple , brown b ) 5 80 's colors in front from l - > r : jellie pink ( mislabelled pink in swatch pic ) , leg warmer orange , valley girl violet , banana clip yellow , argyle green . c ) front right l- > r black , blue , green , red basics . note : 'pink ' and 'lilac ' are not in the 80 's limited edition 24-pack . sharpie ... » read more the 80 's glam limited edition has : a ) back row from l - > r : slate grey , navy , **blue ice , turquoise , lime green , mint green , yellow ( super light ) , peach , orange , **pink lemonade ( mislabelled 'jellie pink ' in swatch pic ) , magenta , berry , boysenberry ( mislabelled lilac in swatch pic ) , purple , brown b ) 5 80 's colors in front from l - > r : jellie pink ( mislabelled pink in swatch pic ) , leg warmer orange , valley girl violet , banana clip yellow , argyle green . c ) front right l- > r black , blue , green , red basics . note : 'pink ' and 'lilac ' are not in the 80 's limited edition 24-pack . sharpie has a list of colors on their website . **blue ice and pink lemonade have been impossible for me to find individually . « show less
okay well first off all , why would someone reply to a question without an answer ( to the other answer-er ) but these are okay . you have to wait for the ink to completely dry and blending is terribly hard .
try amodex , its the only cleaner actually recommended by sharpie ( www.amodexink.com )
no
i do n't have that machine , so , i ca n't help you .
i would say return them . if they have dried up , that 's all she wrote for those pens . if you received them dry , i 'm sure amazon will take them back .
yes they do . they will bleed through and show in the back side of the paper .
yes . holds well .
i 'm not sure . it is permanent marker , ink , not water based , so it probably could withstand it . i would think you would want to put some type of glaze over it though . if you are using it for dishes you eat off of , then make sure you get a glaze that is safe for that sort of thing .
they are n't sharpie paint markers , which are definitely oil-based . maybe this link will help you ? http : www.sharpie.com enus pages faq.aspx # q15
you need to go over it a couple times . but they act just like any other sharpie .
water , i believe .
i tried a few colors on black construction paper , and no , they did not work . you may try these : faber-castell 12 count metallic colored ecopencilsalso , gel pens are awesome !
it does have a grey marker . testing it on regular printer paper it appears fairly dark . i also tested the colors on velum tracing paper and it looks much lighter on that surface . so , just be aware that the darkness of the grey marker has a bit of variation depending on the surface you 're using it on .
yes . at least we consider it peach !
they are good labels that hold ink well but they are not glossy at all
any cd applicator will do the job .
no it does n't .
hey mate , it does work with windows 7 i tried it myself not too bad . but printing on the label is not 100 % accurate you might miss some bits on the edges but i believe that it depends on the printer brand and model as well.cheers
yes , there is a handle on the top of the box .
yes . instructions come with the case .
oh yes , that 's what i did .
yes
no
yes , you can set the combination to your specs . it comes with directions on how to do so .
absolutely yes ... .it s expandable !
i would say roughly 6-7 feet . we have a large conference room table , we put the polycom in the middle and stretch both mics out and we can cover the entire table .
as long as the soundstation 2 has expansion mic ports on it they should work fine together . the differences between the models for the soundstation 2 line are on the base so the external mics should work the same on any . for confirmation you can call the customer service line for polycom and they could give you a concrete answer in case i 'm not aware of something . number for their customer service is 1-800-765-9266
i do believe so though all the information on the label says to use `` template 5931 or 8931 . '' i believe the only difference is in the number of labels in the pack . the 8691 has 50 sheets or 100 labels . the 8692 has 20 sheets , or 40 labels . i do not see any other difference listed on the avery website.http : www.avery.com avery en_us search ? dimsearch=true &n; =0 &ntk; =all &ntx; =mode+matchall &nty; =0 &nr; =and % 28siteschannels % 3aavery.com % 29 &msearch; =true &ntt; =8692
sorry , i do n't purchase the labels w spine .
ya they are , just more . they worked great for me !
yes they will work for dvd 's . i 've been using them for several years . for the best results use avery applicator tool , amazon item # 05699 or similar tool.can also be found at most any office supply store . this tool will line up the label on the disc for consistent results . its a real pain without it . also i do not use any type stick on label on cd 's . i 've been recording and disseminating cd 's & dvd 's with bible study content for several years & i 've found that with cd players , especially in automobiles the labels will some times come loose and hang up inside the player . the heat in a car probably causes this . our equipment does not do light scribe so i write on them with felt tip . dvd 's work really well . go to avery.com and down load soft ware to design and print labels . yes they will work for dvd 's . i 've been using them for several years . for the best results use avery applicator tool , amazon item # 05699 or similar tool.can also be found at most any office supply store . this tool will line up the label on the disc for consistent results . its a real pain without it . also i do not use any type stick on label on cd 's . i 've been recording and disseminating cd 's & dvd 's with bible study content for several years & i 've found that with cd players , especially in automobiles the labels will some times come loose and hang up inside the player . the heat in a ... » read more yes they will work for dvd 's . i 've been using them for several years . for the best results use avery applicator tool , amazon item # 05699 or similar tool.can also be found at most any office supply store . this tool will line up the label on the disc for consistent results . its a real pain without it . also i do not use any type stick on label on cd 's . i 've been recording and disseminating cd 's & dvd 's with bible study content for several years & i 've found that with cd players , especially in automobiles the labels will some times come loose and hang up inside the player . the heat in a car probably causes this . our equipment does not do light scribe so i write on them with felt tip . dvd 's work really well . go to avery.com and down load soft ware to design and print labels . « show less
no . this package contains labels only . you must download or purchase the software seperatly .
yes , with the correct software installed . you can find all of the info on what software to install via a google search
this label applicator is for cds and dvds and can also be used on mini discs as long as center hole is the same - which it should be since you can also use the mini disc on any same regular disc players - this label applicator is just a helper that keeps the disc firmly from moving and allows you to put pressure on the label that you want to stick on to face of disc , it should work with any mini discs .
push on the center grey button and twist . this will make the center pop up . then you want to place your cd label printed side down with the sticky side up on the black large circle . then place the cd face down on top of the grey small button . the cd will have the side that is recorded or burn should be facing up . then push the grey button down and the two will together and stick to each other . then pull off cd and smooth any bubble that you may have . then you can do as many cd as you want . i hope this helped .
i do not use the mini discs , but as long as the center hole is the same size , it should work fine .
it works with others as well , , , , i 'm not using avery labels , , and have no problems at all
it does not have a tapered spindle .
no
absolutely ! highly recommended !
it 's about a quarter inch edge on one side of the photo paper that can be used to punch holes and allow you to insert the picture in a album or book . it 's a perforated edge that you can fold and tear off if you do n't need it . i do that all the time because i do n't use the tab . there are arrows on the back of the photo paper that tell you which direction to place the paper into the printer so that the image is not printed on the tab . the photo paper is always placed in the printer face-down so you can see the arrows . hope this helps !
i can only use hp paper in my printer other brands so not work this is why i stick with hp and also the instant dry stinks i can not use that either
the product details describes it as being 13.8x7.2x2.8 ; i measured mine at 11.75lx6.5wx2.25tall . but the tape holder will fold over to reduce the length to 9 in . for storage . it easily fits in one of my top desk drawers . it 's a very nice product .
yes
normal mode is non-print . a switch turns printing on .
9 '' x6 '' , and 2 `` high
the standard tape , 2.25 '' .
yes it can use batteries or be plugged in i think it takes 2 or 4 double a batteries . hope that helps
there is no ribbon - you have to purchase a new ink roller . they are very affordable - i purchase a two-pack .
you can try to use electronics cleaning wipes , or you can ask staples what you can use , and they will be able to help you out .
not exactly sure because this product is at my office and i am at home right now , but manilla folders fit ... .i think they would to be honest but can not say for sure .
1-1 4 inches approximately .
the shelves are not removeable .
not wide enough for legal doc
hello celtique7 , the back is solid wood . it is flush with the edges and there are no indents . if you have any other questions , please contact victor @ victortech.com.thank you .
those shelves are somewhat thin and flexible . however , they are also an integral part of the construction . so , you might be able to exert enough force manually to break the shelf in the center , but would probably wind up with ugly remnants that you would need to laboriously chip out . in other words , it does n't look easy .
it is definitely sturdy enough to have a home use all-in-one printer sitting on top . however , is your printer bigger than the top surface of the victor unit ? the top is 10.5 '' deep by 13.5 '' wide . you could acquire a piece of wood wide and deep enough to accommodate you all-in-one unit , and place it on top of the victor unit .
i think you could . it is pretty sturdy .
we are using it as a stand for a laptop computer and it works perfect . 20lbs might be too heavy but it is a very sturdy box .
yes . so far we are very happy with this phone . we have four , two in ct and two in fl .
yes , it includes a wall adapter and you flip the hook switch around to secure the handset .
insofar as i know . it is just like a regular phone , but with better sound .
i really do n't know . gave this to my mom last year and i do not live near her to know or to check . sorry i ca n't help .
yes , the speaker phone is very good .
no
i purchased phone for my 97 year old mother . hard of hearing , the ear piece was not used . she tried the ear piece and did not care for it . as i remember , it did not fit her ear properly . hope this helps .
no
yes - the ringer can be turned off completely , with the phone letting you know it is ringing by flashing a red light in sync with what would have been the ringing . it is a very nice feature
pilot white vinyl eraser refills 70001
i 'm not sure because the company that supposedly shipped my pencil did the worst ever job for shippimg , that it had fallen out en route . look for other places to get this . my money was not returned by amazon , and someone tried to bill $ 500 worth of internet supplies right after this order ! i had assumed everything came direct from amazon , but apparently not . buyer beware !
yes , everything is retractable . it is very easy-to-use
hello , yes , you should be able to do this . that is what the manufacturer stated . you can try contacting the manufacturer as well to explain it to them a little better as well before you purchase it.thanks
sadly , only one sheet at a time in letter-fold . you 'll still have to collate by hand . you can fold a standard letter-size sheet inside a tabloid sheet , but you 'll have to feed them one at a time .
ulrich , thank you for the question . 1217a handles sheet sizes from 4 '' x 4 '' to 12 '' x 18 '' , 16 lb . bond to 135 lb . index , with simplified adjustment for folding 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' , 8 1 2 '' x 14 '' and 11 '' x 17 '' sheets . i believe a4 size paper is within the range . hope this helps and please let us know if you have further questions or comments . thanks again ! best regards , whitaker brothers business machines , inc .
this folder does a great job on two-pass folds . making the third fold after a second pass will most likely be problematic . i never tried this but i doubt you 'd like the outcome .
no
yes , its very easy . there are two knobs which you can easily screw and unscrew , to move up and down and tighten it to be fit . thats all . the guidelines for the measurement in regards to the type of fold is there on the machine for easy look up . one of the best to own ! hope this helps !
yes . in fact , that 's primarily how we use it .
works great . the key is try your precision with 80lb paper . do n't try with less lbs and adjust the precision . keep the 80lb waste ( if you have ) and then adjust . it works great !
depends on how glacis it is but we have not had a lot of success with glossy paper everything else works really well .
just measured it and the blade is 14.5 '' ... so you can cut the a3 in one direction and not the other .
really stiff ? maybe not . it is a tight cutting range so `` stiff '' is a word we might use . `` really '' stiff or too stiff to allow the spring to raise the blade ... maybe not . perhaps you can adjust it a little or use it for a while and see if this relaxes a bit ?
the clamp has a screw and nut on each end , so should be removable , but have n't tried . it can easily cut about 10 sheets of 20lb paper at the most . more than that , it starts to not have a clean edge . so not sure if it would easily cut mat board .
i do n't know about plastic it definitely cuts very thick chipboard
looks like the blade is 14.5 '' long so you should be able to cut legal paper ( 14 '' ) on the long side . the table is 12.5 '' wide .
16 inches
the cutting arm does spring back to the top ... however , it does maintain position throughout 75 % of the stroke due to friction between the blades .
it is heavy duty , not plywood and it weighs a fair amount . i love mine .
17cm on the front guage and 9 cm on the back guage .
sorry have never tried that
this machine works well for 20 # but needs adjustments fairly frequently . i suggest a more durable machine . we use it for worship bulletins & our monthly newsletter ( ~ 450 sheets of legal size )
no it wo n't work . the ink will smear . i tried to do it from work so it would be faster but the hot basically ruined the paper
yes you can
i would not use this on ribbed fabric . avery makes another product that is for `` stretch '' fabrics , and this might work for you . however , it is more expensive .
absolutely ! as long as it 's a lighter color , it would be great on a canvas bag .
i think so , this is some great paper . you should start with trying one pack first .
it should n't . but i do n't recommend this product . it peels off after a couple wears .
i bought this unit in feb 2010 , and from the dimensions given on amazon ( 23.1 x 11.5 x 2.8 inches ) , it sounds like it should . fact is , it wo n't . the best you can do is 18 '' . i believe those dimensions include the packaging.still , i like the unit , and have another cutter for my longer length cuts.sorry for the news , but i hope it helps you make your decision .
it comes with a blade to get you started , so you do n't need to order one unless you need extras . in which case you would need 28mm blades .
hi reba , i cut a piece of kleenex and it cut perfectly . send a sample to amazon and have them forward it to me . i will be happy to try it for you and let you know how it cuts on your material.gene rubin
you can . however anything thicker like foam core is not possible . it really is a matter of wanting to manipulate what is being cut , and with this type of blade , it is not possible .
gridded plastic
i got mine done with no trouble and did not measure . i have always had trouble with things like this but this one gave me no problems at all . hope that helps you
the wheel on my cutter is pretty sharp . it 's cut everything my wife , who scrapbooks has put through it without a hitch . i ca n't say specifically whether or not any is recycled , my guess would be some has to be recycled . this is a nice cutter .
that will work . i 've used mine to cut matt board so 70lb paper will be no problem !
i 've never used the cutterpillar so i ca n't answer your question . i tried out the new cutterbug with the lighted cutting edge and i really liked that . i 'm not sure if you can cut several pages at once with the cutterbug however ... the carl is hard to cut anything under 2 '' wide with accuracy , but it 's great for cutting all weights of chipboard that 's what i use my cutter for .
first off , this cutter is only for cutting straight lines ( no curves ) . if this is what you want , this is a very good cutter . whereas you ca n't actually see the blade and where it is cutting , there are very good visual guides that you can use to guide the angle of the cut . hope this helps . if not , ask again and i 'll try to clarify .
i 've never tried that , but it cuts 10-15 sheets of standard copy paper with a few passes . has a very clean cut since it holds paper in place . i 'm guessing glitter paper may cause the blade to dull quicker though .
yes
yes
yes , i find it easy and simple .
yes , this cutter is perfect for that , have one at home , have one at work , use the one at work to cut laminated badges all the time , owned the one at work for about 1 1 2 years and so far have not changed the blade or the cutting stick . you will not be let down if you purchase this cutter .
it 's light for its size , but it 's big . if you have a bag that can fit it , it wo n't be difficult to carry .
the stands length at it 's top is 15 3 16 across at the center from left to right . it 's not 16 '' as stated and the number has been rounded up . i am sure a 17 '' printer base would fit on it if the bottom base pegs are far enough in . the printer would cover the top of stand completely and you would n't see base
hello , rodrigo d , it is definitely possible to increase the height of the shelf to the desired level ( i.e . 10 '' ) . in fact , i originally had a similar necessity , and therefore made the required adjustments , to this very neat-looking and practical shelf , by buying another ( complete ) similar item - in order to be able to utilize the leg parts from the second shelf . now , the charcoal grey base stands at 6.5 inches from the bottom ( i.e . 4 light-grey parts at each side ) . then i used the second shelf top ( with the remaining 8 leg parts , i.e . 2 at each corner ) for other ornamental purposes - nothing was wasted . remember that , as shown in the advert 's picture , each leg normally consists of 3 easily joined parts.however , i do n't know whether the leg parts could be purchased separately . i needed enough height to place a medium sized dlp projector beneath a blu-ray player ( having run out of space on the already owned furniture ) . the result was just as i wanted ( even the width fitted perfectly ) . hence , you could try to ask the dealers directly or amazon 's customer care ( the staff of whom were always very , very nice and helpful to me ) . in other words , if you intend to place something not too heavy on the top shelf ( supported by 6 leg parts under each corner - which , as per my measuring calculations , will add up to 10 inches exactly ) , go-ahead by contacting the said personnel ( explaining your requirements ) and they will surely provide their useful assistance . trust me , it was a real pleasure for me to make the relevant amazon deal . hello , rodrigo d , it is definitely possible to increase the height of the shelf to the desired level ( i.e . 10 '' ) . in fact , i originally had a similar necessity , and therefore made the required adjustments , to this very neat-looking and practical shelf , by buying another ( complete ) similar item - in order to be able to utilize the leg parts from the second shelf . now , the charcoal grey base stands at 6.5 inches from the bottom ( i.e . 4 light-grey parts at each side ) . then i used the second shelf top ( with the remaining 8 leg parts , i.e . 2 at each corner ) for other ornamental purposes - ... » read more hello , rodrigo d , it is definitely possible to increase the height of the shelf to the desired level ( i.e . 10 '' ) . in fact , i originally had a similar necessity , and therefore made the required adjustments , to this very neat-looking and practical shelf , by buying another ( complete ) similar item - in order to be able to utilize the leg parts from the second shelf . now , the charcoal grey base stands at 6.5 inches from the bottom ( i.e . 4 light-grey parts at each side ) . then i used the second shelf top ( with the remaining 8 leg parts , i.e . 2 at each corner ) for other ornamental purposes - nothing was wasted . remember that , as shown in the advert 's picture , each leg normally consists of 3 easily joined parts.however , i do n't know whether the leg parts could be purchased separately . i needed enough height to place a medium sized dlp projector beneath a blu-ray player ( having run out of space on the already owned furniture ) . the result was just as i wanted ( even the width fitted perfectly ) . hence , you could try to ask the dealers directly or amazon 's customer care ( the staff of whom were always very , very nice and helpful to me ) . in other words , if you intend to place something not too heavy on the top shelf ( supported by 6 leg parts under each corner - which , as per my measuring calculations , will add up to 10 inches exactly ) , go-ahead by contacting the said personnel ( explaining your requirements ) and they will surely provide their useful assistance . trust me , it was a real pleasure for me to make the relevant amazon deal . « show less
i would certainly think so . seems very sturdy .
ca n't speak for the imac , but for sure it can hold a thunderbolt display ( 20-something lbs . )
the platforms has curved sides . i 'd say 12 '' x16 '' at the widest points . two risers are about 3.5 inches high- you can use 1-3 risers .
6 inches from table to top of stand
hello , dear zachary , i have just measured the height relevant to your inquiry regarding the item in question ; it corresponds to slightly above 6 centimetres . the stand is quite sturdy and definitely worth its price . best regards , ivan
probably . it seems sturdy enough , but they make no such claim . proceed with caution .
yes , this will . mine is sitting on it right now ... work great !
yes ... but i hate the calculator ... .l looking for new non canon . last 2 have gone bad quickly .
you can buy a black and red , twin spool universal calculator ribbon on amazon , and any office supply store .
yes
standard calculator paper .
i gave it as a gift to my father and i remember it being quite large ... and heavy ! about the same footprint as a large men 's shoebox . that 's vague , but i hope it helps some .
the buttons on my canon mp11dx calculator are secure , yet easy to work with . we use this machine every day and the buttons are as secure as the day we purchased this . hope this helps .
sorry can not find my instructions for it . just google model number and cannon and instructions .
yes it does print seconds .
it is very quiet , in my opinion . we have 5 of them and love them .
hello , yes , this item is motion censored , so it should work on thin paper.thank you
i only use this as a punch clock for time and date . it prints `` apr30 am12:40 '' i do not change the programming .
the back is mesh just like the front , except for about a 1 1 2 inch strip across the top , which is solid .
if you are going to use hooks , small ones would suffice . the stuff to mount it to the wall is included .
the top is 3 '' x 14 '' and the bottom narrows down to 2 '' wide
yes - in fact that is how i have mine hung .
it has openings in the back for screws to secure it to a wall . of-course like anything you attach to a cement wall you will have to drill into the wall and use a wall anchor to secure it
there is a hole back on each side that can be used for hanging . i think it depends on your hardware . you would need your own hooks . i have mine hanging on pegboard with pegboard hooks .
i originally had mine put up this way and after a few months it fell . i 've now got it up with 3m command hooks and it 's been fine for well over a year .
it 's about 5 inches at the opening and about 2 inches at the bottom
thicker than a wire clothes hanger approx . 3 8 inch a round .
according to their specifications it 's approximately 34 '' . i ca n't seem to locate the one we bought for our office so that is my best guess . thank you
not completely . i am using mine on a e inch partition and it works -- just does n't slide all the way down .
no
the hooks are attached to each basket , so you could hang one , two or all three . the top hooks are not necessary if you want it hanging on the wall rather than over a door .
yes , each pocket has two holes at the top and you can use screws to mount them directly to a wall .
i ordered black and got black .
black
i think it 's one . i ordered it last april but ordered two so i 'm sure i ordered the second as a spare . the price is two low to be for two also the description says 1 .
the number 312 is not on the barrel at all . the overall length is 4.5 '' this refill has been a true to original replacement .
yes
about 1.25 inches of space.i 've had these stands for years . they 're great .
yes , these are stackable , and sturdy enough to support a monitor ; the display picture shows them stacked two-high . i suppose you could safely stack them higher , but i would n't think you 'd want to elevate your monitor more than perhaps three-four high . each stand is 2 '' tall .
doubtful
each one is 2 '' . shown in the product photo are two stacked together bringing it close to 4 '' , but in no way are these anywhere near 4.5 '' .
it 's 11.25 '' x 11.25 '' . 2 '' tall . hope that helps !
the opening in the front of the stand is approx . 1.5 '' high and 9.5 '' wide , so you can easily slip a stack of 8.5x11 '' pages , or folders or a book into the available space .
no . the back is enclosed . it 's a square with only one side open .
yes . very hard plastic .
no , it does not - it only fills in the center line : `` ___________________dollars ''
this model does not keep track of cheques printed but there is an upgraded model that does ( count ) . it is only a few dollars more but if this is a feature that you require , it is well worth it . this is an excellent product .
black only
yes , but does n't good !
ac
the max is designed to print in red and black with a two-color ink ribbon , but by installing a black-only ribbon it would obviously print only black letters . this is my second machine and it 's very convenient and easy to use .
no it does not . but it is a great product , never had any trouble with it
may be 2. i use one card and it snugly fits in .
yes , i think that these would remain affixed to cardboard . in fact , attempting to remove them would probably rip the cardboard . the pockets are open on he the top and cards are fairly easy to insert and remove . the plastic will stretch and eventually tear if pulled outward rather than removing cards by sliding them straight up .
yes
you might want to check out this page from the hp support site entitled ... ink expiration.http : h10025.www1.hp.com ewfrf wc document ? docname=c01764161 &cc; =us &dlc; =en &lc; =en
yes , that 's the cartridge ... . get printing ... .hahahaharandy
i do not know sorry .
simple . there are 3 wheels on the right side of the phone . one is for phone volume . one is for handset volume . one is for ringer volume . each is clearly marked .
it 's a good length . easily 3 ' long . i love the phone and was using it right now when i got this email : )
yes ! each key is a one ( 1 ) inch square with bold black numbers one-half ( 1 2 ) inch .
yes , you can program the number with one number access . to place the call you must press the memory button and then the number you programed .
yes it does . love the phone .
yes
dear chenese , this phone has raised numbers . yes , you can feel the outline of the numbers on the phone as well as the braille numbers in the corners . i hope this helps with your decision . be blessed .
there should be an ac adapter in the package . if not you need to contact the seller .
i like it very much ... .it is made in china ... paul
hi russ , use standard calculator paper . i believe it is 2-1 4 '' width . hope this helps
the dimensions are 8 5 8 '' x 12 7 8 '' . hope this helps you
have my calculator plugged in where i can not get to it . as i recall . it has a normal plug in and is plugged into an over-the-counter surge protector . the cord is about 5 ft long . i had been using a canon that had problems feeding the printer paper . this calculator does not eat the paper as it flows out of the calculator and i like that feature , but i am having trouble getting used to where the keys set . it is a different key placement arrangement and has slowed me down a little . otherwise , great in every way . hope this helps .
this is not a boolian calculator , so yes , you enter the numbers as you would say them.john
never had a problem with mine acting like this . amazon is excellent on returns and customer service . you may have gotten a bad unit . request a refund or replacement .
hi , i get mine from office depot . universal twin spool ribbon ( black & red ) . # 11210 by porelon . also by avery 8160. hope this helps
it used a 2 color ribbon black & red . i hope this helps you .
thats exactly what i use it for and it works great . the only thing you have to remember is that it will turn . your stereo signal into a mono signal , which most would find unacceptable for headphone monitoring in a studio scenario but if you just want to rock out in your headphones it will work in reverse alot more comfy than the bulky adapters you would get elsewhere .
there is n't anything about the cable that would prevent sound from an acoustic electric from getting through . it 's most likely something with your computer setup . make sure whatever computer you 're using has its input set to the audio in port that this is plugged into rather than some other source like the built-in microphone or other audio in port if you have multiple ones . also it might be that the software you 're using has the sound muted or monitor off if you 're using some kind of recording software . last but not least look at completely obvious things such as you have the system sound muted . : - ) there is n't anything about the cable that would prevent sound from an acoustic electric from getting through . it 's most likely something with your computer setup . make sure whatever computer you 're using has its input set to the audio in port that this is plugged into rather than some other source like the built-in microphone or other audio in port if you have multiple ones . also it might be that the software you 're using has the sound muted or monitor off if you 're using some kind of recording software . last but not least look at completely obvious things such as you have the system sound ... » read more there is n't anything about the cable that would prevent sound from an acoustic electric from getting through . it 's most likely something with your computer setup . make sure whatever computer you 're using has its input set to the audio in port that this is plugged into rather than some other source like the built-in microphone or other audio in port if you have multiple ones . also it might be that the software you 're using has the sound muted or monitor off if you 're using some kind of recording software . last but not least look at completely obvious things such as you have the system sound muted . : - ) « show less
are you asking about to connect something to a daw through a computer ? if i am responding correctly , i use an m-audio fast track . http : www.pcmag.com article2 0,2817,2401602,00.asp if i can answer better or if you are asking for something else more , let me know !
i would assume that it would but i do n't know why you would need it . i use mine to play electric guitar through my mac . works great for that .
includedincludes marker board with marker tray four assorted quartet® dryerase markers quick clips easy mount hanging systemthanks
frame is aluminumthanks
this one is built-in marker traybut you should be able to take it offthanks
i used the scotch brand thermal laminator and it worked great !
yes , you can cut the sheets after laminating . i 've laminated whole sheets of paper and then cut out the individual pieces i need . they are holding up very well . i 'm a first grade teacher and laminate a lot of things for use in the classroom .
they are attached on the short side .
rounded slightly .
yes . i do it all the time . wipe it off promptly or it 's a little hard to clean later . but it still comes off .
yes that is the difference . 3 mil is your standard kind of lightweight . paper or cardstock laminated with 3 will still be flexible . 5 mil is heavier and final project will be more rigid , more like what you would see on a laminated id tag that hangs from a lanyard . if you carry much in your wallet , a group of items laminated with 5 might get pretty thick .
my laminator is a no name brand i bought at aldi 's for $ 19.99 and these pouches work excellent with it !
they come with a cardboard carrier , but you do not have to use it ! i never do ! hope this helps
yes ! they 're universal . i 'm telling you - they 're the best brand ever !
i do n't know . i have a $ 25 scotch laminator and have laminated over 1000 sheets from this brand without a problem
in the side ... . i really love ths !
yes it does..
the book is 10 '' x 4.5 ''
yes , i store credit cards in the one i have .
mine were all stuck together in one pocket , one behind the other . they are big and take up an entire slot . check the inside front and back covers ; there are pockets there and also the top pockets .
i just went and checked - fits them perfectly : )
hello , yes , you can slide cards in on both sides so it is 8 cards per front and back on each page.thanks
2 , if you put them back to back .
mine came in a nice box similar to the kind cross pens come in .
turn the device so that the word `` pencil '' is facing up , and just push the button on the end . it 'll take a bunch on clicks .
yes , the pen is all metal and has quite a bit of heft to it . it has a nice , solid look and feel .
i do n't remember.but i do remember that the pen sucks ! the button that retracts the pen , gets stuck and then the pen is useless . had to send mine back . very dissapointed with this model .
how do you put replacement ink in ? the ones i received seems long ?
the first picture is the pen i got when i ordered .
i use monteverde mini ballpoint refills ( medium point ) for multi function pens . i did not like the fisher refills because they tended to skip a lot . these fit pretty loose in my space pen so i pressed the open end of the refill to make it a little out of round . this made it fit tight . i love this pen now that i use these refills . i hope this helps .
you were n't specific as to switching between colors while writing or in replacing the ink cartridges , so : switching colors while writing is easily done by holding the pen horizontally and then rolling it to one of 4 positions . the barrel of the pen itself has the colors , as well as the stylus point marked at the top just below the standard-style push button . you release each cartridge back inside by pushing a small button on the side of the upper barrel ; then you can select another ink cartridge or the stylus . explaining it takes much longer than to simply do it , but it works very well and the fisher pen i have found has the most well-made cartridge action mechanism of all of the `` quad '' style pens , and i have used many different quad pens over time , looking for one that was well made and would last . the fisher pen has and continues to operate like-new after using it daily for about 2 years . switching the cartridges when they run dry is very easy , simply open the pen by unscrewing the barrel halves and grasp the cartridge you need to replace and pull firmly until it slides out of the holding tube that remains in the top barrel half . the fisher cartridges are the best and last the longest , but in a pinch you can use any replacement cartridge designed for use in a `` quad '' style pen . hope this answered your question . you were n't specific as to switching between colors while writing or in replacing the ink cartridges , so : switching colors while writing is easily done by holding the pen horizontally and then rolling it to one of 4 positions . the barrel of the pen itself has the colors , as well as the stylus point marked at the top just below the standard-style push button . you release each cartridge back inside by pushing a small button on the side of the upper barrel ; then you can select another ink cartridge or the stylus . explaining it takes much longer than to simply do it , but it works very well and ... » read more you were n't specific as to switching between colors while writing or in replacing the ink cartridges , so : switching colors while writing is easily done by holding the pen horizontally and then rolling it to one of 4 positions . the barrel of the pen itself has the colors , as well as the stylus point marked at the top just below the standard-style push button . you release each cartridge back inside by pushing a small button on the side of the upper barrel ; then you can select another ink cartridge or the stylus . explaining it takes much longer than to simply do it , but it works very well and the fisher pen i have found has the most well-made cartridge action mechanism of all of the `` quad '' style pens , and i have used many different quad pens over time , looking for one that was well made and would last . the fisher pen has and continues to operate like-new after using it daily for about 2 years . switching the cartridges when they run dry is very easy , simply open the pen by unscrewing the barrel halves and grasp the cartridge you need to replace and pull firmly until it slides out of the holding tube that remains in the top barrel half . the fisher cartridges are the best and last the longest , but in a pinch you can use any replacement cartridge designed for use in a `` quad '' style pen . hope this answered your question . « show less
listen this is a fisher pen it takes the universal fisher space pen refill you can see this on the fisher site , i have no idea where this other person is getting their information , if you contact the fisher space pen customer service they will be happy to answer this question on stylus options www.spacepen.com is where you will get your best answer , it seems that any implement of the correct diameter can be substituted in the place of the stylus ( the sight suggests that you can replace it with another pen color ) so if you have a soft stylus that fits in a regular size pen refill spot it seems like it might be done with little effort . listen this is a fisher pen it takes the universal fisher space pen refill you can see this on the fisher site , i have no idea where this other person is getting their information , if you contact the fisher space pen customer service they will be happy to answer this question on stylus options www.spacepen.com is where you will get your best answer , it seems that any implement of the correct diameter can be substituted in the place of the stylus ( the sight suggests that you can replace it with another pen color ) so if you have a soft stylus that fits in a regular size pen refill spot it ... » read more listen this is a fisher pen it takes the universal fisher space pen refill you can see this on the fisher site , i have no idea where this other person is getting their information , if you contact the fisher space pen customer service they will be happy to answer this question on stylus options www.spacepen.com is where you will get your best answer , it seems that any implement of the correct diameter can be substituted in the place of the stylus ( the sight suggests that you can replace it with another pen color ) so if you have a soft stylus that fits in a regular size pen refill spot it seems like it might be done with little effort . « show less
hi rebecca , 1 year with our company .
i checked the power supply to this unit and it shows 120-240vac on the nameplate for rated input voltage with 12 volt dc output voltage to the polycom . i think you will be ok .
this unit itself only has a mic range of about 10ft . it could work if you got the expandable mics ( 2200-16155-001 ) for this unit . this is an analog conference phone so there is not much to setup . if you have an ip phone system i would recommend the polycom ip 6000 ( with mics ) or ip 7000 .
it plugs into the wall .
no it will not . it only works with analog lines ( analog fxs ) .
hi kartik , this will only work with an analog phone line . if you need an ip conference phone check out the konftel 300ip .
i do n't think this will work with a avaya system , but am not % 100 sure about that .
do n't think which service you use matters , as long as you have a standard 2.5mm port to plug into on your phone .
no this phone only accepts 1 phone line .
no
i 'm not acquainted with fios . it seems to be an advanced voip system ... if you can hook up a normal telephone set to a phone jack of this system , the polycom should work . it also work directly from the computer ... good luck
yes it does .
if you can use a regular phone with that then this phone will work as it plugs into a standard phone jack
no
yes it does .
yes , you can attach through an analog port , which would allow you to transfer calls to that extension , or wire ahead of the system to a pots line , so you dial the directory number to connect . the analog port is more functional , as it can be accessed throughout the system . it depends on which system you are using .
i have not bought a pad for it , what i have done instead is buy ink ( blue and red , any manufacturer should do ) and applied to pad . hope this helps !
it shows `` received by ___________________ '' can not comment on the start date since this was ordered in 2013 .
the dating on mine goes to 2017 .
no , but you 'll get 5 years out of it .
both . it 's like any feeder . 4x6 is outside limit
i have a v500 too . per the epson web site , it works with the following scanners : epson perfection 2480 photoepson perfection 2580 photoepson perfection 3490 photoepson perfection 3590 photoall discontinued models .
yes , i 'm pretty sure you can . you could contact epson 's techical support to be sure .
no .
i suspect your thought is valid . mine is in a brother box but no way to be sure if new or remanufactured ... amazon ought to find out from supplier .
about $ .02 per page with this cartridge
yes and yes , worked perfectly .
a shipping label was provided when we received the cartridge . i simply put the used cartridge in the box the new one came in and put the shipping label on it . it got sent back to brother .
yes it fit fine , but it did not last very long and it was used just as we have always used it .
'oem ' usually refers to : original equipment manufacture -in this case , brother
in my home office i have two phone lines . one phone line is dedicated to dsl , which requires filters . the filter may cause a conflict with sending and receiving information over the fax machine . my fax is connected to the phone line without the dsl . i recommend calling your dsl service provider . technology changes so quickly that they may have a solution .
this fax machine does not take ink . it 's a roll of `` film '' that looks like carbon paper . the advantage ? if you do n't use your fax regularly , you do n't have to worry about ink drying up . less expensive , too .
yesyou can use it on a modem
plain paper
yes . to an extent . when you pick up the dummy handset all that data is cleared .
no ink cartridge uses a pc-501 black thermal transfer ribbon for the brother fax 575 , ( 150 page yield ) .
no toner , it uses carbon paper , you buy by the roll , it 's a good machine , however the cost per copy in very high..jack murphy 305-664-8019
no - it 's monochrome , meaning black and white . this is an older model but ive had it for over 5 years and it 's been very reliable with virtually no maintenance .
yes but a limited amount , but you can find perfectly adequate replacement toner from any number of third party sites
open system preferences-internet & network-sharing-firewall . allow printer sharing on both computers .
i have used it on glass on my on wall storage . it stayed for 6 to 8 months without any kind of problem . ( most of summer ) . in winter from november it started to come out by itself but its still price effective . small tape around the corner would do the work but still its good to write after 10 months .
yes , but i would recommend a secondary adhesive to help it stick . the adhesive on the back of these rolls is n't strong enough by itself . i would also roll the canvas backing over and on top of the ends to keep the corners from coming up .
yes , i do n't see why you could n't cut it . it 's just basically a giant sticker .
it is pretty sticky and seems to adhere to most surfaces without a problem . i have removed it without any damage . i would not think it would be hard to remove or damaging . about the same as contact paper that can be removed from shelves .
it didnt worked for me that way . usually after removed once it did not adhered good next time . also each time after adhered came off after about 8 to 10 months . which is ok because of nature of product.i am using this from last 3 years and i do replace them every 6 months . i am using is a to do list board . its small area .
nope . i mounted it on a medium sized easel that had a chalkboard backing and it turned out great . biggest issue may be air bubbles , but it should be okay if you mount it carefully .
it 's white . you wo n't see the wall behind it . also , i noticed frank 's answer and i have no problems with it sticking to a normal painted drywall surface . it 's been on my wall for a while now with no issues .
i 'm sorry to say that if i would have known this did n't work before i bought it , i would not have bought it . it does work great as long as you are in regular ( single screen ) view , but as soon as i click the box for presenter view with dual screen , it no longer advances slides . if anybody know of a fix , please let me know . otherwise , i need to look for something that works and see if amazon will let me return it . and i thought i did my homework before this purchase !
hi , basically , yes ( i 'm using tiger ) . when you plug the usb device in , the keyboard setup screen will pop up , and you 'll have to ignore close it , since logitech does n't provide drivers . the f5 start presentation button does n't work in powerpoint ( i do n't use keynote ) , but the other buttons work ( even the sound control ) . there might be better solutions for the mac , but for me it works well enough .
it makes steaks every night and gives shoulder rubs . ha ! no , seriously , its fine . dont know why amazon was charging so much . is perfectly fine for what it is .
i too would liek to know if it works with vista ?
yes , they told me they could sell me a new remote at a `` discount '' ( higher than on amazon ) and would not sell me a remote . i had left mine in a classroom and it disappeared . seems like the wrong policy from logitech . if you support your customers , they will come back and recommend the device to others . i did buy another and use it all the time .
yes ! just gently remove the eraser and put refil lead in the chamber . hold the eraser end of the pen and gently replace the eraser !
they are regular lead pencils , sparkles on outside only . the sparkles are not that noticeable .
yes and no . if your child loses pencils a lot ( and they can add up in $ $ $ $ ) this would be a great pencil for the $ $ . however , my daughter who rarely loses a pencil i buy her higher quality bic pencils . my son who can go through a pack a week ( who knows what happens to them ) i buy him these pencils . the higher quality bic pencils the lead is stronger and while writing wo n't break as often . but all in all i think a 3rd grader would do fine with these .
nope , quick drying marker pens : )
these are felt tip pens . your ink would run if the paper got wet .
they are absolutely water based pens .
i have not had issues with bleeding . though very thin or cheap paper may have some issues , as you would expect .
yes ! i love them for taking notes and separating sections with colors
great ! they do n't bleed through . i love these !
if you are talking about regular looseleaf paper , no , they do n't bleed through to the other side .
no , not at all
i 've used mine for note-taking for over a year , and i have n't noticed any fading in the ink . it 's not as vibrant as when it initially goes onto the page , but that 's because it dries . i 've used mine on copy paper and in notebooks . i love them , and actually just bought a new set for summer school .
no . i have used triplus fineliners in watercolors using this property to my advantage . if i want something that wo n't bleed , i go with the prismacolor fineliners or microns . i can not say that i have tested stabilos for this , though , you might want to look into that .
it would work fine , but the cost of ink would probably outweigh the benefit of the fast printing . ink tanks are small . i would recommend you print postcards at : ( cheap , fast , and good quality ) : http : www.psprint.com affiliate index.asp ? offer=219 &affiliate; =cd1751
i print on breathing colors canvas ( .52mm ) via roll feed without any problems .
you can scan an existing disc and use that image with a program like print shop to print on an inkjet writable disc .
sorry , but i never solved this issue . just trashed my r1800 ( for other reasons ) and bought an epson r2000 . i have a brand new , in the box red ink cartridge that i can no longer use . i also have six other partially full ink cartridges for the r1800 . will send them to you for , say , $ 5.05 priority postage . let me know and i will give you my address .
check your ink levels , if you are out of any color you may see banding . also clean the printer heads .
if you have it on your plan ( i do and love it ) . if not on your plan , then you do n't have to get it .
this one is battery operated
i 'd call it `` winter white . '' it 's slightly creamy , but definitely not tan , and probably not `` off white '' to most people . it 's not as white as the shiny white phones we used to buy from at &t; back in the day , and it 's not as white as a white iphone , but it 's whiter than most other phones you 'll find today .
soft plastic .
no you can not .
no , the lcd display is not back lit . you will have to turn on the light in your room to see it at night . this is probably why it is rated as an energy star phone . the batteries ( 3 - aa ) last a long time . i only have to change mine about once a year .
to see the caller , you must put three ( 3 ) aa batteries in the back . the names and numbers are a bit dim , but if you pick up your phone and tilt it just right , you can see them .
you need to plug it in to a wall outlet
one year from date up purchase
i do n't think so . i , however , am not sure as i shipped it directly to my wife 's grandmother . it however worked extremely well . i highly recommend this phone .
i am pretty sure it did not .
from the manual : '' you can adjust the volume of incoming calls by simply sliding the vol control . this gives you up to 18 db more volume . if you want more amplification , follow the directions below.1 . press the amplify button as shown in figure 9 to turn the incoming voice amplifier on or off . when amplify is on , the amplify indicator comes on.http : www.manualslib.com manual 208772 ameriphone-xl50.html ? page=6 # manual
numbers count to 10. shapes are circle oval square rectangle diamond triangle heart star octagon
i believe they are 22 '' h and 17 '' w : ) that is what it says in the description . i do not still have mine but i did like them a lot ! i hope this helps : ) shanna : )
circle , square , rectangle , star , rhombus triangle , oval and heart
hi nicey , they 're 5 separate posters . they also have activities on the back of them , i 'm very happy with the ones i have .
not really but they a gloss finish in the from and activities on the back so u can make copies
the wheels on mine do not lock ( i just went out to the garage to verify ) .
two inches on bottomtwo and a half on top .
it is taller than 8.5 inches .
i just measured mine - height is 32 7 8 , but with handle it is 39 1 2 -- -- length is 43 7 8 , width is 25
2ft 8in at the top of the tray ; 3ft 2in at the handle
i believe it will hold from 300 to 400 # . it 's very strong and sturdy . i recommend it highly !
yes the handle is secured with the same screws used to attach the wheels and the rest of the parts .
it has been awhile since i bought this but i remember it was not that hard to assemble . looking at now , all i see are screws . i will tell you , it is great !
stack the 4 pages at the top of the machine , if the machine is working properly , it will feed one page at a time until all 4 pages are sent , i would call the manufacturer if the machine is not working properly .
it 's in the product description section of the listing ... product dimensions : 19.2 x 17.5 x 16.5 inches ; 23.4 pounds
need more info to answer
no it does not . at least if it does i am not aware of it . we use it at our office and while no one is there all weekend it accepts many faxes , it also has a memory in case it runs out of paper . so you wo n't miss any faxes .
been a while . i do n't remember but i think it included the cartridge . it 's straight forward , still working .
yes it will , you can print it manually or set it to print automatically
just checked regarding staples - no problem . push pins work but a typical push pin is longer than cork is thick . we are using the long hat pin type pins and putting them in at an angle .
it comes with screws ( with plastic grommets ) if you are hanging it on dry wall . had it up in 15 minutes .
it has metal trim . so if you have somethign to cut metal , i suppose . i would reccomend finding one shorter if you want the want the metal trim or getting one without the trim that you can cut to size .
we ordered staedtler eraser refills . the refills appear to be proprietary to their device and pencil sets . very good products so we do not mind . they are not expensive .
i narrow the tip to a point by running the motor while pressing the edges of the eraser on paper . takes seconds to do this and makes it possible to erase a very small spot .
after doing a lot of reading about erasers i would only use staedtler erasers that are offered for the little machine . they are made of the same quality as the wonderful mars eraser . as they say , accept no substitutes . amazon carries the erasers . apparently other machines use other sizes .
2-aaa 's
i would recommend you give these a shot , just so you get the hang of using fountain pens again . when i first started to use fps , i used a very heavy hand-a habit from the ballpoint and rollerball days . thankfully , i was only using disposable pens so i did n't end up ruining the nibs.although i 've moved on to more expensive pens , i still keep these around . they 're good value for money and are good writers as well .
i am left-handed and i do not have issues with smudging .
yes , i believe that they should be able to still function after a plane flight , as long as they are kept sealed with their caps .
closer to a medium but the pressure and speed you write with may influence it a little either way . i 've never had a problem with these and i write or print quickly .
i think they would be great for school . they are fun to use , and reliably write the first time , every time . good luck with high school !
yes , the tops of the pens indicate the color of each .
these essentially are eye-droppers . although not designed to be refillable , with a little effort , they can be refilled . do a search for `` refill pilot varsity '' .
the inkcan be distorted when it gets wet but not very easily . i have never found it to be a problem .
sorry , the answer is no . not available .
they 're from jacksonville , florida , usa .
they are manufactured in japan by pilot pen .
chris , try product # 77240 , they are black refills . although i rather buy a new package because they are cheap and good quality .
no . they are crisp and last quite a long time .
brian - all the ones that i have ordered so far have the ink matching the color of the pen . liz
.7mm
no they are not pre punched , look for the ones noted as pre-punched .
plastic
unpunched .
yes
yes
no , the connections were the wrong size and would not fit properly . i had a professional school technologist attempt to install this elmo , but it would not work .
sorry this can not be connected to the computer . you can only connect video monitor using svideo or rca connection . i do have another document camera that is dukane 335 that you can connect to your computer windows xp and you can save images from your book or text . dukane 335 is listed on amazon under my store oneil electronicsthankssam
no this one does not have vga port but i have another document camera lumens dc155 , it has vga port . here 's the link lumens 9610140-50 model dc170 ladibug high-definition document camera , full hd 1080p output resolution high speed 30fps dynamic image , vga and hdmi output , professional 2x sensor zoom , superior sensor delivery and crystal-clear image quality built-in microphone , built-in microphone , one-touch synchronous audio video recording , built-in sd card slot- supports sdhc and sdxc ; expandable to 64gb , jointless - highly flexible gooseneck , plug-and-play design , auto tune function : unique image optimization , innovative built-in power supply , compatible with all major brands of whiteboardsthankssam no this one does not have vga port but i have another document camera lumens dc155 , it has vga port . here 's the link lumens 9610140-50 model dc170 ladibug high-definition document camera , full hd 1080p output resolution high speed 30fps dynamic image , vga and hdmi output , professional 2x sensor zoom , superior sensor delivery and crystal-clear image quality built-in microphone , built-in microphone , one-touch synchronous audio video recording , built-in sd card slot- supports sdhc and sdxc ; expandable to 64gb , jointless - highly flexible ... » read more no this one does not have vga port but i have another document camera lumens dc155 , it has vga port . here 's the link lumens 9610140-50 model dc170 ladibug high-definition document camera , full hd 1080p output resolution high speed 30fps dynamic image , vga and hdmi output , professional 2x sensor zoom , superior sensor delivery and crystal-clear image quality built-in microphone , built-in microphone , one-touch synchronous audio video recording , built-in sd card slot- supports sdhc and sdxc ; expandable to 64gb , jointless - highly flexible gooseneck , plug-and-play design , auto tune function : unique image optimization , innovative built-in power supply , compatible with all major brands of whiteboardsthankssam « show less
this one will not do the job for you i have other listing under elmo and epson document camera it can be hooked to computer
i do n't actually have the phone . i was just commenting on the ability of a wired phone like this to remain working when your home power goes out . however , the picture on the 2554 clearly shows that the cord is modular and can be changed . i was a phone repairman in the 1970 's and all phones by the end of that decade were constructed with modular cords . it would be relatively difficult to actually find a hard-wired phone except maybe in the salvation army bins . look carefully at the picture of the phone on the amazon offering and it 's pretty clear that the cord is modular on both ends and can be exchanged for any other modular handset cord . i do n't actually have the phone . i was just commenting on the ability of a wired phone like this to remain working when your home power goes out . however , the picture on the 2554 clearly shows that the cord is modular and can be changed . i was a phone repairman in the 1970 's and all phones by the end of that decade were constructed with modular cords . it would be relatively difficult to actually find a hard-wired phone except maybe in the salvation army bins . look carefully at the picture of the phone on the amazon offering and it 's pretty clear that the cord is modular on both ends and can ... » read more i do n't actually have the phone . i was just commenting on the ability of a wired phone like this to remain working when your home power goes out . however , the picture on the 2554 clearly shows that the cord is modular and can be changed . i was a phone repairman in the 1970 's and all phones by the end of that decade were constructed with modular cords . it would be relatively difficult to actually find a hard-wired phone except maybe in the salvation army bins . look carefully at the picture of the phone on the amazon offering and it 's pretty clear that the cord is modular on both ends and can be exchanged for any other modular handset cord . « show less
mine is black . it is useless . truly . do not purchase .
i do n't think so . i replace another wall mounted unit , so the jack was there . i 'd take it off to look for you , but they are tricky to get back on again . however , there ia a bigger issue with this phone - the voice quality is very poor . i never pick it up and use my portables to answer all my calls . the only reason it 's still on the wall is so we have one `` hard wired '' phone in the house that will work during a power outage . other than that , it 's sound quality is worse than my wireless phones !
under product details see > > product dimensions : 9.8 x 6 x 4.5 inches ; 2.2 pounds
i 've only used the picturemate for 4x6 size prints . if you do a google search on the machine , you will see that one sample picture has 2 pictures on one that take up the entire 4x6 print with the exception of a small white separation line . i would say that it will do both size prints .
we have only used it with a digital camera card . i did not think it was compatible with iphones .
when you buy a used product each one would be different . one seller may have all items whereas another may not . the one i purchased did come in the original box , with the power cord . i do n't remember about the manual , but i had one previously so i knew how it worked . if you have a way to contact the seller you would need to do that if you want all the details
that specific model does not have any bluetooth capabilities.i have n't heard of any picturemate printer having a bluetooth option . do a google search.it 's a great printer but the ink is expensive and the heads have to be cleaned on a regular basis if you do not use it for a period of time . the heads dry up if the printer sits for an extended period of time .
no , you could transfer your pictures to an sd card and then print from that .
not sure about windows 8 as i use it with windows 7. definitely not wireless . hood luck
yes , `` trial '' ones that are about 1 2 full .
no !
not officially supported by windows 7 , though , there are allegedly workarounds to be found if you search the web . i was pointed to one such workaround but did not try it , as it did not appear to be simple .
yes . dell shipped this model with new xp computers for years .
i do n't know if they 're safe to place on apples . i would believe that would be a question best sent to avery via their web site .
hi kenneth ! unfortunately , we only offer free shipping on orders over $ 60 when purchased directly through us.thank you , aistebisonoffice
they are matte ... and 3 4 '' is quite small . the sheet size is 4 '' x6 ''
yes they can . i used these to print `` thank you '' and put them on the bottom of hersey kisses . fit perfect .
the perfect size . that 's exactly what i did with them : - )
yes , my printer has a rear feed tray that adjusts to the size of these sheets . follow the directions in the package and it works perfectly .
yes . exactly .
it 's paper so a pen would work great . a sharpie may bleed a bit .
yes it works with 220v 50hz . see spec sheet http : www.polycom.com content dam polycom common documents data-sheets soundstation2-ds-enus.pdf
no , you have to use a button to get a dial tone and then dial the phone number using the key pad
yes . it does ...
yes , it is compatible with imac osx v 10.47 ( you should update your mac os - - it 's free . ) please note this advisory in using hp all-in-one printers . only buy new and official hp ink cartridges . change them when it indicates to do so . the cartridges are coded with an expiration date ( i suspect because the ink dries out ) if the printer indicates that the cartridge is past its expiration date replace it ( this is expensive of course and wasteful ) if you use the cartridge after this warning you will invalidate your warranty ( it will advise you of that in the printer status display ) and , the printer will fail . consequently , if it is your practice to buy a large supply of ink cartridges and store them until you need them , you should refrain from this practice and buy them just before you need them so that you do not run into expiration date issues . finally , avoid buying the ink cartridges online since you may be buying ones that are already past their expiration date . ultimately , hp sells their printers on the cheap and makes their money on their over priced ink cartridges that have a built-in limited lifespan , even if unused . i recommend epson or canon inkjet and all-in-one printers , we have had much better experience with them and their photo printing is just fine . yes , it is compatible with imac osx v 10.47 ( you should update your mac os - - it 's free . ) please note this advisory in using hp all-in-one printers . only buy new and official hp ink cartridges . change them when it indicates to do so . the cartridges are coded with an expiration date ( i suspect because the ink dries out ) if the printer indicates that the cartridge is past its expiration date replace it ( this is expensive of course and wasteful ) if you use the cartridge after this warning you will invalidate your warranty ( it will advise you of that in the printer status display ) and , the ... » read more yes , it is compatible with imac osx v 10.47 ( you should update your mac os - - it 's free . ) please note this advisory in using hp all-in-one printers . only buy new and official hp ink cartridges . change them when it indicates to do so . the cartridges are coded with an expiration date ( i suspect because the ink dries out ) if the printer indicates that the cartridge is past its expiration date replace it ( this is expensive of course and wasteful ) if you use the cartridge after this warning you will invalidate your warranty ( it will advise you of that in the printer status display ) and , the printer will fail . consequently , if it is your practice to buy a large supply of ink cartridges and store them until you need them , you should refrain from this practice and buy them just before you need them so that you do not run into expiration date issues . finally , avoid buying the ink cartridges online since you may be buying ones that are already past their expiration date . ultimately , hp sells their printers on the cheap and makes their money on their over priced ink cartridges that have a built-in limited lifespan , even if unused . i recommend epson or canon inkjet and all-in-one printers , we have had much better experience with them and their photo printing is just fine . « show less
it is not wireless .
no , not to my knowledge .
remanufactured hp 61 cartridges are available at hp store . search for hp 61 .
with one i just bought used through amazon i have n't had a problem , but my last one i had a big problem with paper feed . i had over $ 100 in ink cartridges so i purchased a used one and it seems to work great . but i also use the best paper . it 's thicker .
scan to . open control panel open hp printer 1510 , then click to scan ! i think . good luck !
is the fx-300es
no
epson stylus photo r2400 ink jet printer is a fine printer . it can print on ilford gallerie professional inkjet photo range papers . it is compatible with all epson , hp , lexmark and canon dye-based inkjet printers . does a wonderful job on all ilford different type papers . do n't know if 240gsm is the thickness of the paper or not ... just love their papers for professional printing results , paul .
on the paper covers , yes , not in the plastic or the actual cd ( obviously )
this is the deep and meaningful subject of color management . basically you need to be aware that all devices do their best to produce consistent colors but all of them have slight differences ( mostly unavoidable ) . color management is a process that attempts to deal with this . input devices like cameras and scanners are profiled , imaging software can use that profile to convert it to an independant `` color space '' , and then can convert the colors to profiled output devices so the output is as close as possible to the desired colors.the most common devices in use by most photographers are : - digital camera ... often using white balance instead of a profile ( your d200 is like that ... i use one too ) - monitor ... these can be very different ( just visit your local tv store ... all the models will have subtle differences ) - printer ... being subtractive rather than additive color these require a lot of conversion and the profiles are different for each paper on each printer and will change when you renew your ink . most people accept an averaged profile from the paper manufacturer for the specific printer model they are using.for monitor and printer the only true way to assess the profile is a hardware device ( spectracolorimeter ) that actually outputs test colors and measures the color . these are very affordable for monitors and highly recommended ( i use a huey , the spyder is another example ) . mine is hooked up all the time and adusts the profile every couple of minutes to allow for the changing color of ambient light.the printer equivelant is expensive so several alternative approaches have emerged ... all using test cards prints of some type . if you want one of the best solutions at the moment look at printfix pro ... the suite comes with the spyder included.note : they quite literally write books about this stuff ... so expect to invest a little effort to get your head around it . it can be confusing at first ( and later too actually ... but it is worth it if you want consistent color prints ) . this is the deep and meaningful subject of color management . basically you need to be aware that all devices do their best to produce consistent colors but all of them have slight differences ( mostly unavoidable ) . color management is a process that attempts to deal with this . input devices like cameras and scanners are profiled , imaging software can use that profile to convert it to an independant `` color space '' , and then can convert the colors to profiled output devices so the output is as close as possible to the desired colors.the most common devices in use by most ... » read more this is the deep and meaningful subject of color management . basically you need to be aware that all devices do their best to produce consistent colors but all of them have slight differences ( mostly unavoidable ) . color management is a process that attempts to deal with this . input devices like cameras and scanners are profiled , imaging software can use that profile to convert it to an independant `` color space '' , and then can convert the colors to profiled output devices so the output is as close as possible to the desired colors.the most common devices in use by most photographers are : - digital camera ... often using white balance instead of a profile ( your d200 is like that ... i use one too ) - monitor ... these can be very different ( just visit your local tv store ... all the models will have subtle differences ) - printer ... being subtractive rather than additive color these require a lot of conversion and the profiles are different for each paper on each printer and will change when you renew your ink . most people accept an averaged profile from the paper manufacturer for the specific printer model they are using.for monitor and printer the only true way to assess the profile is a hardware device ( spectracolorimeter ) that actually outputs test colors and measures the color . these are very affordable for monitors and highly recommended ( i use a huey , the spyder is another example ) . mine is hooked up all the time and adusts the profile every couple of minutes to allow for the changing color of ambient light.the printer equivelant is expensive so several alternative approaches have emerged ... all using test cards prints of some type . if you want one of the best solutions at the moment look at printfix pro ... the suite comes with the spyder included.note : they quite literally write books about this stuff ... so expect to invest a little effort to get your head around it . it can be confusing at first ( and later too actually ... but it is worth it if you want consistent color prints ) . « show less
if you need to use dye inks you will have to switch printers , perhaps the canon pro series will do you well . as for the bulk ink systems , unless you are using a system by the manufacture you can expect strong degradation in the color gamut and or image life . sorry to say , if you want quality prints , it does n't come cheap !
almost certainly your printer has a dirty or clogged print head on one of the cartridges . use the utilities to assist in diagnosing the problem . regards , bill
it does . the main purpose of this printer is to print photographs , either color or black and white . but it can print anything you ask it to do , including true black text .
be very careful in picking a replacement ink . the cheap stuff on ebay will work , but the color gamut is wildly different so color management will be a nightmare . i have been using the lyson cavepaint in my 2200 for years with excellent results , it actually has a slightly wider gamut than the epson ink . i am waiting for their 2400 compatable ink and bulk feed system before purchasing my 2400 , but i will trust their inks .
yes the epson r2400 is fully supported on the mac and drivers for advanced features are available on the epson website . i have this printer attached to my macbook pro and it is an excellent photo quality printer .
i do n't have this printer , but use the epson 2200 and i can definitely say that i would not recommend it to print on plain paper . on epson 's papers , the prints are superb , but on plain paper , they look washed out and the paper feels like it becomes saturated , almost wet with ink when printing at higher resolutions . since both printers are using epson archival inks , i would venture to guess that the r2400 would behave the same way .
i 've had mixed reaction with the mailing of these . one postal worker said it is considered a parcel . really ? at a mailing store i had one sent for .82 and was really happy with that . went back to the same place days later and they wanted to charge me over $ 2.50 . after expressing my opinion it went out for around a dollar . they are all over the map with the cost to mail these . the post office charged me over 3.00 each and that is what sent me to other places . good luck in getting a place that charges what should be charged and not most of the above prices .
probably not , unless you really work hard at folding the envelope up -- and , even then , it might make lumps not good for the dvd and you might not be able to get it closed . it *could* be done , but it might really be a tight squeeze . a larger envelope with cardboard in it might be a better bet ( he can also change the delivery address for the netflix while he 's away and they can send them straight to him ) . i hope that helps ! ( if you were sending it to him with just the netflix sleeve and not the red envelope , it might fit , but i think that would defeat the whole purpose , since i 'm sure he needs the red envelope to send it back ) . probably not , unless you really work hard at folding the envelope up -- and , even then , it might make lumps not good for the dvd and you might not be able to get it closed . it *could* be done , but it might really be a tight squeeze . a larger envelope with cardboard in it might be a better bet ( he can also change the delivery address for the netflix while he 's away and they can send them straight to him ) . i hope that helps ! ( if you were sending it to him with just the netflix sleeve and not the red envelope , it might fit , but i think that would defeat the whole purpose , since i 'm sure he needs ... » read more probably not , unless you really work hard at folding the envelope up -- and , even then , it might make lumps not good for the dvd and you might not be able to get it closed . it *could* be done , but it might really be a tight squeeze . a larger envelope with cardboard in it might be a better bet ( he can also change the delivery address for the netflix while he 's away and they can send them straight to him ) . i hope that helps ! ( if you were sending it to him with just the netflix sleeve and not the red envelope , it might fit , but i think that would defeat the whole purpose , since i 'm sure he needs the red envelope to send it back ) . « show less
it is blank on both sides .
my scale is most accurate . one weight 0.6 ounces . ( a little over 1 2 ounce ) . they 're great . i used themfor mailing sports cards & dvd 's with no problems . hope this helps !
mailers are a 1 8 inch thick .
it would be tight .
yes ... and then some . i use the white cardboard mailers to send out cdsx with a polyurethane cover and have no problem ... ..they are very sturdy and i think you will be a bit surprised at the quality , which is excellent ... ... ..have used them for three years in a row now to handle big mailings with never a problem ...
the weight this mailer + a cd is 1.2oz .
very slightly glossy but not bad -- i wrote on these with permanent marker , and they only smudged if i touched it immediately .
swing the base all the way out away from the stapler , the plunger should then pop open . the staples load upside down in the bottom of the stapler , load the staples , then push the plunger back in .
yes it does . i love this stapler . i do n't use it much but a co workers has had hers for years and loves it too
the stapler was wonderful while it lasted , sadly , which was about 2 months . throat depth is 3 '' . my friend who recommended the stapler -- hers is still going strong after several years , so maybe the quality control has evaporated ? i went back to a red swingline .
15 sheets is no problem . thx
it is around 11.75 wide . it 's the perfect size for my 10.5 inch sony dvd player . spacer height is 1.75 inches high .
yes
no , the height under the stand is only 5 inches .
almost 5 ''
no
approximately 5 3 8 ''
easily can hold the weight of a standard monitor up to about 22 '' .
it 's original in a sealed container . just like the picture shows .
works fine for me .
yes it is .
i thought so wnen i bought it & turned out it was a good deal . you can get cheap ink , but that 's what you get , cheap . stick with the good stuff .
yes
yeah , i clicked on this through their special deals to see that they have a $ 10 ink cartridge on sale for $ 20 . sure that sounds like a ripoff until you see they usually sell the $ 10 cartridge for $ 100.nice of you to report it . we 'll see how long until they fix it .
according to the cannon website , yes , the pg-40 is the right black ink cartridge for the pixma mx300 . if you want a high capacity cartridge , the pg-50 will work , too .
sorry do n't know
yes , i tend to buy the 50 and 51 extended life ones though they are more expensive .
please make sure your printer is set on black and white and color mode . in the on line instructions there is also a nozzle cleaning program you can try . if you get is to print , print a full color photo of some kind and set your printer on photo quality and print at least 5 pictures . this should clear up your issue.thank you freddie
yes
it worked well enough . thanks for providing a good quality product .
it is very good for color images . i even print photos with it .
as far as i can tell , it 's genuine ( in a canon box and canon cartridge ) .
logs yes , surds never needed them so i do n't know . i know wolframalpha.com can do that stuff for sure
it is not a graphing calculator . it can solve equations , integrate , and differentiate , however it does not have a differential equation solver like the high end graphing calculators do . if you are taking a diffeq course i can tell you first hand that you will not need a graphing calculator for anything , or a diffeq solver . i highly recommend this calculator .
yes , it has a solver that can do that and it 's pretty easy to use . as i got into upper levels of math though ( calculus and onwards ) , it would take over a minute to return an answer . i found this to be the case when raised powers and square roots were involved . if you 're looking to solve for x in these cases , i would suggest the ti-84 . it has a polynomial solver that can solve orders up to 10. it 's the `` plysmlt '' app that comes preinstalled with the calculator .
i 've had this for over two years now and the keys are fine . the calculator comes with a back cover that can protect the keys
no . however its the best easy to use and have all major functionality that engineer and mathematicians needs . i just completed bs in computer engineering and i hardly used graphic calculator with this .
no
i bought these 4 years ago and they are great . they sent me the nickel plated color , but i do n't know what they are sending out now . review your return options carfully before you purchase .
depends on how strong your spring is . magnet is pretty strong but you have to engage it slowly or it wo n't always hold .
if you mean the cupped piece , it 's diameter is 1.19 inches .
it mounts easy if you have a drill , drill bit and screwdriver . both pieces have a base that is mounted in place with a screw . once the base is in place the doorstop is attached in place over the mounted base .
i do n't exactly know , however , i have used it continuously for 10-15 minutes and it worked fine for that period of time . this is the best shredder i 've ever had , and i expect i 'll get many years of use out of it ; and when it eventually expires i will buy the same shredder again .
hi jeff , this is what is on the back of the shredder : input 115 vac , 5amp , 60hz hope this helps . i really like this shredder and have had no problems
the unit only runs while the sensor on the in feed `` sees '' paper or a cd card . it stops automatically after shredding whatever you 've `` fed '' it . i leave my on continuously ( it 's in a standby mode until it `` sees '' something to shred ) and it is always ready to go . it will also `` beep '' at you insistently when the bin is full . it is absolutely the best shredder i 've even owned - better than any shredder i 've ever had at work too . hope that helps .
it 's sturdy , no worries .
sorry , no . it tilts from the center arm so the keyboard can be positioned in height and be parallel or tipped high or low in front . i have a stand up desk so i line the keyboard high to the front so my hand is in a natural position , wrists straight , fingers down . my desk opening is 25 '' and there is very little clearance ... not 2 ''
the metal track is < 18 '' long so that should be fine . the keyboard itself may protrude from underneath the desk , but my desk is 36 '' deep and the way it was installed extends in front of my desk as well . i think you 'll be fine .
yes , depending on how deep your desk is and where you install the arm . i do not have a deep desk and was able to install so the table is just even with the desk when i push it in .
not sure , but my desk top is 1 '' thick and they did not come through .
the bracket in which the tray slides back and forth is exactly 18 '' long . as long as you have the 18 '' behind 1.5 '' strip , to the back of the desk , it will work . the `` arm '' which comes down from the sliding bracket would reach below the strip and out towards you . normally , one uses the keyboard below the surface level of the desk . the only impediment would be if you tried to raise the tray straight up level with the desk top . then , it might not work .
the width of the `` platform '' without the mouse pad being attached is exactly 19 1 4 '' . at its widest point the mouse pad is 7 1 8 '' wide , and when slid over the top of the keyboard , results in a total width of the assembly of 23 1 2 '' . the mouse pad is completely detachable , quite easily . i 'm very pleased with this product .
wood screws underneath the desk surface . took a drill ( pilot holes ) and a phillips screw driver . about 20mins to install . not hard , just mark your holes from putting the plate under the desk for where to pilot your holes , then install plate . other plate board just slides in , then you install one screw to keep if from coming out the front . like a safety screw . hope this helps .
yes , it is higher and there is no way to lower it.still a good purchase
yes , but you do have to tell it what kind of film it is i.e . b &w; neg , color neg , color slide , it gives great resolution and color rendition ... it also comes with photoshop elements ( my unit did ) another thing you can scan 2 1 4 film.thats one big pic.i have had this unit for a few years . and it does good work.also , i went to college and majored in photography , so i have some experience in film ...
no it will not
nope . but you can put several photos on the scanner bed to scan at once . the scanner bed is about 9 in x 14 in .
i never used it with vista home premium , but epson 's website says it is compatible with vista . but read this from the epson web site about installing drivers : http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store support supadvice.jsp ? bv_usebvcookie=yes &type; =highlights ¬eoid; =86150 . says not to insert the install disk that comes with the printer . i would give it a try , as amazon would let you return it if it does not work .
yep ! that 's what i have . works great . fine scanner -- for docs and negs alike .
yes , i now own the scanner and can confidently say that it scans pretty much any type of film imaginable . it comes with removable templates . the templates are for scanning 35mm film , 35mm slides and mid-range film sizes ( i scanned an old 6mmx9mm with this template . ) it does scan 110mm and 126mm film , however it does not have templates for these and does not auto-create thumbnails . scanning these film sizes is a little more labor intensive on your part . but , at least for the 126mm film , it is worth it -- the negatives that i have scanned so far ( over 200 ) have come out great . the 110mm film comes out good , but since it is such a small film size , it is difficult to get a crisp picture from those negatives . hope this helps you a bit ! yes , i now own the scanner and can confidently say that it scans pretty much any type of film imaginable . it comes with removable templates . the templates are for scanning 35mm film , 35mm slides and mid-range film sizes ( i scanned an old 6mmx9mm with this template . ) it does scan 110mm and 126mm film , however it does not have templates for these and does not auto-create thumbnails . scanning these film sizes is a little more labor intensive on your part . but , at least for the 126mm film , it is worth it -- the negatives that i have scanned so far ( over 200 ) have come out great . the 110mm film ... » read more yes , i now own the scanner and can confidently say that it scans pretty much any type of film imaginable . it comes with removable templates . the templates are for scanning 35mm film , 35mm slides and mid-range film sizes ( i scanned an old 6mmx9mm with this template . ) it does scan 110mm and 126mm film , however it does not have templates for these and does not auto-create thumbnails . scanning these film sizes is a little more labor intensive on your part . but , at least for the 126mm film , it is worth it -- the negatives that i have scanned so far ( over 200 ) have come out great . the 110mm film comes out good , but since it is such a small film size , it is difficult to get a crisp picture from those negatives . hope this helps you a bit ! « show less
i did scan some very old negatives from the '30s , but it is not easy . back then , negitives were in all kinds of shapes and sizes . the scanner does just fine , but the software is poor . i did this a few years ago , so as i remember , i used gimp on a linux machine . otherwise , the epson software expects the negative to fit into one of the included frames . using this process , it took a few minutes of fiddle with the settings to scan just one negative .
i ca n't say for sure . my desk is pretty big though , and my monitor is mounted pretty securely .
it will tilt down all the way to horizontal . you can attach it to a desk , tilt it down , and lie on the floor to look at it if you want .
hi . i use the arm without the included extension and the length is about 12 '' . the extension is about 2 '' -4 '' inches long . it has held my 22 '' tv perfectly for longer than 3 years .
it has both 75mmx75mm and 100mmx100mm vesa mounting plates . as long as your monitor has one of these two configurations , it will work .
5 32 for the big one , and 3 32 for the small one .
i extended it out just around 5-7 inch 's or so .
i do n't believe so . my neo-flex arm is very unwieldy about taking up space at various angles ... ..maybe i am wrong , but i doubt it would work for you .
the arm adjustment is simple you support the weight of the monitor and press the release button on the arm and raise it to the desired height and release the button . the adjustment only takes a couple of seconds .
avery website has all the templates for their products- i have used this and it is pretty awesome . search avery 8698 template and you should get many options . they have pre-made designs or blank ones you can design yourself . i used this for digital portfolios i had to submit for grad school .
been using for years . very happy . no software included but , easy download @ www.avery.com media
20 labels and 20 inserts . you probably want avery 8693 which will give you 40 inserts and no labels .
i 'm guessing your all in one does n't have a decal on the door to the ink cartridges . you can always check hps website and ask them .
ink is organic ... like milk it will eventually go bad ...
depending on the kind of copy you require , such as pictures versus type ... from 70 to 116 ... and that 's probably liberal , i 'm only going on experience , but it also seemed to change from dryer days to wetter rainy days ...
i found this page from a google search . maybe it will help you . good luck ! http : www.fixya.com support t2883236-replaced_ink_nothing_prints_not_even
i think it is . i comes with software for apple macintosh .
i 'm not sure . but i can check , it will be about 2 hours before i get back to you . i 'm away from the office right now
maybe ebay . good luck !
yes it has a scanner ! that is why i chose this model . it is flatbed , though smaller than , say , legal size paper . however it has the ability , with special holders and a backlight , to scan negatives and slides ! i have uploaded two images i have scanned with this thing : one is from a b w negative , the other is a hand tinted b w photo . i must say i am extremely pleased . i have n't tried to scan text yet , but my nephew 's drawings scanned beautifully and are larger than life on the highest resolution .
yes , i have the same problem . do you have any ideas ?
it is new from canon , and both fits and works perfectly .
it 's genuine oem replacement toner cartridge .
as per the canon website , yes , see linkwww.usa.canon.com cusa support consumer printers_multifunction imageclass_series imageclass_mf4150 # suppliesandaccessories
i do n't know .
i believe the answer is yes . i have an older multi-function device call canon usa customer care to verify compatibilty . stay with canon oem cartridges and away from pretenders . the multifunctions are great products . good luck .
it should be in a sealed cardboard box ( no tape on it - it has a strip you pull to open ) that says 'canon ' on it and 'genuine ' - and usually runs around $ 60 and up . hope this helps .
you should use canon 128 toner cartridge . i tried using after market refurbished refilled cartridge for my mf4370dn . one was bad at start and the other worked for a while and it went bad so i purchased one from cannon and it is working good .
black print speed up to 30 ppmcolor print speed up to 24 ppm
i got rid of mine and got a canon ! have had no problems !
print speeds vary according to the complexity of the documentup to 30 copies per minute black ; 24 copies per minute color
i bought the carrier sheets to work with our fujitsu pa03360-0013 scansnap . they are excellent ! i typically use the sheets for 11x17 sheets of paper , but also works well for torn papers . the scansnap comes with just 1 carrier sheet - wish i had bought the additional carrier sheets earlier . sorry , no idea if the carrier sheets work with epson models . they are inexpensive enough to buy and try though .
clear plastic sheets that you put the item to be scanned between . flattens odd shaped , crumpled pieces that tend to get caught in scanner . works great !
i am not an expert user , but i just happened to save a link to the carrier sheets.http : scansnapcommunity.com tips-tricks 9235-make-your-life-easier-with-carrier-sheets ? jujrtyghfud332786a4034981a333a2471a239400 go to this link and click on `` use the scansnap carrier sheet to scan wide documents . '' in the q & a some replies say that the carrier sheets work with the s1300i .
yes , i use them every day with mine .
do n't know if they work with scansnap s1100i ( suspect they do ) but they are reusable . i 've scanned hundreds ( maybe thousands ) of pages with mine as i thinned out my physical file cabinet . have a couple that are showing scuff marks from use , but scans are still clean , so continue to use them . i have several , so i can quickly scan multiple pages of small or folded pages into one document .
in a word - yesi am using bluetooth to connect it to both win7 and 8 laptops . no issues .
it was for me . i did n't seem to have any problem using it when i upgraded from xp to windows 7 .
yes . just use the `` add printer '' function in os x. i use it on both a pc and mac .
no , ours do not come with the battery.thanks ,
no , it does not .
yes , you may . make sure that the bluetooth is activated on both machines .
yes , you can use the usb for the printer
bill you have to put the image files on a jump drive or memory stick for it to work .
no that means it has to go to ho for repair
i have win7 and it runs well . do n't know about win8
first try the internet [ ebay ] . if you have no success there , try hp direct .
i do n't use mac but if you had a 5610 that did work , this should work . hp 's driver software however has proven very buggy on every hp printer i 've had , and uninstalling it to do a clean reinstall is very difficult . generic drivers work better for me , but do n't provide all the features like fax and scan . but macs are n't supposed to have problems like this i hear .
not only does it look the same , the 57 cartridge fits in perfectly . however , the software in the printer displays an error message when the 57 cartridge is used instead of the 22. i already own 56 carts from a previous unit & would like to be able to use them . if anyone knows a way to defeat the error code , would appreciate it .
yes , it does . i purchased this printer from amazon last week . the box contained a separate cd for installation on machines running vista . i had no problems with the installation and have had no problems with at all .
yes !
sorry , but i have no idea about this question .
universal pricing code . for most upcs , the following applies : first 5 digits within the 1st set of guard bars is the manufacturer ... , the next 5 digits within the 2nd set of guard bars is the `` item '' .
yes , this is the 'big ' one . the pgi-5bk is the large ink tank used for regular black printing ; the four smaller tanks ( including one black for some reason ) are cli-8 . i believe the smaller black ink is not an alternative , it is used only in printing pictures .
the minimum height is 1.5 inches . with one additional leg attached at each corner , it raises to 3 inches.hope this helps .
the width across the top is just under 12 inches the depth is about 9 1 2 inches . i have both feet on mine and there is approx 4 inches of space underneath . between the legs you have a little over 8 inches .
four and three-quarters inches to top of stand . four inches under the stand .
i suppose it would work for a small keyboard ( no more than 12 inches wide ) . for a regular size keyboard you will want a wider item , as you will want the outer edges of the keyboard on a solid surface for stability .
it 's a pretty sturdy stand , so i think weight wise it could probably handle it . it 'd be a bit awkward though because this is only about as wide as a monitor stand , i 'd be more worried about it tipping over
product dimensions : 9 x 3 x 11.5 inches , the feet are adjustable to different heights
if you need it , it will be worthy to buy it ; looking good , and stay strong .
yes , extremely well . all of our applications for it ( over 20+ ) are on carpeted surfaces .
up or down position requires 2 '' clearance ; swing arcs 4.5 '' .
yes . coatings of metallic zinc are generally regarded as the most economical means of protecting against corrosion .
no , not at all . it 'll stop a door from swinging closed in a wind or for a door installed unlevel that tends to swing on its own .
no
i used this on my hollow wooden door . it 's holding up fine with moderate use .
no it is not
yes , and they are `` wood '' screws . ( i believe 1 '' ) i did also install them on metal doors and metal screws were required . i tried the wood screws on the metal doors and they did not grip properly .
you will be 1 2 inch short . from the bottom of the mount ( not the two mounting holes as they are further up from the bottom of the mount by about 1 4 inch ) to the bottom of the rubber tip is 3 inches when extended so the tip is flat with the floor . even if you mounted the stop at the very bottom of the door you would be 1 2 inch short .
yes
probably ought to contact cisco to ask the question as mine is on a pc and works perfectly . sorry that i ca n't give you a positive response .
hi dances with cats . from the floor to the bottom of the shelf , it measures 37.5 inches . the shelf is a little less than 2 inches thick , so from the floor to the top of the keyboard shelf , it 's approximately 39.25 inches . hope this helps . it 's a nice unit , by the way . the only complaint is that some of the screws broke during assembly , so we had to replace those to finish the job ( available at any hardware store ) .
the mouse tray slides to either side .
34 '' x 10 ''
yes , you can . it 's just 4 screws that hold that bottom shelf in place . but , 2 things you should know:1. that bottom shelf is adjustable . i have mine in a much higher slot than the one picture.2 . the bottom shelf acts as a stabilizer to the 2 long legs . if you take out the bottom shelf , the unit probably wo n't roll as smoothly and will not be as stable .
no it is not . it needs a total assembly . it takes about an hour or so to assemble at least for me . for someone who is more efficient , probably would take 30 minutes .
yes , the stand is extremely sturdy . i am very , very happy with mine , which i 've had for over 4 years .
yes
i would not put it in a shower . i do not think it would be safe from water seeping in .
hanging file folders fit perfectly
yes , mine does . there is a stiffness to the lid so it even stays in position halfway open too !
it would depend on how much you have in each folder . i would say it holds about 25 empty folders . i bought it to store real estate lock boxes in , that is why i am not 100 % sure .
inside dimensions are 12 1 2 inches for your hanging file folders and 5 inches deep . suits my purposes .
i believe it is a 1 '' core .
it 's thicker & holds very well ! if its 1 year later an you want to remove the tape it comes off cleanly . : )
i 'm only answering because i had the same trouble at first . i do not mean to offend if you think i 'm just stating the obvious . once you start , leave the covering long and cut the tape from it . it was my instinct to cut all the pieces to size , instead i pealed & cut leaving the covering long and uncut .
the tape is clear , with a red liner on one side . to use this tape , leave on the red liner while you pull out to the length you need and cut with scissors . press the sticky ( clear ) side onto whatever you are taping . with the liner still on , you can press on the tape to make sure it is adhered firmly to your object . then pick at the corner of the tape until the red liner peels up . pull off the red liner , leaving the tape stuck to your object . now you can press the object to the surface where you want it mounted . press and hold for a few seconds to make sure there is good contact . that 's it !
probably , but not very well . i would recommend actual carpet tape for that
it is about 1 8th , give or take 1 64th
yes
it is a clear `` tape '' and i think it should be good for air and water but after the surfaces are already bonded . not sure as how good it is ageist water but i am sure it will hold after it has cured .
yes , definitely . the colors are bright and highly visible and adhere very good . ca n't beat the price too ! love amazon !
yes , you can . it really is a very good bargain . they really are removable , too .
hi david , im looking at these color coding labels aka stickers right now , and i have no way to tell if theyre `` acid-free . '' i wish i could help more ? im sorry ... : (
it does n't have an `` expired '' date but an `` expiration '' date .
depends on two things : 1 ) how expense ( or cheap ) was the purchase price originally ; and most important , 2 ) are you happy with the performance of your printer ? if everything is working fine and you are happy it is worth the cost . if you really want a better printer or a printer with different abilities and your present printer is a few years old , and you find a new printer that is a great buy with new features you will use then save the printhead money go new !
http : welcome.hp.com country us en privacy limited_warranty.html
product expiration date was 10 days after i got the product . not fresh product and it was sold as new .
i guess it depends on your wall material , but i used two small nails . it 's tricky to get it straight to hang straight though .
the cork is n't very thick but the normel size pin works great and we are very pleased with it.i kind of wished we had gotten a little larger one .
well i mounted it in the portrait position , but i think landscape would work too . it is very rectangular though so it would be quite lengthy mounted landscape . also , i used double sided tapes to keep my cork board up , i do n't really know if the hooks at the back allow it to be mounded landscape .
we go through hours pretty fast . so i do n't think i can answer your question.generally though , i do have a concern about overall quality .
i do n't see one on the box , but i know brother 's warranty is 90 days from purchase so you do not want to overstock this item . i did that once and by the time i was ready to put the replacement in , which turned out to be bad ... very odd for brother , they told me the warranty on it had expired . i could not get them to replace it even though i told them i had just put it in service . luckily , the original seller , who i do business with & is a very large brother seller , took it back for an exchange and will `` fight my battle '' with brother .
it is like the old model t 's ... comes in any color so long as it 's black ! all kidding aside , this toner cartridge , brother tn580 , is black only ... glad to help ...
if it is from m &a; it is a refill , i recommend you buy a 'genuine '' one from canon .
i have not opened the box however it is in what appears to be a legitimate unopened oem box from brother , which is the only cartridge i will use on my mfc8840dn .
appears to be from brother . came in a brother box , completely sealed , and with all the brother stuff on the cartridge . that said , mine worked worse than a $ 15.00 aftermarket refill .
the diameter is approximately 2-5 16 inches , and the height is approximately 1 inch .
roughly 2.25 ''
it 's about 1 '' tall and 2 '' across . i mounted on the floor so the critical measurement is the distance from the door 's knob to the cabinet i am protecting .
smk , not sure what you are asking . all i know was the screws and butterfly clip were not deep enough for my 1 2inch walls , so we used our own larger ones . the base is about a haf inch , and the entire thing stocks out less than 2 inches . these really work if you have kids who like to power thru doors and hit walls
the diameter is approximately 2-5 16 inches , and the height is approximately 1 inch .
it is fairly ridgid , but does the job .
mine is installed on an exterior stucco wall . you will need a concrete drill bit and concrete screw . as long as you have the right drill bit and screw , there is no reason it ca n't be installed on a concrete wall .
i had the same problem . after numerous attempts to contact the seller , i gave up . sorry this does n't help much .
yes
yes they are right for that printer . i have problems with the color , but i think that may be the driver since the printer is old and i am using an aftermarket adapter .
yes , but they both will be dried out and non functional ... as were mine , and amazon will refuse to engineer a refund as they did in my case . this is a scam and amazon seems to be a willing party to it . save your money .
it was compatible with my printer.made in china.i did get a refund after emailing supplier.hope this helps .
i believe fujitsu has updated the software but check their website ... .
yes , this will scan documents , photos , ids , business cards , and insurance cards in color .
the scanner i ordered works very well i am well pleased with this machine . it is all the seller said it was . i would oder from them again without hesitation
yes , all that comes with it .
yes , it is a sticker . there are guides that work with a jewel case to help center the label .
i have an older pc and use windows xp . that will change with my new computer . this is the only dvd label software that works . for three months i tried other brands but when i tried playing a disc on another dvd player it would skip or stop the system . i use cd labels for music but never dvd 's . i think the other brands are too thick . make sure when you put the label on a dvd to take a soft cloth and press it down all around to make sure there are no air bubbles . if you get it in the wrong place these labels will pull if your careful . good luck .
i would advise against layering because it could cause balance , thickness and weight issues in the dvd player .
i have used a laserjet printer on inkjet labels , and you can use laserjet labels on an inkjet printer . the only downfall to using laserjet labels on an inkjet printer is that the labels need time to dry after printing on them . possibly the laserjet labels have a harder finish and the ink does n't soak in .
not sure what you mean by applicator , but they go through the printer and then you peel and stick it on the disk . they are self-stick .
i ca n't imagine how many thousands of plays you would need to determine which lasts longer . we really like the color quality , that it does not smudge , that the label applies easily , etc . our label has photo plus text plus borders , etc . if all you need is the info , and not something attractive , then use the sharpie .
i use a program called glabels on a linux computer . the template is avery 8962 which is equivalent to avery 5931 for microsoft word . have had no problem with alignment .
there is approximately a 1 '' diameter hole in the center that is not covered . the rest is .
these boards are not magnetic . i have bought magnetic ones at an office suooly place like office depot . they have a metal border and were marked as magnetic . hope that helps .
no , they 're pretty thick .
coragated wood panel we have used these all year in my wife 's 3 grade class and they have held up very well .
probably not . some dry erasers marker brands do not easily wipe off either . if the sticker is non-adhesive like vinyl paper dolls etc , it should come off fine . i would not put any stick on stickers though , as they might be difficult to get off or not come off without tearing . the texture on these boards are more like shower wall board .
i have n't tried it but i 'd say w as easily as the white surface can be scratched no . i think it 's just a type of plastic laminate coating
no . it is plain white .
expo dry erase markers with a wide tip work the best . household sponges can be used to erase the board with or regular white board erasers . a soft cloth or a sock would also work to erase the boards . these boards do n't have an edge or border , so if the boards are placed on a person 's lap to write , the dry erase markers can easily get on clothing and leave a stain . generic dry markers are more difficult to erase off of these boards and seem to leave smears on the board of the color of marker that was being used . the boards can also be cleaned periodically with white board spray cleaners .
yes , this is an excellent product . i use them in my 5th grade classroom .
no .
there are two areas inside one is a `` pencil '' area on the left that is narrow 2 3 8 '' wide . the larger section on the right is 12 '' wide . they are both 11 1 4 '' front to back and 1 1 8 '' deep . the bottom is lined with a green `` pool table '' type felt to keep the rattling down .
the padded layer is quite subatantial . the soft black material feels like it may be filled with foam balls . i have been using this lap desk for years , and it 's the only thing that works well dor me in keeping my lap cool . that comes at the cost od the laptop itaelf not venting well . the heat gets trapped on the desktop , so aometimea i prop the laptop up to keep it cooler . that is n't always necessary , though . overall , the prosuct is very well made . it feels like a tiny piece of furniture .
17.5 x 14
the wood is solid but only 5 8ths of an inch thick . it could take an engraving but not too deep . just make sure the depth of the engraving is shallow enough to not go through the wood .
yes , it does . i am using it now with some noodler 's red-black ink , and it works well .
there are calligraphy nibs available . i 'm not sure if you have a certain nib in mind .
it does come with a box , but it is nothing fancy . you can get a full description with images of this product here : http : fpgeeks.com 2012 02 lamy-studio-fountain-pen-the-awesome-review
yes , it comes with a very good manual .
sorry i meant the color itself of the tx instrument
yes . it did
yess my calculator came with a computer usb cord . a charger and a tutorial booklet inside . it was a great but for me !
yes it does graph in color . i love this calculator
it means that the way the calculator is packaged differs from one run to another , e.g . color of package insert might be blue on one and pink on another . it has nothing to do with the calculator itself . they are exactly the same from one package to another .
more like cardstock , very flimsy : (
the design is gold
yes . i would n't put much more than 2 things in it though .
folder is made for a 8 1 2 x 11 paper sheet . it holds the paper by means of small slits cut near the corner of folder that you tuck corners of the certificate into . we use a small piece of transparent tape to keep certificate from moving . we use for scholarship awards . maybe for one or two you could make additional slits with an exacto type knife . folder has a nice linen finish and is heavy weight .
yes . i had such a hard time finding a clear plastic case for travel and this size was perfect to hold my toothbrush and dental needs .
i have n't tried putting passports in this pouch , but considering the size of it and how many pencils protractors i can fit inside , yes i would guess that it can hold three passports .
no this is too small . try looking for `` seeyourstuff '' these bags are awesome . i got the one with a handle for my daughters art supplies and papers and it 's great . there 's one that is 10x11 that would prob work for you . the reason i think it will be too small is because it is not very wide and it would be really tight to zip up .
nope , it is symmetrical . love it !
i use mine for knitting projects and have no problems at all . any plastic will mold if exposed long term to very damp conditions . if i was worried about such , i would periodically turn it inside out and swab with bleach and let it dry before using it again .
according to box , usa . fellowes also has operations in mexico and australia
yes , it has a flap that goes over the top of the bottom
i just measured my box and it is 10 1 2 '' h x 16 '' l x 12 3 4 '' w. this is for banker box # 7243. i hope that helps .
only 12 .
i have no idea about this problem .
this system works just like any regular phone with a voip system , as long as you have a voip router , to which you can hook up the phones . i myself use the uniden model w out the answering machine together with the vonage service ( vonage provides voicemail , no need for an answering machine ) without any trouble . caller-id works great .
yes it would , as long as they live in range of the phone system . be sure to give them a charging base for the handsets !
hit the * key and you will get a 1 in front of the number .
it implies another phone is in use .
i am using the tcx905 with the 2 line base tru8866 . it works fine . you have the choice of auto , line 1 or line 2 preference for dialing out ( on the handset setup ) . when the talk flash key is used on auto the phone will connect to line 1. if line 1 is in use by the base or another handset , the phone will use line 2. if you setup with line 1 or 2 , it will go to that line when the talk flash button is pressed . in standby mode , you can also use the soft keys to choose line 1 or 2 , regardless of the setup used . hope this helps .
i have had no trouble with mine and have had several unidens for the past 20 yrs . they are the toughest phones i have come across .
ms. mom , whatever happened with your tcx905 ? i find myself with this question right now !
i too am trying to find beltclips ... not looking good ! maybe direct from uniden ?
i dont know if that is the only way . to register to the base all i did was put the additional handset into the base unit cradle and it worked that way .
yes , the 905 works the same way -- push `` * '' to insert a `` 1 '' before a number in the caller id list .
the tru9485 has a digital answering machine feature , the 9465 does not .
i do n't own it anymore . no it did not have fax capabilities .
the tcx905 is compatible - i just bought one to go with my base unit . i 've never heard of a tcx905 t9 series - i believe it must be the same handset .
yes .
yes
yes
yes you should have no problem with the windows 8 running in your computer and a inkjet printer
yes , as long as you own a color printer . the software comes with it ( on caveat : i found the current version software not as friendly though and i am using an older version of the same software , which i think offers better options . ) for a good result , printer calibration is key to alignment .
i do n't know i use win 7 injet ? yes
my mount is an ergotron mount , but it appears to me that this tray would work with any vesa-type mount .
i do not own that particular laptop but for a point of reference , it accommodates my sony vaio 18.4 '' laptop comfortably - the two little 'arms ' that you see extend or retract for the best fit .
the two silver colored brackets rotate , so the can be set at an angle so thy do n't stick up directly into the typing area .
yes , it can be done . i have three , one of which i use with the arms to hold my macbook pro and chilling pad . the other two actually do hold monitors which did n't have mounting holes . one monitor is over 9lbs and also has an additional arm extension . the two support fleets used to hold the laptop from sliding off are adjustable and rotate , they can extend outward up 15 '' , which can take hold of your monitor sides or corners . the base of the tray also can swivel to a position and be locked . i did also utilize all the self adhesive grip pads they provide , and even put some on the support cradle arms . you can see more detailed pics from ergotron 's site on the back and such . hope this helps . yes , it can be done . i have three , one of which i use with the arms to hold my macbook pro and chilling pad . the other two actually do hold monitors which did n't have mounting holes . one monitor is over 9lbs and also has an additional arm extension . the two support fleets used to hold the laptop from sliding off are adjustable and rotate , they can extend outward up 15 '' , which can take hold of your monitor sides or corners . the base of the tray also can swivel to a position and be locked . i did also utilize all the self adhesive grip pads they provide , and even put some on the support ... » read more yes , it can be done . i have three , one of which i use with the arms to hold my macbook pro and chilling pad . the other two actually do hold monitors which did n't have mounting holes . one monitor is over 9lbs and also has an additional arm extension . the two support fleets used to hold the laptop from sliding off are adjustable and rotate , they can extend outward up 15 '' , which can take hold of your monitor sides or corners . the base of the tray also can swivel to a position and be locked . i did also utilize all the self adhesive grip pads they provide , and even put some on the support cradle arms . you can see more detailed pics from ergotron 's site on the back and such . hope this helps . « show less
not by itself ... it 's meant to attach to an arm , which attaches to the wall ; i have an ergotron arm that attaches to the wall and folds extends approximately 12-15 '' from wall . a standard vesa plate attaches arm to notebook mount .
this does not come with an arm mount , it 's only the laptop platform . it has a vesa connection on the back , so you can connect it to an arm or anything that accepts vesa , like a monitor stand
depending on the thickness of the docking station , as well as if your docking station has the ability to lock into the laptop or secure it together . i have three total ergotron notebook trays . one if them i do have a docking station and laptop on . in my case , my laptop actually locks into my docking station . my docking station is 3 4 '' thick , which the angled cleat is 1-1 4 '' thick which rises above both my docking station and laptop . i would say if the total thickness ( height ) of your docking station with laptop is higher than 1-1 4 '' then i would put additional shelf liner or non slip material . the mount does come with non-slip strips which work extremely well . depending on the thickness of the docking station , as well as if your docking station has the ability to lock into the laptop or secure it together . i have three total ergotron notebook trays . one if them i do have a docking station and laptop on . in my case , my laptop actually locks into my docking station . my docking station is 3 4 '' thick , which the angled cleat is 1-1 4 '' thick which rises above both my docking station and laptop . i would say if the total thickness ( height ) of your docking station with laptop is higher than 1-1 4 '' then i would put additional shelf liner or ... » read more depending on the thickness of the docking station , as well as if your docking station has the ability to lock into the laptop or secure it together . i have three total ergotron notebook trays . one if them i do have a docking station and laptop on . in my case , my laptop actually locks into my docking station . my docking station is 3 4 '' thick , which the angled cleat is 1-1 4 '' thick which rises above both my docking station and laptop . i would say if the total thickness ( height ) of your docking station with laptop is higher than 1-1 4 '' then i would put additional shelf liner or non slip material . the mount does come with non-slip strips which work extremely well . « show less
i use a heavy dell latitude apx 13 '' and i would think it would hold a 17 '' easily , its really super quality heavy duty , you wont be disappointed i 'm sure . bob a
yes , with difficulty . the support legs are not long enough to extend beyond the cooling pad to hold the laptop . even without a cooling pad , and with a small laptop , i put a velcro strip across the top of the support and a matching strip on my laptop . you would have to velcro the cooling pad to the support and the laptop to the cooling pad . also , depending on the center of gravity , you may have to tighten the pivot bolt quite tight to prevent the support from tipping forward . actually your system might extend behind the pivot enough that it is does not tip forward .
should not be a problem .
no . but i purchased `` pen pal pen holders '' and placed one on the clip and it works perfectly . i am a nurse and this set up has served me well over time and hard use . i like the clipboard especially well since i can sanitize it frequently . the pen pal holders are a wonderful addition and i use the extras in strategic places such as in my car , the kitchen next to the want list and i have even gifted them since they are so useful . good luck .
just measured mine : it is 9 '' x 13.25 '' it is a perfect fit for 8.5 x 11 '' paper .
it 's aluminum so i 'm not sure if magnets will work .
yes . this aluminum board has the exact same clamp assembly with the hanging ring that any other standard fibre board clipboard has .
i bought two of these recently and they are college ruled .
believe it or not , it is only one pad .
the front cover is a very heavyweight paper -- the same as what 's used as the front and back covers of those divided , 8 1 2 by 11 spiral notebooks students use for note-taking . the cover bends , but it 's sturdier than regular paper . the back cover is much thicker -- like cardboard -- and it does n't bend . this gives the pad enough support that you could be standing and holding it on your arm and still be able to write easily on it . the back cover keeps it from bending and flopping about like a regular spiral notebook does .
matte . i 've used it as a photo backdrop in the past .
not really . think of it as two pieces of shiny thin cardboard with foam in between . if you put flames on it , it will burn . if it gets a little liquid splashed on it , it might be okay . if it is put under water , it will most likely become soggy and possibly break apart .
i would think so , as long as no water is used in the process .
paper
a quick google search will tell you no , it is not the same thing . acid-free foam board is available ; if it does n't say `` acid-free '' , it likely is n't . cfc-free is something else entirely ( it means that they did n't harm any polar bears during the manufacturing process ) .
hello , the paper holds acrylic paint well with no wrinkling ! i have not tried latex- hope that helps !
it depends how often you print , of course . but i 've been buying new print cartridges at least every two months . if you are n't used to a major investment in ink cartridges ... forget this printer !
this machine does 2-side scans ( i do n't think the 780 does ) . it also uses the new uv inks ( bci8 series ) . you can replace each tank individually , but the inks cost a bit more than the 780 's inks . the 780 is the old model and is no longer made ( but you can still get them from various stores until they run out ) . if you already have the 780 it 's probably not worth the upgrade unless you have a specific need for the new inks or dual scanning .
the setup for this is a bit complicated to understand , but possible . this unit 's user manual is poorly written if you do n't understand the terms and about the different rings and stuff . i had to find a brother fax setup manual online to figure out these different ringing functions . the manufacturer puts great stock in connecting your phone to the output jack on the aio , but it just complicates things , imho . by the way , i have the 780 but i believe the fax setup is the same for both units . i would hook up the phone and fax using a splitter if they use the same wall jack or just plug both into different wall jacks as the case may be . if you want to be able to receive faxes while away and not have to babysit the rx you can do so . one annoyance i feel this machine has is that it will not receive a fax if the fax button is not pressed . it defaults to copy on startup and you need to change this setting to fax . if you do n't it will do everything it needs to do when a fax comes in . answer the call , beep , do its bump and grind and then botch the rx and print out a failure report . i asked tech support if i could set the default mode to fax and they told me no , and that canon was n't interested in fixing this . my question is why have the machine do everything but receive the fax ? why have it go through all that just to botch it ? they could give me no answer.ok , back to the original question . if you want to use the phone line for both voice and occasional fax and not have to be there to rx you can do so . set your rx settings to fax tel auto sw , ring start time to 9sec , f t switch action to disconnect , ring count to 8x.note that the ring count is not set in stone . this is the setting that lets you decide how many rings will occur on your phone before the fax machine wakes up and answers the call . the default is two rings , which is why your machine is intruding in on your voice calls . for me 8 rings was long enough to get to the phone and answer the ( voice ) call , but this is your decision . the setup for this is a bit complicated to understand , but possible . this unit 's user manual is poorly written if you do n't understand the terms and about the different rings and stuff . i had to find a brother fax setup manual online to figure out these different ringing functions . the manufacturer puts great stock in connecting your phone to the output jack on the aio , but it just complicates things , imho . by the way , i have the 780 but i believe the fax setup is the same for both units . i would hook up the phone and fax using a splitter if they use the same wall jack or just ... » read more the setup for this is a bit complicated to understand , but possible . this unit 's user manual is poorly written if you do n't understand the terms and about the different rings and stuff . i had to find a brother fax setup manual online to figure out these different ringing functions . the manufacturer puts great stock in connecting your phone to the output jack on the aio , but it just complicates things , imho . by the way , i have the 780 but i believe the fax setup is the same for both units . i would hook up the phone and fax using a splitter if they use the same wall jack or just plug both into different wall jacks as the case may be . if you want to be able to receive faxes while away and not have to babysit the rx you can do so . one annoyance i feel this machine has is that it will not receive a fax if the fax button is not pressed . it defaults to copy on startup and you need to change this setting to fax . if you do n't it will do everything it needs to do when a fax comes in . answer the call , beep , do its bump and grind and then botch the rx and print out a failure report . i asked tech support if i could set the default mode to fax and they told me no , and that canon was n't interested in fixing this . my question is why have the machine do everything but receive the fax ? why have it go through all that just to botch it ? they could give me no answer.ok , back to the original question . if you want to use the phone line for both voice and occasional fax and not have to be there to rx you can do so . set your rx settings to fax tel auto sw , ring start time to 9sec , f t switch action to disconnect , ring count to 8x.note that the ring count is not set in stone . this is the setting that lets you decide how many rings will occur on your phone before the fax machine wakes up and answers the call . the default is two rings , which is why your machine is intruding in on your voice calls . for me 8 rings was long enough to get to the phone and answer the ( voice ) call , but this is your decision . « show less
it says 100-240v and 50-60h on the machine !
it has fax capability ( send receive ) though i would n't call it a `` fax machine . '' dedicated fax machines typically have a lot more fax-specific features you wo n't find on any multi-function machine . if you want to occasionally send or receive a fax , this will do just fine .
you can try to reset the machine by having it turned on , opening the cover to expose the ink cartridges , lift the lever on the cartridge holder then remove the ink cartridges , lastly remove the holder the ink cartridges were in then unplug all of the wires while it is turned on . this includes unplugging the power cord . wait for a moment for the machine to reset itself . plug the wires back in , put the ink holder back in , put the ink cartridge holder lever down then place the ink back in . watch for a red light to appear on the ink cartridges as you place them in . if the ink cartridge does not light up the chip on the cartridge is bad and you need another one . you can try to reset the machine by having it turned on , opening the cover to expose the ink cartridges , lift the lever on the cartridge holder then remove the ink cartridges , lastly remove the holder the ink cartridges were in then unplug all of the wires while it is turned on . this includes unplugging the power cord . wait for a moment for the machine to reset itself . plug the wires back in , put the ink holder back in , put the ink cartridge holder lever down then place the ink back in . watch for a red light to appear on the ink cartridges as you place them in . if the ink cartridge does not ... » read more you can try to reset the machine by having it turned on , opening the cover to expose the ink cartridges , lift the lever on the cartridge holder then remove the ink cartridges , lastly remove the holder the ink cartridges were in then unplug all of the wires while it is turned on . this includes unplugging the power cord . wait for a moment for the machine to reset itself . plug the wires back in , put the ink holder back in , put the ink cartridge holder lever down then place the ink back in . watch for a red light to appear on the ink cartridges as you place them in . if the ink cartridge does not light up the chip on the cartridge is bad and you need another one . « show less
i just called canon and asked the same question . they said that one big difference is that the 830 copies and scans double sided . ( i thinks that 's what they said . ) the 530 does not do that .
canon 's website lists the specifications for scanning as 8.5 by 11.0 .
i 'm in the same position , and need to receive it this week as a birthday present . very frustrating .
the brother mfc-8460n monochrome laser multifunction all-in-one printer has monochrome printing and copying , but scans in color .
it is for both the scanner and copier printer .
brother 7820n:1. can not reliably print envelopes , including and especially # 10. if that 's important to you , find another machine.2 . scan for fax very slow . very slow . interminable . 3. software minimal , very poorly designed . fax and scan management thin , missing functions and management options.4 . support ( help ; manuals ; online ) incomplete , inaccurate.5 . will not automatically re-set after paper jam clear . ( have to power cycle . ) everything about the machine says `` absolute minimum '' -- fit , function , design , engineering , materials , assembly , software ( incl driver ) .a reasonable guess : brother put the machine out there to hit a price point . sold a bundle of them on the strength of early reviews . then walked away . brother 7820n:1. can not reliably print envelopes , including and especially # 10. if that 's important to you , find another machine.2 . scan for fax very slow . very slow . interminable . 3. software minimal , very poorly designed . fax and scan management thin , missing functions and management options.4 . support ( help ; manuals ; online ) incomplete , inaccurate.5 . will not automatically re-set after paper jam clear . ( have to power cycle . ) everything about the machine says `` absolute minimum '' -- fit , function , design , engineering , materials , assembly , ... » read more brother 7820n:1. can not reliably print envelopes , including and especially # 10. if that 's important to you , find another machine.2 . scan for fax very slow . very slow . interminable . 3. software minimal , very poorly designed . fax and scan management thin , missing functions and management options.4 . support ( help ; manuals ; online ) incomplete , inaccurate.5 . will not automatically re-set after paper jam clear . ( have to power cycle . ) everything about the machine says `` absolute minimum '' -- fit , function , design , engineering , materials , assembly , software ( incl driver ) .a reasonable guess : brother put the machine out there to hit a price point . sold a bundle of them on the strength of early reviews . then walked away . « show less
i have n't really done that on purpose , but yes it is wireless .
yes , it will . i just do n't stack it very high .
there 's no sheen or gloss . it 's just a good sturdy matte finish . great for making homemade cards .
yes , i do all the time and it works fine .
for kids perhaps , but to make them look like real playing cards you would want to print on a glossy stock and definitely thicker than this stock . this is good for a casual invite , business cards , etc.. i 'd look for 120lb if you could find it or a specialty stock .
the label says `` fsc mixed '' . that means a definite maybe . bing `` fsc mixed '' for the details .
this is a great quality paper . the weight is good and feeds into the printers easily . the finish is bright white and i use it for making greeting cards , matte finish photos and booklet covers . the colors are great and professional . i have used it on laser and inkjet printers and love the quality .
hello sunnytn ! 1 sheet of wausau paper index card stock weighs out at 11 grams . i have previously purchased avery brand inkjet postcard index card stock , and 1 sheet weighs out to 9 grams . i 'd say the wausau paper index card stock would make a perfect postcard !
yes
the board itself is painted steel but not itself magnetic . small magnets are included in order to attach paper , photos or whatever .
it is just a piece of metal that magnets stick to . it would not hold knives .
velcro strip works only if you do not put too much weight on the strip . after about three months it became unglued . i used it for kids school work .
no , that 's actually the manufacturers name . it 's 2 inches wide and 14 inches long .
the mini magnetic board that i received is white .
hello virginia , i thing the cars will hold as long as the strips are screwed into the wall surface as per the directions . the magnets that come with the strip seem strong enough to the car , but i am trying to remember how much the little cars weigh . i think definately two magnets would a little car .
it says 100 sheets at 48lbs
yes . we use a professional-quality ricoh aficio color laser printer , and run this paper through it daily with zero problems . it may not work on some lower-end laser printers , and you may have varying results depending on your toner levels ( which is true with any paper and machine ) .
i read somewhere ( some product review site ) that the v750 additionally includes a fluid mount kit ( for scratchy negatives ) , and improved optics ( anti-reflective coating , high reflectivity mirror ) which results in `` visibly better job than the v700 . ''
d. fisher , thanks very much for your response . i 've copied your posting on batch scanning and will follow it . i 'm just starting to use the v750 to scan my hassy negs and your information is of great help . -- e. williams
i 'm running 10.6.8 and it 's working on the imac . you may have to download updates or something . unless you are doing large format , one of the lower priced scanners may do just as well for you . i think some of the newer ones do n't require the warm up times etc . this one does . i 've had it for quite a while and have n't had any major issues , occasionally you may need to unplug it and do a restart on it , but you probably know how to do all that stuff already . have fun .
yes i did . in the end i bought the v700 . its a great machine for microfiche or any transparent film for that manner . its easy to make scans that are so high res that they are physically bigger than photoshop can open . at the time i do n't think i could find anything better without spending a few thousand more . its been 3 years since we got it so they probably have a new model , but this one is perfect for our fine-art reproduction needs.if you have more questions shoot us an email to sales at historicmapworks dot comvisit the website in the link if you want to see some scans of maps that were previously on microfiche.best yes i did . in the end i bought the v700 . its a great machine for microfiche or any transparent film for that manner . its easy to make scans that are so high res that they are physically bigger than photoshop can open . at the time i do n't think i could find anything better without spending a few thousand more . its been 3 years since we got it so they probably have a new model , but this one is perfect for our fine-art reproduction needs.if you have more questions shoot us an email to sales at historicmapworks dot comvisit the website in the link if you want to see some ... » read more yes i did . in the end i bought the v700 . its a great machine for microfiche or any transparent film for that manner . its easy to make scans that are so high res that they are physically bigger than photoshop can open . at the time i do n't think i could find anything better without spending a few thousand more . its been 3 years since we got it so they probably have a new model , but this one is perfect for our fine-art reproduction needs.if you have more questions shoot us an email to sales at historicmapworks dot comvisit the website in the link if you want to see some scans of maps that were previously on microfiche.best « show less
seven ( 7 ) with five ( 5 ) frames in each on 8x10 piece of paper .
thanks for responding so quickly ! i have a question between the difference in scanning refective vs. transparent items.both of these scanners have two scanning dimension areas : one for reflective-scanning and a smaller area for transparent-scanning.it seems to me now , that the larger reflective-area is limited to 4800dpiand only in the transparency area can one get the higher 6400dpi . is this right ? can one still get a 6400dpi scan for refective items ? or is the technology too different between transparency and reflective-scanning ? thank you . thanks for responding so quickly ! i have a question between the difference in scanning refective vs. transparent items.both of these scanners have two scanning dimension areas : one for reflective-scanning and a smaller area for transparent-scanning.it seems to me now , that the larger reflective-area is limited to 4800dpiand only in the transparency area can one get the higher 6400dpi . is this right ? can one still get a 6400dpi scan for refective items ? or is the technology too different between transparency and reflective-scanning ... » read more thanks for responding so quickly ! i have a question between the difference in scanning refective vs. transparent items.both of these scanners have two scanning dimension areas : one for reflective-scanning and a smaller area for transparent-scanning.it seems to me now , that the larger reflective-area is limited to 4800dpiand only in the transparency area can one get the higher 6400dpi . is this right ? can one still get a 6400dpi scan for refective items ? or is the technology too different between transparency and reflective-scanning ? thank you . « show less
while i 'm not a dental tech - nor do i play one on tv - i can say this unit can scan any negative up to an 8x10 . a negative is a negative at this point and its source not relavent . will also scan prints to the same 8x10 size . i 've had no problems scanning with mine .
a dozen at once . there is a plastic holder which fits into the scanner with 12 slots for 35mm slides . you can 'select all ' from the preview window on the software and it scans the twelve and saves the images as sequentially numbered files ( just like your camera does ) .
8 '' x 10 '' - photo or negative .
tim , i use mine with a mac 10.4.11 system and have no problems . i am very happy with the epson scanner . i heard it was not compatible with some of the newer macs .
i 'm not familiar with what you want to scan , but i think the answer is yes . one of the carriers has two slots about 2 inches wide that run the length of the carrier , about 10 inches . i found a second slide carrier online that had an image of it so i was sure it was the right thing . i suggest you do a search for a carrier for the format you want to see if it is right .
yes , epson 's recommendation is correct . double-clicking the scanner in the print & scan section of system preferences gives you apple 's rudimentary scanning capability . i highly recommend a third-party scanning program like vuescan .
the lid lifts off completely for scans like this . remember to unplug the connecting cable first !
it comes with 4 film holders : 35mm negatives , 35mm slides , medium format and 4 '' x 5 '' . the medium format insert can accommodate from 2 - 6 frames . i have n't used that one , so i do n't know if you would have to remove frames or not , my guess would be yes .
it worked for me for powerpoint . i use powerpoint 2004 , os x 10.3.9
while i have not tested it , it should . this is a usb keyboard type of device , so it should `` plug and play '' without any need for additional drivers .
mine did n't work on mac either . i use it for a pc instead .
yes it does . i 've used it on a windows 8 system with no problem . just plug in and use .
i do n't know
yes it can scan multiple pages into one pdf ; no , once you put them into the feeder it creates one pdf for all the pages together . of course you can then break up the pdf into others by `` printing ' selected pages to other files .
it depends . if the card is paper , then yes . if it 's like a credit card , then no .
it scans to a folder in my docs and then i do file save as to the location i want and the document name i want .
windows 7 definitely , windows 8 we 've not tried , but i would suspect xerox has drivers for it . this is a low volume device . it has an achilles heel , a costly little part consisting of a 1 '' square rubber flapper to help press the documents to the guide roller . when that wears out it 's easily $ 50 , and just try to find one . if this is for production you might be better served with something like a kodak i2600 or similar unit ( which we have one that probably has 500k scans and is still quite serviceable . ymmv
yes , it is twain compatible .
no . the adf barely works with normal paper .
hi , i did bought two models but i do n't think that makes copies . it just scan .
for the cost
i did not purchase this exact item because i think this is an updated version of the one i originally purchased . i returned it . it was extremely difficult to work with in scanning slides , very slow and the color resolution was awful . i eventually purchased a canon canoscan 8800f flatbed scanner from amazon ( probably five years ago ) and love it ! i scanned almost 15,000 slides and it is still going strong . easy to work with , great for scanning slides , negatives , photos or documents . i have windows xp and it is compatible . remember , i purchased it years ago so i am sure there is an updated version of the one i have . i can not say enough good about it . not to mention customer service for canon products is located in the u.s. i have contacted them twice and always received knowledgeable , understandable and quick resolution to my questions . i think i paid right at $ 200 for the canon , but it would be worth it at twice the price . i would strongly encourage you to not purchase the pacific image unit . i did not purchase this exact item because i think this is an updated version of the one i originally purchased . i returned it . it was extremely difficult to work with in scanning slides , very slow and the color resolution was awful . i eventually purchased a canon canoscan 8800f flatbed scanner from amazon ( probably five years ago ) and love it ! i scanned almost 15,000 slides and it is still going strong . easy to work with , great for scanning slides , negatives , photos or documents . i have windows xp and it is compatible . remember , i purchased it years ago so i am sure there is an updated ... » read more i did not purchase this exact item because i think this is an updated version of the one i originally purchased . i returned it . it was extremely difficult to work with in scanning slides , very slow and the color resolution was awful . i eventually purchased a canon canoscan 8800f flatbed scanner from amazon ( probably five years ago ) and love it ! i scanned almost 15,000 slides and it is still going strong . easy to work with , great for scanning slides , negatives , photos or documents . i have windows xp and it is compatible . remember , i purchased it years ago so i am sure there is an updated version of the one i have . i can not say enough good about it . not to mention customer service for canon products is located in the u.s. i have contacted them twice and always received knowledgeable , understandable and quick resolution to my questions . i think i paid right at $ 200 for the canon , but it would be worth it at twice the price . i would strongly encourage you to not purchase the pacific image unit . « show less
the pacific image is absolutely lousy ! colors are awful and it takes forever to scan just one thing . invest just a few more dollars in a canonscan 8800f scanner or new canon product . i have had the canonscan 8800f for several years so i am sure they have updated it . i was new at this and did n't realize the difference in speed , etc . the canon is wonderful !
i 'd say about 10 years ! this is a piece of junk ! i returned mine . it scans horribly -- colors are awful . i ca n't say enough bad about this unit . go for a canon flatbed scanner . many options for scanning and is only a little more in price . it is also very very quick . if you buy this unit , you 're throwing away your money .
yes
the only way this pad `` stands up '' is for you to attach it to something stiff . the backing is pretty useless . i attached it with clips to a stiff board . would never purchase it again . it came in a huge box and was all rolled up . i do use it but had to do a lot of manipulating .
no they are not sticky .
though the easel pad does not indicate the paper weight , the easel pad sheet feel the same as the typing paper i use , ( 20 lb ) it may be ( 18lb ) . either way , i am satisfied using this product . like most papers , it will bleed through if using indelible narking pens , but not with items such as crayola markers . hope this helps ? roger
on the printer . press the 'setup button ' few times until you see the option for `` 6. tools '' . press 'ok button ' on the printer . press the 'right arrow button ' until you see `` 3. date and time '' . press 'ok button ' . use the right and left arrow buttons as needed as change the month date numbers using the keypad on the printer . once you type the year , it should automatically change to the time screen , so use the number keypad on the printer to change the time . it will ask for am or pm , so press 1 for am or press 2 for pm .
do not have this printer any longer but , if i remember right , is not wireless .
warning , it does n't work 50 % of the time with the systems it is supposed to work with . avoid . the price listed for this is absurd too .
yes , that is exactly what i am running it on .
no idea but it is a piece of junk
i scanned hundreds of school work documents on my imac g5 powerpc - osx leopard in 2009 and i believe i used some online service to convert everything from image to pdf . because i wanted my school documents specifically stored as pdf ; but i guess i should have kept jpg for the google automatic photo backup .
according to a couple reviews , even though it `` says '' it is vista compatible , it is not .
i understand it such that you can not use the phone e.g . in a hotel room where you normally , when you open your browser , get redirected to a web based authentication page where you have to enter your credit card or other authentication information in order to buy airtime . for this , the phone would need an included web browser , which it has probably not ( it could use opera ) . what you are talking about is something different - the wep ( not web ) based encryption is possible as far as i understand . so you do not have to open your network .
according to the tech details linked from this page it does support wpa-psk
oops ! sorry , i was mistaken . you can not use this in a hot spot that requires browser authentication . `` this phone will not allow you to log on to subscription based public hotspots ( such as t-mobile ) as it does not have a browser ... '' ( part of a user opinion posted on cnet )
any android smartphone with the skype app works perfectly . use it all the time . ( skype possibly runs on iphone also but have not tested . )
im going to bet that it would be sold seprately
you are right but there is a market disconnect here . with a wireless carrier , the price of the phone is dwarfed by the annual expense of subscribing to the service . as the other posters indicated , this is not the case with skype . the whole point of using skype is its low cost.i would love to have one of these but the morons at netgear priced it incorrectly .
the descriptions says `` the skypein option receives calls from non-skype users '' but on skype shop this issue is not mentioned , which was a little odd since this is one important issue..
6 '' long
the height should be find for most modern keyboards . the width would be the problem . i have a compact keyboard that would fit under it ( without a numpad ) , but my regular keyboards would be too wide .
if you remove the legs you 'll have a flat piece of plastic with an attached tray protruding about an inch up from the plastic plate . the legs slide easily off the wheels , and then you can unscrew the wheels and remove them too .
hi robert ! thank you for your inquiry ! we would need to special order such amount . special orders do take a it longer to deliver , but pricing is usually less.please provide your ship to zip code.aistebisonoffice
i didnt like this brand im not sure about the 10mil pouch but not recommended
hi it says on the bottom of the laminator input voltage 120vac , 60hzinput current 2.3amp . i hope this helps . mine still works great . i am a pre-school teacher and i use it a lot .
the body of this typewriter is plastic , and the carrying case made of plastic .
no . 100 % manual
no
yes
this typewriter could be used to type a paper for a school project , but i do n't recommend it , and if you had the teachers i had they would automatically degrade a paper typed with this typewriter , because the letters and numbers appear up and down , not centered on the line , and some characters get stuck , and the typist must knock them back into position with a finger tip . if you want a manual typewriter walmart dot com has an electric one that works well , and amazon dot com might have one too , but do n't try to find one at office depot or staples , because i think they stopped selling them . search electric typewriter and see what comes up . this typewriter could be used to type a paper for a school project , but i do n't recommend it , and if you had the teachers i had they would automatically degrade a paper typed with this typewriter , because the letters and numbers appear up and down , not centered on the line , and some characters get stuck , and the typist must knock them back into position with a finger tip . if you want a manual typewriter walmart dot com has an electric one that works well , and amazon dot com might have one too , but do n't try to find one at office depot or staples , because i think they stopped selling them ... . » read more this typewriter could be used to type a paper for a school project , but i do n't recommend it , and if you had the teachers i had they would automatically degrade a paper typed with this typewriter , because the letters and numbers appear up and down , not centered on the line , and some characters get stuck , and the typist must knock them back into position with a finger tip . if you want a manual typewriter walmart dot com has an electric one that works well , and amazon dot com might have one too , but do n't try to find one at office depot or staples , because i think they stopped selling them . search electric typewriter and see what comes up . « show less
yes they are . they were very impressive when we used them for a border patrol explorer graduation certificate .
2 inches
there are 32 in a package
mine are 5mm or 1 2cm .
absolutely . it comes with several levels of patterns so the beginner boards with the shape outlines would be perfect for a two year old .
most of them are abstract but there is one in the shape of a train , a parrot , and a plane . some of the abstract ones kinda look like little monsters .
the pattern cards have some where the shapes are in color , some where the shapes are merely outlined , and some with no individual shapes , but with clues like , use 19 blocks to make this design . lots of room for varying skill levels .
they are quite likely manipulable by a 2yo , but there are smaller pieces , and the warning on the set is `` not for children under 3 '' and the bucket is recommended for 5+ ( got them for our 7yo , but our 4yo whizzed through them . ) if you have an `` eater '' or your child explores the world by taste ... then absolutely not . otherwise , it 's counter to mfg recommendation .
it fits folders , about 1 inch thick books and a few papers
no
it 's pretty deep , but i 'd say yes . as long as you are n't shoving small envelopes in the slot . it 'd work great for papers and flyers .
no . it holds 9 x 12 paper . hopes this helps .
i use it for crafts per . i think folders and notebooks would be too big to fit easily
no it is designed for 8.5 by 11 paper i believe
i had this set for two years . i also had more than 15 students in my class so i bought two . the first year i stacked them . there was no problem . at the beginning of the second year , a student put a heavy textbook in their mailbox and it began to sag . i believe it could have lasted me a few more years if that had n't happened .
yes
i do n't think any box like this is really secure . either you could pick the lock with a paperclip or a screwdriver would force most open . mostly , the fit and finish was poor and eventually the locking tab broke off . not much good after that . also , the handle did n't was to stay on . the `` rings '' that went from the handle through holes in the lid were sized poorly enough that after some movement one side or the other of the handle kept coming off . eventually , i just locked it and carried it underneath . not fun when i am carrying everything else in and out of my store . i replaced it with a sentrysafe model that 's similar and am much happier with that one . i do n't think any box like this is really secure . either you could pick the lock with a paperclip or a screwdriver would force most open . mostly , the fit and finish was poor and eventually the locking tab broke off . not much good after that . also , the handle did n't was to stay on . the `` rings '' that went from the handle through holes in the lid were sized poorly enough that after some movement one side or the other of the handle kept coming off . eventually , i just locked it and carried it underneath . not fun when i am carrying everything else in and out of my store . i replaced it ... » read more i do n't think any box like this is really secure . either you could pick the lock with a paperclip or a screwdriver would force most open . mostly , the fit and finish was poor and eventually the locking tab broke off . not much good after that . also , the handle did n't was to stay on . the `` rings '' that went from the handle through holes in the lid were sized poorly enough that after some movement one side or the other of the handle kept coming off . eventually , i just locked it and carried it underneath . not fun when i am carrying everything else in and out of my store . i replaced it with a sentrysafe model that 's similar and am much happier with that one . « show less
i have just measured the one i have . it is 10 11 16 '' l x 7 1 2 '' w x 1 7 8 '' h. there is a lip 1 8 '' thick around the front and both sides , but no lip on the back .
yes 2 keys .
just the back gin does.. the rest hold change
no . it is just a thin metal box with no fire rating .
cr2325 coin type batteries -- -- -need tools to replace new ones !
i have not checked the storage or the computer back-up factors for this device but this does have a backlight on it.guess this is useful for storing passwords , debit card pin and info that should not get spilled over to the internet even by mistake.thats why its quite handy , especially while travelling . i had been gifted a diary for one of my birthdays about a decade and a half ago and i think it is useful to have a device like this , inspite of cell phone . and other wireless communication devices . thank you , regards , prefersanon
i do n't know , i never tried it and i do n't know if it says in the instructions that it can .
yes . 256kb will store over 260,000 characters of data .
not to my knowledge . as soon as i read the warning about a compound used on the cover , and the need to wash your hands every time you used this device- i threw it out .
this comes with 1 month of undated pages and an address book and advance planner . after the 1 month , or if you need dated refills , you will have to order them from day-timer .
no holes . it 's for spiral inserts only . it comes with some . but it 's not a ring binder
i did not receive a notepad .
i have no idea how many sheets it holds . but mine has expanded to approx 7 '' at the base with more room for expansion . hope this is helpful .
yes , you may fit even legal size documents inside expanding folder pockets and the pockets are deep , therefore avoiding the documents from damage . i am very happy with my purchase till this date .
no , it will be too tight and the manilla folder will not easily go in or out , but the expanding files work as a folder anyway .
it is collapsible , however , keep in mind , the more you put into this file the wider it 's going to be .
if you want graph paper then it 's absolutely perfect
the a9q is the one i have and it is 4 squares per inch . just verified it with my ruler : - )
it has to be open flat .
no
i use gel pens and they dont bleed through the pages ... the paper is a good thickness . pages are meant to stay put and heavily bound , this is not the type of notebook you can tear pages out of .
no they are not - meant to be kept long term
hi , apparently the hp 3100 series does really well with the new vista . hp officejet 7310 is having a 50 % success rating as far as i can tell ... .a crap shoot . hp can tell you for sure and their printers are like dinosaurs : if microsoft would stop making `` upgrades '' that are n't compatible , i 'm sure every hp printer i ever owned would still be working fine . : ) good luck !
i wish i could answer your question , but i no longer own this printer . i gave it away a long time ago .
try downloading the latest drivers from hp and see if that helps .
i 'm using it with win 8 and before that , 7 , but i 'd imagine it would work with vista ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
yes mine did
there are drivers for macintosh os x .
i do n't know what premium card stock is but it sounds like quality paper ? this printer is excellent and has performed very well with new paper and used on one side ( recycled ) very well !
the base is circular . 8.5 '' diameter .
it can go low - pretty much until the monitor touches the stand . i have a 24in . asus monitor and when i bring it down , it touches the stand . fyi - you probably wo n't be able to use portrait mode with a monitor that side.here are some pics for reference http : imgur.com a teccc
it could go as high as 12.5 inches . this stand is one of the better things i have bought , holds my heavy samsung 2005 monitor so i can use it vertically .
it does not attach to desk . it is designed so that the weight of the monitor is balanced over the base . mine is very stable with a 22 '' screen attached to it .
the monitor needs to be vesa 100 x 100 compatible . the stand comes with four screws that attach the stand to the monitor . instructions that come with the stand are very clear in showing to attach the stand .
very easily . its on a turntable thing , couldnt be better .
i have a 22 '' vizio led tv mounted and have been quite pleased .
this depends on the height of your monitor , as well as the location of the mounting holes on the back of it . my monitor measures 13.5 inches from top to bottom . at the lowest point , there is a clearance of 1 7 8 inches between the bottom edge of the monitor and the surface of my desk . the center of the lowest mounting holes on the back of the monitor is 6 5 16 inches above the surface of my desk .
i measured mine and it would fit space wise but the counterbalance spring might not handle the weight . the manual would say no to this large lcd . i have a heavy lcd on minebut its only a 21 '' from 2005. this stand is one of the best things i have bought but i think the weight of a 27 '' would be an overload on the spring . it would take a late model23 '' easily .
no , they do not . they come flat & u have to assemble . great , sturdy boxes though .
the box is 12.5 '' x 16 '' with the lid on . the box measures 12.25 '' with the lid off so i would say no to your question .
i have not tried to do that but my immediate thought is : not if you put too many in the box . it certainly will hold the weight of being full of file folders and paper but i would imagine the weight of vinyl albums etc would only work it were half or less ... full . hope that makes sense .
i believe a middle seam ?
these are only sold as lid and box . contact the manufacturer directly at bankersbox.comcustomer supportcall us monday through friday between 7:00 am and 7:00 pm ct. or send an email anytime ! for other products1-800-945-4545
yes you can hang folders in the box , but the lid will have to be modified to put it on !
12 boxes with 12 lids .
yes ! i bought them for that exact reason . i have about 7 bookshelves of books ranging from light paperbacks to dense anthologies , and i have used these boxes to move all my books during 3 different moves . they are very durable still and i will definitely use them again . plus , they store flat , so it is easy to store them away to reuse later.they are very sturdy and easy to carry , and they are just the right size to store move books .
no , it 's literally just a mini binder with lined paper
approximately 1 2 inch
mine weighs 7.4 oz with all the paper , i 'm guessing 2oz .
three at the top & 3 at the bottom
hi , tamara . unfortunately , the cover will definitely not fold back . it is only standard-weight vinyl over cardboard . my experience : after less than a month , the vinyl `` hinge '' began to split at both top and bottom , and required reinforcement with cloth tape . so , i 'd say `` no '' to excess flexing . that said , it is an adequate product at a fair price point , especially compared to other same-size six-ring binders . regards , scott roberts
i got a-z dividers at the same time i bought the notebook on amazon . a-z index tabs 3 3 4 x 6 3 4 were from pro software . the cost shows 7.95 plus 6.95 shipping . btw i really like the notebook as it is a pretty green and also is will open flat to the page you want to see .
yes , meade 46034 loose leaf 6 ring binder comes with paper - 40 sheets or 80 pages .
if your laptop is 9x13 '' , it will overhang the platform slightly either at the back corners of the laptop or the front . if you 're putting the stand in a corner against two walls you probably wo n't have room to tilt the display on the laptop back without the front of the laptop overhanging the front of the stand . also , the feet are slick and it tends to slide around on a smooth surface so that could be a problem if you are typing on the laptop .
the only way this would hold two monitors if it was at the right angle . i would not recommend using two monitors on it . i have a 27 '' and it barely fits . i tries my two 23 '' monitors on it and they did n't fit at all
when i measure the space between the legs it 's more like 16 '' 3 4 inches . so i would say no . my keyboard is 161 2 and fits with a tad of space .
no , the legs are not adjustable .
as it is sitting on my desk , from the desk to the top of the stand is 5 '' . the clearance ( from the desk to the underside of the shelf ) is 4.25 '' . this is a very sturdy stand - i loved it so much , i bought several to use all around the house to maximize my space ! : )
no assembly required . ready to use straight out of the box .
yes !
yes , that 's the exact printer that i have !
based on the google research done , it appears to be a match . the box also indicates the cartridges are good for model ip 1700 .
color cartridge not working not sure if its compatible with ip1700
for canon model : ip600 , ip700 , ip1800 series , ip2600 , mx300 , mx310 , mp140 , mp 150 , mp160 , mp170 , mp180 , mp190 , mp210 , mp450 , mp460 , mp470
hi as far as i know yes it is ! i now have windows 7 ! i 'm not going up to windows 8 ( no way ) ! you have to be carful what printers & scanners you now have before you jump up to a newer device ! because if you do n't then you 'll be buying all new devices that well work with what you are running on your computer ! i found out the hard way when i jumped from windows 95 to windows 7 ! i hope this helps you out ! but the best way to check a device out is to call up the companies ! lloyd ps : i do love my printer ! it 's so very easy to use !
maybe you need to do an alignment . or when you go to printing preferences , click on maintenance and there are options . maybe you can find the option that will help .
no .
18x9.5x7regards
yes ... and the printer is tough and will last many years ! i 'm on my 2nd one ... highly recommend it !
yes i have made shirts and washed them with the ink that came with the printer but there are special ink system that are cheaper to maintain and better quality check heat press nation .com
dear c ... .i have windows 7 and it works perfectly ... . but i have the luck to have a computer expert in my back pocket ( so to speak ) and i am sure that he could get it to work on 8 ( if i had it ) i like 7 and will stay with windows 7the printer is grand ... only eats black ink like a voracious hungry animalhope that this helps you
yes !
i have successfully printed card stock on this printer
no , it 's purchased separately or you can use c batteries .
12x10x6 , yes
i just weighed a sharpee pen at 18 grams , so 1 gram increments , nothing smaller .
it should be . i have used it to weigh very small packages and even grams of silver or gold jewelry .
mine came with a envelope shelf that attaches to the top i did n't need it cause i use it in the kitchen and not at the post officehope that helps i use mine every day
i do n't know-the scale works great !
no problem with mine . i only use it with a power supply , and it works perfectly .
it stays on until you shut it off . love that about it .
the machine is awesome ! just buy the recommended sleeves and drop your coins in . the machine does the rest
it is powered by 110 ac . works as advertised . only thing is to be sure and get good wrappers . i would buy it again no question .
yes , but you can get them from your bank for free
only jams if coins are not the same size as the us coins . i have had some coins just spit out that were not the same size like the quarter etc .
they stay in the machine . you have to physically flip the whole thing upside down and shake it until they fall out . due to how the mechanism which raises the coins works , you should do this while it is on .
no
if you buy the brand of wraps that work with this all you have to do is fold down the open end of the tube
not as big as i thought it was going to be , non commercial grade coin counters are not 100 % and you need to make sure with a coin tube coin rail holder , eg vegas chip holder type , to make sure the count is correct . does work though once you know the coin drop height , this last comment will make sense when you work with it .
no , this unit does not ship with any coin wrappers . the coin tubes , on the other hand , are included .
i do n't have it handy to measure , but i think it 's 12-18 '' high . you could probably carry 4 milk jugs plus more . it 's a great size and holds tons of items . i would definitely buy it again . it 's a great choice !
outer dimensions are 18 '' wide x 14.5 '' front to back x 16 '' tall container with a 38.5 '' handle.inner box dimensions are 15.5 '' x 12.5 '' x 13.5 '' , same order .
the wheels are built in so not really . maybe set a plastic container on top of the lid as long as it isnt heavy .
yes , i think it would
no , it does not .
looks like to me about three inches . might be a tad over . they will support 250 pounds and not fall into any cracks . goes up curbs fairly easily .
yes
you can not change the lead type by changing the setting . there is no way to segregate the lead types . you put the type you want in the pencil , then set the indicator .
if you tend to be klutzy and drop it repeatedly drop it from high heights it may eventually break , as the internal construction uses a plastic sleeve rather than all metal like the exterior .
i have never experienced this problem , and i 'm very particular about how the pencil feels on the paper .
no it does n't . small inconvenience for otherwise terrific m.p ... .
push the pocket clasp inward at the top to retract sleeve . push top down ( like you would with a pen ) to expose sleeve . light pressure advances the lead .
the type of lead you put in the pencil .
as i said , i have a rubber grip on mine mostly because i had an extra one laying around but without it i 'd say yes , it 'll be comfortable . it 's difficult to see in the pic but it 's got gel-like oval-shaped beads embedded in the grip area , so it wo n't slip and it 's comfortable against your fingers .
if you need to use an eraser frequently , you 're better off getting a separate eraser , like the pentel retractable clicpentel clic eraser grip retractable eraser , assorted colors , 1 pack of 3 ( ze21bp3-k6 ) advancing the lead without the silver cap would n't be that comfortable , and if you leave it off all the time you 're liable to lose it.the built in eraser is more for just an occasional mistake , not if you need to erase whole sentences often .
yes all of mine have came with lead inside them . i 've also bought refills here on amazon for the leads and erasers . i have not had to replace or add any to my pencils yet but did not want to wait till i ran out before i ordered . i love mine , very comfortable in the hand and balanced well for drawing .
nope .
it is attached as part of the frame work .
it 's 4 ' x 8 ' .
i would think it depends on how you mount it . using the hardware it came with , mine sits slightly off the wall . my guess woukd be that it would fit over outlet covers .
i would assume it would . the board 's frame is made of aluminum and the porcelain covered writing surface should be fine too . however , just going off my guesstimate but the board is very well made and is not cheap what-so-ever
this is safe to mount on drywall . i 'm not 100 % sure on hardware as it was mounted in my classroom by our maintenance department .
without measuring , i 'd say it goes 94 out of 96 '' . there 's about an inch or so gap on either side of the board .
i bought this same board 6 months ago . we hung it on the wall with just screws ... it is very secure .
tray is a cradle not flat
never tried but almost positive they 're not heat resistant
yes .
env width 8.875 in ( 8 7 8 in ) ht 3.875 inboth windows start .375 in in ( 3 8 ) fr left sidetop window is 3.5 in long and 1.125 in wide ( 1 1 8 ) bottom window is 4.0 in long and 1 in wide.top window is .75 ( 3 4 ) in from top of envthere is 1 2 in betw top window and bottom window and 1 2 in betw bottom window bottom and bottom of env.top window right edge is 4.875 ( 4 7 8 ) in from rt end of envbottom win right edge is 4 7 16 in from right end of env.sorry for all the decimals above but i did try to convert from 8ths to inches.hope that helps
i use them for invoices .
the top window is 3 1 2 '' wide x 1 1 4 '' tall.the bottom window is 4 '' wide and 1 '' tall .
i hope this is a bad computer generated question . it is box of envelopes . no i did not count them . call me dumb , but i just accept there are 500 in the box .
it will always stick up .
i have had some luck contacting the seller , they just sent replacement ones to me . we have a bunch of these , and i have had to get two replacement wheels . very easy to work with .
no .
metal
i think you could use it as a working surface , measuring 13x24 inches . there is no knee space so you would have to lean over it .
no
it comes ready for the normal size folders . however , the addition of cross rails would not be hard to do . it could be made to have two sections of legal hanging folders in that way .
yes . we use it daily . if standing you do have to bend over a little works better sitting . very mobil we use it every mourning while doing our am updates then roll it out of the way . great piece of useable office furniture . recommend !
on the power supply ( that plugs into an ac outlet ) there is an rca jack to can be used for call recording . to record a conversationplug the end of a cable with rca-type connectors into the aux out jack on the power supply . plug the other end of the cable into the aux in jack of your tape recorder .
yes , it works very well . it is good for up to 12 to 15. it has a standard phone jack .
yes
it appears to be an ethernet cable .
no
i have no tech advice , but works extremely well with my digital system .
i 'm not sure - it works great with 10 but i would ask the manufacturer for sure . i love this machine - it has made my life so much easier !
no it does not .
it works with ms outlook so i would imagine that database is available to exchange . hope that helps ?
good question ! when i upgraded the computers for our office last month and was unable to install because there is no driver for windows 8 .
i do n't know if it works with windows 8. they have a phone number you can call and they are very helpful.i have tried many top of the line scanners . they all have the same problem . they scan well but cant think . they do n't read and determine what they are scanning and what field it should be transferred to . i ended up returning this scanner . it is cool . it will scan quickly and put information into a contact page . but the information will always have typos and errors . you spend more time reviewing and fixing then you would just entering the card manually . if you find an intelligent scanner . let us know . i do n't know if it works with windows 8. they have a phone number you can call and they are very helpful.i have tried many top of the line scanners . they all have the same problem . they scan well but cant think . they do n't read and determine what they are scanning and what field it should be transferred to . i ended up returning this scanner . it is cool . it will scan quickly and put information into a contact page . but the information will always have typos and errors . you spend more time reviewing and fixing then you would just entering the card manually . if you find an intelligent ... » read more i do n't know if it works with windows 8. they have a phone number you can call and they are very helpful.i have tried many top of the line scanners . they all have the same problem . they scan well but cant think . they do n't read and determine what they are scanning and what field it should be transferred to . i ended up returning this scanner . it is cool . it will scan quickly and put information into a contact page . but the information will always have typos and errors . you spend more time reviewing and fixing then you would just entering the card manually . if you find an intelligent scanner . let us know . « show less
regular size . this is simply the most amazing stapler i 've ever used . it should be in the guiness book of records as the best stapler ever designed .
if you mean that when you press down on the stapler , the staple cuts through the paper , rather than holding the top sheet to those below , then no , i have n't seen that problem with these staplers . and i use them heavily in teaching labs and my desk , so i would n't worry about that happening normally . you are right , if the top sheet is n't fastened to the bottom ones , no point in stapling them ! i gave an extra one to a professor , who said it changed his life : ) ...
are you feeding them in upside down by any chance ? i was trying to do that when i first got it
yes
the paperpro website says that amax inc. is the developer , distributor and manufacturer of paperpro brand products . amax inc. is located in east greenwich , rhode island .
yes ... my stapler came with a small sample pack of accentra # 1904 staples , but i also bought a larger box ( accentra # 1901 ) and those staples work just fine .
not significantly louder than similar staplers .
no . i tried it and a bit too tight for even a flatter box .
probably . they 're pretty thin but not flimsy .
i do n't think so . i use them for mailing jewelry .
no , but there are cd dvd mailing boxes that run about $ 0.17 each but minimum order is 50 , they are 5 '' x 5 '' . draw back is you have to figure out how to fold them on your own .
they are blank on both sides .
yes ! great deal
definitely
yes , 1 box - approx . 2 ' x 2 ' x 2 '
this is a quality packing envelope , so it should n't rip if it 's properly packed .
only if you put a piece of cardboard on either side of the record . the envelope itself is not sturdy enough to protect a record .
1 ounce
50 envelopes in the case . staples sells 10 envelopes of this size for $ 26.00
it was such a terrible printer that i got rid of it , but it 's a feed tray for making copies and scanning . works like most copy machines .
yes , however you must have all 4 cartridges installed in order for it to work .
no
most brothers of this size are designed to not operate at all if any of the cartridges run out . in fact , you cant even use any of the other features such as scanner or fax , which i think is kinda dumb . oh and be very careful you dont bump this thing cus it will show you have empty cartridge when it still has plenty of ink so now you cant use anything . good luck..i wont own another one .
yes
i use these always to send music cds as well as cds for video games . i do place cardboard ( cereal box thickness ) around the cd to protect while in transit . i do find the usps is not always careful about packages . i have ordered these at least three times . good luck !
we use them to ship light objects cd in cardboard cover etc . i would not use them for a hard back book . they would not hold up . the heaviest item we have shipped is a 6 disc plastic dvd size case and it had a manageable damage rate of 2 or 3 per 100 , but was very light < 4oz . avg hard back book is over a pound + .
it weighs .6oz . yes , that size box would fit inside .
the interior is medium dark silver with clear bubble-wrap attached over that . exterior is white . these are very nice , servicable mailers .
these are bubble lined mailers . i never measured the thickness but there were of good quality for most items we shipped . my only complaint with them was that the glue strips were not as good as they should have been . we had to tape over them for some items to be sure they would stay sealed .
you ca n't see through these . i use them regularly to ship items that i sell on amazon ebay .
the inside consists of a clear bubble wrap with a white interior . the silver that you see is the strip you pull to fasten the flap to the envelope . this is a nice product .
i ca n't imagine any printer being able to have it run through . i 've ordered some adhesive labels that are on their way , but in the meantime , i 've been just taping a half sheet of paper with addressing info onto the envelope .
i am using it on a laptop using win7 64bit . like i said it will run on older versions of skype ( which should install ( revert ) when you set it up . not all functionality is available but it has been good enough for me . also when i have both phones plugged in ( the router version as well ) then i can answer a second call with the other phone without hanging up on first one . pretty cool for me .
yes . however , no longer works with latest skype on windows 7 .
gosh , my phone works perfectly . not sure why there would be information to the contrary except an attempt to sell another product .
yes , and it must be a pc . i learned the lesson the hard way cuz i have a mac .
i do n't know about that , but i strongly urge you not spend your money on this complete waste . i stupidly bought three ( one for each level of my house ) about two months ago . i have just thrown out the last one that stopped working . one lasted less than a month . one lasted a little longer , and this one made it for two whole months . all of a sudden the item shows 8 's all across the screen and then it is useless . but , when it worked , it was great . oh well .
there is a limited warranty for one year . there two telephone numbers for questions on warranty : ( 480 ) 948-4928 or ( 800 ) 556-0007. we have two of these ( one foreach telephone line ) and are very satisfied . it is so nice not to have to worry about batteries . they are such a pain to change & wear out quickly .
yes , it stores up to 80 numbers .
hi daisy , to set this up with a separate answering machine you will need three phone cords . if you do not have enough you can pick them up at any walmart or hardware store . start by running a phone line from the wall to the caller id unit input . then run a phone line from the caller id unit output to the answering machine input . the run the last phone line from the answering machine output to the telephone . this will ensure that each device is in the proper order to do it 's job : ) . i hope this helps !
about 1 4 '' ... .maybe less ... .and it is not backlit . i suspect you need something bigger and brighter ... right ? this is not it .
that would be a question to ask the manufacture . they are very good about responding , you can go to there web site and get there contact information .
i 'm not sure what your question is but i can tell you this thing is a piece of junk . it did n't last 6 months and quit working . it is a waste of money . do not buy .
yes , bob , you do . fyi this caller id did not last very long . my phone quit working and the phone people realized that it was a faulty caller id.i junked it and ordered a bellsouth product . i have always had good results from their products .
ultimately , it wo n't , if people swap cards . i believe they make thumb readers , but the technically savvy could probably get around this too .
the badges i received were not in sequential order
the proximity cards will only work with icon time clocks such as the universal time clocks . however , the universal time clocks have the unique capability of supporting 3rd party badges , with some added configuration . this complimentary functionality was designed for companies that want to continue using their existing access control badge for clocking in out purposes at a time clock as well . please do not hesitate to message us for follow up questions .
i 'm not familiar with the ta200 so i ca n't answer that question . cards can be reused easily but you would lose the historical data from the other user .
yes they will work with that model clock
what do you mean by printable ? these are the badges you use to clock in . they are made of hard plastic .
it requires a # tn460
it looks like it will handle legal size paper in the paper tray . i have faxed legal size documents and have n't had any complaints . the person receiving them would have to have legal size paper in their tray , i would think . i depends on how many pages you receive at once . i have n't had any trouble with paper falling on the floor but i do n't think the incoming tray would hold a lot of paper .
excellent no problem whatsoever used in law office every day for about 2 years . a real workhorse
manual feed only
you will need to go through the settings and make sure that the incoming is set to fax only . you will also want to lower the ring to answer to the lowest setting .
appears that the feeder is the only option .
fantastic machine but i am not sure . i would call the manufacture customer number to verify vs taking someone word for it .
specs say 3 seconds per page
i 'm sorry but i can not answer your question because i have no idea what 'verizon fios ' is .
i do n't think so . have n't looked at it for a while , but i think it is a straight telephone line connection . i 'd be happy to send it to you if you 'll pay the postage .
i bought this for my mother , so do n't have it here to check , but i 'm pretty sure you can use it with your home number . the owner 's manual is available on panasonic 's website ; you can see all the details there .
about 20-25 sheets . it works well for faxing and copying . i like mine . beverley
they 're metal tips but plastic barrels
assembled in thailand
there are 3 pencils with the following lead sizes : .3 , .5 , .7mm .
i am not 100 % sure , but i am fairly certain that all three come with hb lead .
usually when i write , it 's a grade school level . after buying this pencil , i went to write my wife a note telling her that i will be home late , and unintentionally wrote the constitution , the bible , and 3 4 of the known shakespeare works , so i 'd say it 's a pretty sweet pencil .
mine did but it is a cheap plastic case like one to hang on a display rack .
approx 2 '' as well .
its very stable . i have each section stuffed with papers and heavy paper to make mailing labels . the bottom has 2 shelves which holds cd '' s and additional accessories that i use for the printer . i keep this right next to the computer and printer .
i just measured mine . it is 13.25 across the face and 11.5 from front to back . it is open on both sides . hope that helps .
the dimensions are 13 1 2 '' wide , 13 '' high and 11 1 4 '' deep
they are all open on the back . it has n't been an issue for me . i love the organizer , very sturdy .
13 '' w x 13.5 '' h x 12 '' d
it is one piece . no assembly required . very nicely made .
no they are not . they are all attached .
1 2 '' plus a foam pad 1 8 '' under each corner .
i 've done just that . although you ca n't necessarily see through all the crap i have stocked in them , it looks like a 13 slot arrangement at ~31.5 '' long . ( of course there is that small ~1 2 '' slot created at the seam of the two units . if you load them down or secure them where the do n't slide , you can get this tiny 14th space .
slot width is 2 1 8 `` at the edge ... a tiny bit wider in the interior at about 2 3 16 '' . but , no , 2.75 thick wo n't fit .
it is one piece . no assembly required . rugged great quality .
not true . it is equally perfect on both sides . i too heard that the black ink on the 2nd side was made from composite black , but if it is , in no way is it noticible .
we 've never had any similar problems with out mp530 .
the streak is caused by a pile up of black ink underneath the foam pad just below the large black tank . try to remove the foam . you will notice one hole that has black ink around it . clean that as well as you can with a q tip ( you have to remove some of the cotton ) . i took my whole machine completely apart first and killed it dead . if this does n't work , buy a new machine . i bought a canon mx850 because it uses the same cartridges and has a newer interface . it does n't cost much more than the ink packaged in the box . ( a full set of 5 cartridges )
i 've looked at several other sites that sell the mp530 and all say it has a one year warranty with fast replace or something . i wish it was two years !
yes , scansoft omnipage se
hi , did you manage to stop the clicking noise ? mine is now doing this -- as you said , about every second . additionally , the `` in use memory '' light is flashing . this started only minutes ago when trying to print . thanks for any help.allison
here 's the post : i purchased the canon mp530 and have had very good results so far . all the bad reviews about the ink cartridges are by people who gave up on the printer without a simple google search to fix the problems . you can disable the print monitor all together so that the printer will work no matter how low the ink levels are . this is helpful when you refill the ink cartridges yourself , as i have done . canon would love you buy their tanks every time they go low , but you can refill them yourself ; but you must turn off the print monitor because the printer thinks it 's tanks are empty even though you 've refilled them . do it this way : 1 ) go to `` maintenance '' tab on print properties 2 ) select `` view printer status '' from the bottom 3 ) click `` option '' and deselect `` enable status monitor '' -- that simple ! a minor annoyance that does n't warrant a one-star rating from other users . i really like this printer ! here 's the post : i purchased the canon mp530 and have had very good results so far . all the bad reviews about the ink cartridges are by people who gave up on the printer without a simple google search to fix the problems . you can disable the print monitor all together so that the printer will work no matter how low the ink levels are . this is helpful when you refill the ink cartridges yourself , as i have done . canon would love you buy their tanks every time they go low , but you can refill them yourself ; but you must turn off the print monitor because the printer thinks it 's tanks ... » read more here 's the post : i purchased the canon mp530 and have had very good results so far . all the bad reviews about the ink cartridges are by people who gave up on the printer without a simple google search to fix the problems . you can disable the print monitor all together so that the printer will work no matter how low the ink levels are . this is helpful when you refill the ink cartridges yourself , as i have done . canon would love you buy their tanks every time they go low , but you can refill them yourself ; but you must turn off the print monitor because the printer thinks it 's tanks are empty even though you 've refilled them . do it this way : 1 ) go to `` maintenance '' tab on print properties 2 ) select `` view printer status '' from the bottom 3 ) click `` option '' and deselect `` enable status monitor '' -- that simple ! a minor annoyance that does n't warrant a one-star rating from other users . i really like this printer ! « show less
yes , according to all the sellers on the certain huge online auction site not-to-be-named . but , you have to keep in mind that the chip and printer will forever remember each other and the printer will continue to give you a pop up stating your ink is low , when in fact you just filled it . the ink level is a guesstimate and not an actual level indicator . you can buy off-brand cartridges and put the old chip on them , but they will show as empty . you have to force the driver to accept that you wish to keep using the `` empty '' tanks . it works , it 's just annoying .
canon places a `` proprietary '' chip on its ink cartridges , including the one for this all-in-one printer . without it , the printer will not work . the `` generic '' cartridge manufacturer retailer has not been able to duplicate it , forcing consumers to purchase canon 's brand of over-priced inks . for additional information , go to the discussion forum at the bottom of the canon mp600 printer review . look for comments under topic `` anyone try canon compatible ink yet ? ''
according to the mp navigator software that comes with it you can do a duplex batch scan . i 've never actually done it , but it appears to put it all together .
yes , i 've been using a ip6600d for at least 10 years and a ip6700d for a year or so . prints great documents . great printers .
yes
this is a quote from canon 's website regarding the ip6700d printer : `` when you 're ready , just connect your pictbridge ready digital camera , dv camcorder , or compatible memory card and print . it 's truly that simple . for added convenience , the ip6700 also lets you print wirelessly right from your infrared-enabled mobile camera phone , or a compatible bluetooth device , ( using the optional usb bluetooth adapter ) . you can do all this quickly and easily thanks to the usb 2.0 interface , which enables the fastest possible image transfers . ''
i finally posted my review . i did see the reviews for the ip5200 . the most important factor to me between these two concerned the inks - the ip5200 with two blacks , cyan , magenta , and yellow compared to the ip6700 with black , cyan , magenta , light cyan , light magenta , and yellow ) . that gives me the impression that the ip5200 is intended for general home network printing and the ip6700 is more geared towards workstation-serious photo printing . the only way to tell for sure , though , is to test these two printers side by side .
yes . you can get good quality 02 cartridges through amazon from a company call sophia . you put them in your printer and they 'll actually register as hp and they perform extremely well .
when i allowed hp to update the software that came with the printer , it changed my options from being able to use black only . now the printer wo n't print without using colors ; it 's not even a choice to do black only . i 'll never buy another hp printer -- not that the other inkjet manufacturers are n't doing similar things to sell ink . i do buy my own ink and refill the cartridges , but be prepared for threatening messages from the printer about using non-hp ink and the damage it will cause . at $ 24 a piece , with two pinks and two cyans , a yellow that runs out in minutes and a black -- that is some stupid money to spend on printing . just one woman 's opinion . when i allowed hp to update the software that came with the printer , it changed my options from being able to use black only . now the printer wo n't print without using colors ; it 's not even a choice to do black only . i 'll never buy another hp printer -- not that the other inkjet manufacturers are n't doing similar things to sell ink . i do buy my own ink and refill the cartridges , but be prepared for threatening messages from the printer about using non-hp ink and the damage it will cause . at $ 24 a piece , with two pinks and two cyans , a yellow that runs out in minutes and a black -- that is some ... » read more when i allowed hp to update the software that came with the printer , it changed my options from being able to use black only . now the printer wo n't print without using colors ; it 's not even a choice to do black only . i 'll never buy another hp printer -- not that the other inkjet manufacturers are n't doing similar things to sell ink . i do buy my own ink and refill the cartridges , but be prepared for threatening messages from the printer about using non-hp ink and the damage it will cause . at $ 24 a piece , with two pinks and two cyans , a yellow that runs out in minutes and a black -- that is some stupid money to spend on printing . just one woman 's opinion . « show less
first of all you are very lucky it is still working . there are faults on the pcb capacitors which make the printer constantly recycle . if you are using the photo paper pack with the cartridges then i was informed by a reliable source that there is just enough ink to print the paper pack included . could this be the reason ?
no . sorry .
they are the hp 02 's . i have had that message stating the cartridges are past due and just keep using them until they run out . i have been buying cartridges from www.ldproducts.com and save a lot of money and see no difference in oem cartridges and the ld cartridges . you will see that ld website asks you for printer model and it shows you the cartridge options . after hp stopped supporting the printer after 1 year i decided they must not really need my business .
absolutely perfect for card making- one of the best gifts i ever bought ! my kidsconstantly use them for everything including making cards !
what are you trying to write on ? they work great on black or white paper . if they wo n't write on paper , send them back they must be all dried out .
yes , they are great for highlighting a drawing on white paper , or printing something that you want to stand out . plus they are opaque so they cover things as well . great pens .
they are very similar . i loved those milky pens as well .
i think you would be better off going with the gloss pens from the same company . they write on plastic , glass wood , etc. , are waterproof and will also leave a slight 3d effect on non-porous surfaces ( even more so with layering ) .
only the fluorescent colors will glow under a black light , there are 5 of the fluorescent colors in this set . no , they will not write on plastic .
bert - yes a cd comes with the unit and contains software .
this is confusing . the company website says it does n't work with 64-bit systems - does that mean windows 7 ? why do n't they just tell us what it does or does not work with - we are n't all computer people .
cardscan confirms it will not work . you may be able to do some fancy work but i returned mine .
no
i returned the v8 , replacing it with v9 which is compatible with w7 . it does export to outlook and seems to work with most email hosting services , but i do not see where it can export directly to excel .
noo it does not scan both the sides at the same time
since it was n't recognized by windows 7 i ca n't ' say . i suggest you go to v9 which will recognize the card after the scan .
i have this same printer , normal operation is very quiet , so you have a absolute problem . i 've experienced some major plastic gear grinding noises that are very loud . what i found the solution to be was to open the rear paper jam panel and slam it shut a couple times . drop the front panel down and just under the toner cartridges you 'll see a small handle , bottom dead center . this pulls out the entire assembly holding all the toner packs in . pull it out just a couple inches and slam it back in a couple times , then close the front door and carefully look at the top of the door making sure its even all the way across the top , if its off just slightly you don ; t have that other part that holds all the toner pushed all the way in properly . also pull the paper tray out and take extra care to make sure you 're getting it pushed in properly . i don ; t know which one of those things solved the problem , but by doing all of the above i no longer have the noise issue ( severe noise at that ) and now it prints and runs smooth and quiet . i have this same printer , normal operation is very quiet , so you have a absolute problem . i 've experienced some major plastic gear grinding noises that are very loud . what i found the solution to be was to open the rear paper jam panel and slam it shut a couple times . drop the front panel down and just under the toner cartridges you 'll see a small handle , bottom dead center . this pulls out the entire assembly holding all the toner packs in . pull it out just a couple inches and slam it back in a couple times , then close the front door and carefully look at the top of the door making sure its ... » read more i have this same printer , normal operation is very quiet , so you have a absolute problem . i 've experienced some major plastic gear grinding noises that are very loud . what i found the solution to be was to open the rear paper jam panel and slam it shut a couple times . drop the front panel down and just under the toner cartridges you 'll see a small handle , bottom dead center . this pulls out the entire assembly holding all the toner packs in . pull it out just a couple inches and slam it back in a couple times , then close the front door and carefully look at the top of the door making sure its even all the way across the top , if its off just slightly you don ; t have that other part that holds all the toner pushed all the way in properly . also pull the paper tray out and take extra care to make sure you 're getting it pushed in properly . i don ; t know which one of those things solved the problem , but by doing all of the above i no longer have the noise issue ( severe noise at that ) and now it prints and runs smooth and quiet . « show less
samsung released a firmware patch for this last september on their korean service site . newer firmware might fix the problem as well . do you still need help ?
i have the same printer with the same network issue . however , you do n't need the smartpanel to check the toner levels . in the print dialog ( after you print a doc , etc ) , select `` summary '' from the third drop down menu from the top . this should let you see where you stand supply-wise . good luck !
1 ) are you sure your cable is a usb 2.0 piece ? 2 ) is your cable plugged into a direct port on the computer and not a hub , especially if the hub is un-powered
i 've had this printer for maybe a year , and i 've only had two or three jams , usually if i 've been printing a lot of graphics-heavy stuff without giving the machine a rest . it overheats and the paper seems to stick . i find if i let it cool down and pull out the offending paper wreckage , i can continue without incident . i realize this may not be really helpful to you but it 's what my experience has been . i find it interesting how many totally divergent experiences people have had with this machine .
no , this is not appropriate for that .
it means that this model will not work with vonage as the supplier provider of voice over ip ( voip ) . it does work with many voip providers including mine which is nextiva . the term `` unlocked '' refers to software settings in the box ( phone etc ) that are normally not available to the consumer . if such a box is `` unlocked '' it can possibly be modified to work with a service it is not normally intended to work with . making modifications to an unlocked product generally voids its warranty , may cause it to work improperly if the modification is incorrect or the product can fail all together and not be recoverable . it means that this model will not work with vonage as the supplier provider of voice over ip ( voip ) . it does work with many voip providers including mine which is nextiva . the term `` unlocked '' refers to software settings in the box ( phone etc ) that are normally not available to the consumer . if such a box is `` unlocked '' it can possibly be modified to work with a service it is not normally intended to work with . making modifications to an unlocked product generally voids its warranty , may cause it to work improperly if the modification is incorrect or the product can fail ... » read more it means that this model will not work with vonage as the supplier provider of voice over ip ( voip ) . it does work with many voip providers including mine which is nextiva . the term `` unlocked '' refers to software settings in the box ( phone etc ) that are normally not available to the consumer . if such a box is `` unlocked '' it can possibly be modified to work with a service it is not normally intended to work with . making modifications to an unlocked product generally voids its warranty , may cause it to work improperly if the modification is incorrect or the product can fail all together and not be recoverable . « show less
this is just another device connecting to your route , just like a computer . you will need to have an account ( i use voip.ms but any type of service will be compatible ) . this device will hold your account information and keep the connection alive to the service . i then have my phone connected to this device ( which has 3 remote handsets ) . i have had very good luck with this . it 's kind of a set it up and forget it type of thing .
yes it is ...
yes , never installed , ready to use and with the original package .
there are 2 ports on the adapter . each port supports 1 line . for example you could connect the phone line to a base station for a set of wireless phones , or to an existing outlet in the house ( note : if you connect to a outlet in the house , make sure you disconnect the phone line coming in from the street . i hear this can zap out the adapter ) . i have been using this for several years and am very happy with it 's performance .
the 8600 will scan 4 slides at a time , you do not have to take them out of thier mounts .
this seems to be a full-blown scanner . per the canon website and user 's manual it can scan the usual documents ( up to 8.5 x 11 ) as well as pictures as well as 35mm negs and slides as well as medium format film . it can output in jpeg , tiff , pdf , and others . i 'm ordering one today ! to download the manual see http : alpha03u.c-wss.com inc applservlet ? sv=wwuca900
http : www.usa.canon.com cusa support consumer scanners canoscan_series canoscan_8600f # brochuresandmanuals
the answer is yes . the canon website ( www.usa.canon.com ) has the drivers and software needed to run the 8600f on vista .
i have the same question but have n't found the answer yet !
it worked for windows 7 for us .
only if you remove them from their mounts and place then 1 at a time in the slot meant for a strip of film . the device is meant for strips of negatives ( bw or color ) .
yes . it takes a standard full-sized male to `` mini '' plug .
yes . i am using mine on a dell pc with windows 7 . 64 bit os .
very tough pencil , unless you forcibly remove it there is no way it will come off by itself .
since you can load different hardness leads in this pencil , they print several different types of lead on the pencil and have a rotating metal band with a window in it that you move until the type of lead you have is showing . for example , you can rotate it until `` 2b '' , `` b '' , `` hb '' , `` f '' , `` h '' , 2h , or `` 4h '' shows thru the window .
the alvin website lists the country of origin as japan . i have n't found any markings on the pencil or plastic sleeve it was shipped in to indicate a country of origin .
see these : clover refill mechanical 0.7mm pencil , pinkpentel super hi-polymer refill leads hb 0.7 mm tube of 12 [ pack of 24 ]
no it does not . it is the simple pellet type eraser that you replace when it 's worn down .
0.2 oz . [ 1 5 of an ounce ]
for the first class letter they a bit wide but if you use them for first class packages and they under 13 oz , they will work .
1 6 x 9 grey plastic outer envelope weighs .1 oz .
yes i it will . i just popped a book inside to see . but i guess u will have to pad the edges of book so it does n't get banged around .
no , they are not .
with permanent marker . yes . also put clear tape over because it does smudge off !
a single wii game case or dvd case will fit in the bag easily . i do n't know if other video games will , or not , because we only have a wii .
bags are not made of paper . i believe the plastic is quite durable - not really thin . maybe like a good thick zip lock bag . if something pointed is put in the bag , it may rip but that would be true of even a very thick plastic .
according to web search these bags are 2.5 mm thick . they are very sturdy .
i just checked & it fits about 2 men 's medium weight xl t-shirts without stretching the plastic & 2 paperback 500 page books no bigger than 6x9 '' with room for thin bubble wrap . shirts & books not at the same time ofcourse ! : ) plastic is thin so package reinforce appropriately .
no . they are flat plastic `` envelopes . '' they tear easily and the adhesive closure does not hold.i ca n't trust anything i would send in them would arrive . exceptionally poor quality for the purpose .
it 's just under 13.75 '' to the 1 4 '' sticky part of the flap . so technically that gives you about 3 4 '' ( taking a little ) extra length with the bag completely flat . the bag minus the flap is confirmed 9 1 16 '' x 12 3 4 '' laying flat . the side seals are machine sealed and practically on the edge so they do n't take very much away from the 9 '' width with the 1 16 '' clearance . however , for this reason and how thin the material is i reinforce the sides with packaging tape just to not take chances .
hi there ! one of these bags weighs approximately 4 10th 's of an ounce . i hope that helps and have a great day !
no
they would be great for protecting books , as once they are sealed they are water tight . also they are extremely hard to rip which is another plus . that being said , if i was going to ship a book in one i would wrap the book in bubble wrap first to protect it from moving around too much , and to protect the edges . if you have seen the post office , fed ex , or ups , handle things then you know that they love to just throw things around . i always try to put an extra layer of protection on things that i ship just to be on the safe side .
i do n't know because the outside is slick . i can use a permanent marker and after it dries , it does stick . i can send you a bag if you 'd like , then you can practice on it .
i use them all the time to ship first class . as long as it is under 13 oz it is fine . i actually had no idea it was over any measurements and have used them at least 30 times and not once has any one mentuioned that it was too big on my first class mailings so you should nnot have any issues .
these are not padded . i would say that if it 's a very special magazine , you get padded envelopes or use bubble wrap to protect them . these envelopes are 12 inches x 15.5 inches . you would have to measure the magazine to see if it fits .
usa
hi there ! the actual internal dimensions on these are 12x15.5 inches .
sticks perfectly !
no
about as well as a ziploc bag . which is to say , from water and scuffs but not bumps or drops .
i just checked & it fits about 2 men 's medium weight xl t-shirts without stretching the plastic & 2 paperback 500 page books no bigger than 6x9 '' with room for thin bubble wrap . shirts & books not at the same time ofcourse ! : ) plastic is thin so package reinforce appropriately .
according to web search these bags are 2.5 mm thick . they are very sturdy .
no . they are flat plastic `` envelopes . '' they tear easily and the adhesive closure does not hold.i ca n't trust anything i would send in them would arrive . exceptionally poor quality for the purpose .
it 's just under 13.75 '' to the 1 4 '' sticky part of the flap . so technically that gives you about 3 4 '' ( taking a little ) extra length with the bag completely flat . the bag minus the flap is confirmed 9 1 16 '' x 12 3 4 '' laying flat . the side seals are machine sealed and practically on the edge so they do n't take very much away from the 9 '' width with the 1 16 '' clearance . however , for this reason and how thin the material is i reinforce the sides with packaging tape just to not take chances .
hi there ! one of these bags weighs approximately 4 10th 's of an ounce . i hope that helps and have a great day !
that depends on the size and type of the shirts . i shipped a women 's medium basic t-shirt , and i probably could have fit about 10 of them in the bag comfortably .
they are gray-ish white with charcoal black interior .
i bought these back in november and they were great . reordered last month and they were crappy .
no
yes , a 9x4x4.5 kleenex box fit . �
really you can use any kind of label you like ... i like to use adhesive labels but you could even just write the address with a sharpie and use stamps if you like . i usually ship via usps and print all my postage labels at home , so for everything except priority international ( which has to be printed on regular paper ) , i use these labels in my inkjet printer : 200 shipping labels white blank half page self adhesive for laser inkjet printerthey work great on these polybag mailers , boxes , envelopes , etc .
we use them as a moisture barrier for our books after we have packaged them with cardboard and bubble wrap . would not be advisable to ship book in this alone . no protection . bill bbbbooks
if you wrap with 2 layers of 1 '' bubble wrap and mark the package fragile it will probably be ok but it would be better to wrap in 1 '' bubble wrap , put inside box and then put in bag .
do n't think so . i just packed 3 baby quilts in one , and maxed it out . i checked the height just now : 7 inches . i do n't think it would go any higher .
i would say so . the bag is quite large itself . you *may need to squeeze some of the air out , although i think it unlikely . just make sure to use extra tape to secure the closure , as it is easy to reopen on its own ( adhesive is not very strong )
yes they will , but the envelopes are very thin you may want to add padding
yes
.9 ounces . however , every time i get these , i get a slightly different version . some are thicker than others . the one that i currently have is this weight .
that will probably not fit . these envelopes really only fit five by seven and smaller .
the ones i received did n't have tabs .
no , there are no pull tabs . have them in my hand right now .
i believe that all depends on what is in the envelope . if you do n't mind that it gets bent , then it 's fine . otherwise you 'll have to pay the extra amount for it to not go through the machine . the envelopes themselves are n't super thick , so they can bend just fine - it all depends on what you put in it .
indeed . pull tape off the preglued flap , press closed , and mail .
it is a 4x6 printer from you pc
you would have to insert your sd card into your computer and then print with the a310 , but there is no where to insert an sd card directly .
hi . to answer your question this is the 4 th machine i have had over many years . i use kodak photo paper . my machine uses 110 ink cartridge that is for photos . i have printed indexes to show what pictures i have on sd card , i have a daycare so i use it to put wallet size pictures on cabbies and tables . i just print 4 of the same picture on 1 sheet . i also scrapbook for multiple grandchildren and print out several copys . my photo printer will not hold larger paper . but my computer has a slot for my sd card and i can download pictures to it . you can buy large photo paper at wal-mart . the only thing i would worry about is the ink not being photo safe and would not last as long . hope this helps and was not to random . brenda hi . to answer your question this is the 4 th machine i have had over many years . i use kodak photo paper . my machine uses 110 ink cartridge that is for photos . i have printed indexes to show what pictures i have on sd card , i have a daycare so i use it to put wallet size pictures on cabbies and tables . i just print 4 of the same picture on 1 sheet . i also scrapbook for multiple grandchildren and print out several copys . my photo printer will not hold larger paper . but my computer has a slot for my sd card and i can download pictures to it . you can buy large photo paper at wal-mart . the only ... » read more hi . to answer your question this is the 4 th machine i have had over many years . i use kodak photo paper . my machine uses 110 ink cartridge that is for photos . i have printed indexes to show what pictures i have on sd card , i have a daycare so i use it to put wallet size pictures on cabbies and tables . i just print 4 of the same picture on 1 sheet . i also scrapbook for multiple grandchildren and print out several copys . my photo printer will not hold larger paper . but my computer has a slot for my sd card and i can download pictures to it . you can buy large photo paper at wal-mart . the only thing i would worry about is the ink not being photo safe and would not last as long . hope this helps and was not to random . brenda « show less
i would say yes . i bought it primarily because the wheels are a larger diameter than others i looked at . i have been very pleased with he cart which is my winter mode of transporting items from the store .
yes !
the tires are rubber , and smell like tires . it 's a strong smell . i keep mine out on my patio because of the odor .
i can not say how much weight it can hold , but it holds a great amount of groceries for me . i fill up both sections with very heavy items .
it comes in a small box that can easily be gift wraped .
yes
yes
yes
it does n't require more pressure than any other pen , probably less .
no ? i would suggest heating at 300* for no more than 10 minutes or until tender .
comes with black
yes , with fisher brand cartridges , it 's a simple change . much like the zebra brand or pilot g2 .
when i ordered mine there was one in the package for about $ 15.00
no it does not .
if you do n't have the instruction book , observe the old ribbon . take off one portion of the old one at a time , and replace it with the new one . you may be able to google the instructions .
sorry , i honestly do n't know . they say it will fit most calculators with two spool , red & black ribbons . i would ask the seller . good luck
seller claims it will work on any calculator that take a black & red ribbon . i would ask the seller because all machines are not the same . hope this helps ...
do n't know . i use these on my sharp compet qs-2760h .
hi , i looked up your calculator and it says yes , it will fit this machine ...
do n't worry it is worth it ! lol !
it 's good ... i do notice my keyboard gets pushed up a bit in the heat of battle to make way for more mouse room . all i can say is you will love this pad ! buy it !
it 's soft , but not very thick . the padding from the neoprene backing is maybe 1 8th to 1 4th inch thick .
18 '' x 35.5 x 1 16 ''
i have been using my tracker pad for about a year and though it does not look as black as when i purchased it the surface is smooth and soft . if i drop crumbs on it it does feel gritty but a quick shake in the waste basket and it clear . i have never tried to wash it although i am sure that the oil from my hands has penetrated the surface . it is large enough that i do n't worry ableout running out of real estate . i would buy another if needed .
i use snow leopard and it is compatible with that os .
it 's 120v a c north american plug 3prong it does not write dvd 's , it only prints on printable media .
in answer to your query , this printer is excellent . i have been using one for close to ten years and never had a failing . it uses one ink cartridge only which is available in regular and large , the large one feels to last forever . when combined with surething labeller software on your pc , it provides excellent cd dvd printed labels . there are 2 or 3 models of the primera disc printers . the base model that i have been using and highly recommend does not have a cd dvd drive but i am certain they manufacture a model that does have this option.hope this helps . cheers for now harry . in answer to your query , this printer is excellent . i have been using one for close to ten years and never had a failing . it uses one ink cartridge only which is available in regular and large , the large one feels to last forever . when combined with surething labeller software on your pc , it provides excellent cd dvd printed labels . there are 2 or 3 models of the primera disc printers . the base model that i have been using and highly recommend does not have a cd dvd drive but i am certain they manufacture a model that does have this option.hope this helps . cheers for now ... » read more in answer to your query , this printer is excellent . i have been using one for close to ten years and never had a failing . it uses one ink cartridge only which is available in regular and large , the large one feels to last forever . when combined with surething labeller software on your pc , it provides excellent cd dvd printed labels . there are 2 or 3 models of the primera disc printers . the base model that i have been using and highly recommend does not have a cd dvd drive but i am certain they manufacture a model that does have this option.hope this helps . cheers for now harry . « show less
not that i know , i only ordered the one tgat came with the printer that had all tge colors ,
yes .
yes it is .
this printer only uses one multi-color cartridge .
sam , i have no problem running this on the three different macs in my studio . i run a mac pro , macbook pro , and an air , and all three use the printer just fine .
this machine will take any printable cd . we use an inexpensive verbatim brand and it prints up nicely .
nope- it is an ink-jet printer . you much use coated disks for ink-jet . you can get both the large hole and small hole ones from amazon .
this calculator `` can '' print dates but not automatically . you have to input manually the date desired to be printed . for example , if you want to print july,26th 2014 , you can enter inte the number keypad the sequence ( 0 ) ( 7 ) ( . ) ( 2 ) ( 6 ) . ( 2 ) ( 0 ) ( 1 ) ( 4 ) and them press the `` diamond sharp '' button in the top of the keyboard and the calculator will print a line with this information.you can use this feature to print any numbered information desired in the paper , included the time , but it isn´t an automatic feature .
you are right , not much paper tape . but not a big issue . roles of tape pretty cheap at office supply stores . no shortage of ink . quality at this price off sets any mini tape issue . i have worker in an office nearly 60 years . never saw this many features at this price before
regular paper rolls . this in not a thermal printer .
to set a tax percent rate , first , turn the calculator off and then turn it on.press and hold the [ % ] key . the display will go clear and after a few seconds , it will show zero again.input the tax percentage that you want to store . ( for example , if you want to set a tax rate of 8 % , just press the [ 8 ] key ) .next , press the [ tax+ ] key.done ! the 8 % tax rate is stored.to apply the tax to a value you just enter a value and press the [ tax+ ] key or during a calculation stack , if you want to apply the tax rate to a sum , after pressing the [ * ] key , you press the [ tax+ ] key and you´ll have the calculation sum with tax rate applied.if yo want to know the price without taxes , use the [ tax- ] key.you can also calculate the value of the applied tax using the following procedure : input your original value ( or sum the calculation with the [ * ] key ) .press [ tax- ] keypress [ - ] keypress [ * ] the result will be the isolated tax value applied over the original value.hope could be useful for somebody ... regards to set a tax percent rate , first , turn the calculator off and then turn it on.press and hold the [ % ] key . the display will go clear and after a few seconds , it will show zero again.input the tax percentage that you want to store . ( for example , if you want to set a tax rate of 8 % , just press the [ 8 ] key ) .next , press the [ tax+ ] key.done ! the 8 % tax rate is stored.to apply the tax to a value you just enter a value and press the [ tax+ ] key or during a calculation stack , if you want to apply the tax rate to a sum , after pressing the [ * ] key , you press the [ tax+ ] key and ... » read more to set a tax percent rate , first , turn the calculator off and then turn it on.press and hold the [ % ] key . the display will go clear and after a few seconds , it will show zero again.input the tax percentage that you want to store . ( for example , if you want to set a tax rate of 8 % , just press the [ 8 ] key ) .next , press the [ tax+ ] key.done ! the 8 % tax rate is stored.to apply the tax to a value you just enter a value and press the [ tax+ ] key or during a calculation stack , if you want to apply the tax rate to a sum , after pressing the [ * ] key , you press the [ tax+ ] key and you´ll have the calculation sum with tax rate applied.if yo want to know the price without taxes , use the [ tax- ] key.you can also calculate the value of the applied tax using the following procedure : input your original value ( or sum the calculation with the [ * ] key ) .press [ tax- ] keypress [ - ] keypress [ * ] the result will be the isolated tax value applied over the original value.hope could be useful for somebody ... regards « show less
ummmmm , we have never encountered that . one thought , are you operating on batteries or on line current from the wall ? if batteries , they could be low and giving you an `` error '' message . otherwise , recommend contacting casio tech support right away . they are responsive and very good . hope this helps .
the it button shows the number of items you entered . push the it button a second time and it will show you the average of all of your numbers . the ca button clears all entries . if you want to mark an item up , key in the number and press plus , hit the mu button then a number and the % sign followed by the plus or minus sign depending on whether you want to mark an item up or down . the g* button will give you a grand total . hope this helps .
i knew how to do this because i had a previous calculator of the same model . put the paper on the wire support , with the paper rolling from the bottom . fold a small end of the roll of paper , perhaps a half inch , and feed it into the slot below the roll . with the power on press feed , trying to gently urge the paper into the slot . after a few tries , probably , it will `` catch '' and start rolling up through the printer roll . let me know if this works . excellent calculator , ridiculous , difficult process .
mary , my wife uses this and loves it . we still have the original ink cartridge , but she understand replacements are available at an office supply store like staples or office max , but you need to be sure that you have the model number with you as there are several cartridges for various casio machines .
if you put your cost in , click on cost , then enter your sell price , click on sell , then click on the margin key , you get your % margin on that item . for example , cost of $ 12 , sell of $ 36 nets a 66.67 % margin .
with my ip4200 , which has the same cartridges , i found it was more economical to purchase a new printer at $ 65 than buy the 5 canon replacement cartridges ( lowest price about $ 75 delivered ) . the 4200 is no longer available so i will wait for the price of the ip4300 to dip below $ 75 and do the same thing . you pay the same for the ink and get a new printer for free .
yes , it can do both . nicely .
the ip4300 is similar in every aspect to the ip4200 , just a little smarter in appearance , i have the ip4300 now and love it , and did own the ip4200 , both printers have two paper feeds , one on top at rear , the second in the cassette tray at front bottom of printer , as far as manual feeds , i would have to say no for either printer , so i do n't know what you exactly mean when you say 'like the ip4200 '
the ip4300 uses the exact same ink carts . as the ip4200 and ip5200 so replacements are a non issue .
the feature is not included on us models . however , if you can get your hands on one of the printing trays ( ebay , etc.. ) you can download the european drivers and print to cd dvd ( s ) .
i 'm not sure..it 's been a while since i owned that printer ... this should be something that could be found on the canon web page ... .
yes . it comes with and requires two aaa batteries .
it 's the standard color , red .
i have n't used keynote , but this does work with prezi . if i remember correctly , when you go to the full screen presentation mode in prezi , it will advance just like powerpoint does .
honestly , that is where this pointer comes up a little short . it 's functionality for things other than slide advance and pointing is sketchy . the intention is there , but depending on how often you are going to use it you might be disappointed . i use it for irregular presentations , but my partner upgraded because he presents elaborate powerpoints for a living .
unknown . thus far , i have had no frequency conflicts .
yes , but in my case , 2 failed to work in a row ...
i honestly think that they are programmed to self destruct after that period of time . mine did the same thing . i tossed it . after starting with a $ 50 model from best buy which fell apart , then moving to this model which was a little more affordable but self-destructed , i eventually move to a $ 14 model that i have been using for the last year with no problems !
i know in windows xp you can choose print > preferences > greyscale .
when i used generic cartridges , sometimes the printer accepted it and sometimes it would not . so here 's what i did : i saved all the original canon ink cartridges that came with the new printer and then purchased a 2nd set of canon cartridges ( at a discount on ebay ) . when the originals were getting low on ink i then installed the 2nd set . i then `` refilled '' the first set with bulk ink from printerfillingstation.com . it 's a christian business that sells superior bulk ink at a discount for your particular model . when the 2nd set started to get low , i replaced it with the `` refilled '' cartridges . this worked because all the cartridges have the original canon `` chips '' on them and you always have refilled cartridges on hand . the only thing you `` must '' do is monitor your installed cartridges every couple of months , so that ink does not completely run out . this is easily done because the cartridges are in clear plastic . refilling the cartridges is also a learning process , so be patient , follow the instructions carefully . the rewards are worth it as i am now on the 3rd refills from the same sets of cartridges and my printer is working just fine . when i used generic cartridges , sometimes the printer accepted it and sometimes it would not . so here 's what i did : i saved all the original canon ink cartridges that came with the new printer and then purchased a 2nd set of canon cartridges ( at a discount on ebay ) . when the originals were getting low on ink i then installed the 2nd set . i then `` refilled '' the first set with bulk ink from printerfillingstation.com . it 's a christian business that sells superior bulk ink at a discount for your particular model . when the 2nd set started to get low , i replaced it with the ... » read more when i used generic cartridges , sometimes the printer accepted it and sometimes it would not . so here 's what i did : i saved all the original canon ink cartridges that came with the new printer and then purchased a 2nd set of canon cartridges ( at a discount on ebay ) . when the originals were getting low on ink i then installed the 2nd set . i then `` refilled '' the first set with bulk ink from printerfillingstation.com . it 's a christian business that sells superior bulk ink at a discount for your particular model . when the 2nd set started to get low , i replaced it with the `` refilled '' cartridges . this worked because all the cartridges have the original canon `` chips '' on them and you always have refilled cartridges on hand . the only thing you `` must '' do is monitor your installed cartridges every couple of months , so that ink does not completely run out . this is easily done because the cartridges are in clear plastic . refilling the cartridges is also a learning process , so be patient , follow the instructions carefully . the rewards are worth it as i am now on the 3rd refills from the same sets of cartridges and my printer is working just fine . « show less
no , i have had this printer a few months and no problems . printed around 100 4x6 's so far .
the small black cartridge is dye based -- for photos . the large black cartridge is pigment based -- -for documents . as long as you are just printing photos , only the cli-5 will be used .
i have the canon pixma mp800r , basically this model without the scroll wheel , but with the negative slide scanner . you are right , it 's a bit bulky , but since it 's wireless , you can stick this in a closet and forget about it . sometimes cnet reviews are a bit off - i find their customer reviews are more accurate than the editor reviews across the board ( that goes for everything from computers to mobile phones ) . i 've had my pixma about six months . i chose this model primarily because of the neg slide scanner and i 'm glad i did . the photo quality is excellent . are you really going to notice the 1-2 second difference in printing a photo - when , you would n't be able to print that negative photo in the first place with the mp600 ? i was a super loyal epson user for 10 years , but they just did n't come close to offering anything similar . i am on a mac and could n't figure out how to network my two computers ( macbook , imac g3 ) to the printer initially ( the directions were a bit confusing at that point for the macs , because of the new intel models , etc. , but customer service picked up right away , and within five minutes i had the whole thing set-up . it was so easy , i expected cs to keep on going with a whole slew of instructions , but that really was it . the range is great ( one end of the house to the other ) , the features are great , my only problem is that it does n't have an auto-sheet feeder . a huge minus for me . weighing that against the features it does have , i would have bought the same model again . still , i am jealous about that scroll wheel ! btw , the mp800r is not offered at amazon , which means perhaps it 's being discontinued or redone . this might be a good time to see what deals you can get on it ! i have the canon pixma mp800r , basically this model without the scroll wheel , but with the negative slide scanner . you are right , it 's a bit bulky , but since it 's wireless , you can stick this in a closet and forget about it . sometimes cnet reviews are a bit off - i find their customer reviews are more accurate than the editor reviews across the board ( that goes for everything from computers to mobile phones ) . i 've had my pixma about six months . i chose this model primarily because of the neg slide scanner and i 'm glad i did . the photo quality is excellent . are you really going to notice the ... » read more i have the canon pixma mp800r , basically this model without the scroll wheel , but with the negative slide scanner . you are right , it 's a bit bulky , but since it 's wireless , you can stick this in a closet and forget about it . sometimes cnet reviews are a bit off - i find their customer reviews are more accurate than the editor reviews across the board ( that goes for everything from computers to mobile phones ) . i 've had my pixma about six months . i chose this model primarily because of the neg slide scanner and i 'm glad i did . the photo quality is excellent . are you really going to notice the 1-2 second difference in printing a photo - when , you would n't be able to print that negative photo in the first place with the mp600 ? i was a super loyal epson user for 10 years , but they just did n't come close to offering anything similar . i am on a mac and could n't figure out how to network my two computers ( macbook , imac g3 ) to the printer initially ( the directions were a bit confusing at that point for the macs , because of the new intel models , etc. , but customer service picked up right away , and within five minutes i had the whole thing set-up . it was so easy , i expected cs to keep on going with a whole slew of instructions , but that really was it . the range is great ( one end of the house to the other ) , the features are great , my only problem is that it does n't have an auto-sheet feeder . a huge minus for me . weighing that against the features it does have , i would have bought the same model again . still , i am jealous about that scroll wheel ! btw , the mp800r is not offered at amazon , which means perhaps it 's being discontinued or redone . this might be a good time to see what deals you can get on it ! « show less
consumer reports says that it costs 35 cents to print a 4 x 6 , and $ 1.00 for an 8 x 10 on this printer , and 4 cents per page for text . so you can figure how much the ink tanks cost , and get a good idea of how long they 'll last .
there 's a third party cd printing tray you can buy on amazon for the mp600 -- and it comes with instructions on how to access the service menu to make the mp600 `` european '' and able to print directly on cd 's using the ray .
i 've got a canon ip4300 which uses the same cartridges as the mp600 . when i replaced my ink with generic cartridges ( and moved the chip to the generic ) , i had to hold down the reset button for 5-10 seconds which tells the printer to ignore the error . on the pc , it shows an empty cartridge with an `` x '' above it , but it prints fine . i would imagine it would work with an empty cartridge in the same manner .
hi judy.i have used the canon pixma ip3000 on several macs . one was a g3 ibook . one was a g4 emac . currently i use it with my new imac intel duocore . never had a problem . i did have some problems matching up color in photoshop but that is all . with my new imac , i did n't even have to install the software ! i just plugged the printer into my apple wireless thingie ( sorry forget name of it ) and my computer recognized it ! it does n't give me detailed ink info , etc , though but i know it will once i install the software . btw , i am one os below leopard , tiger i think . good luck !
all i ever printed were cd labels , photos and documents . this is a simple inject printer . i have not owned this printer for more that three years . i would not try anything metal .
my printer was provided with a power cord . however , it is 110 voltage so any cord thatwil fit into the recepticle would probably work since it is unlikely the printer pulls a lot of amps .
i have re-filled the black twice , that is what we use the most ... .the colors you should have enough ink to re-fill 3-4 times
i do n't know . i used it in an officejet 850 printheads only and it seemed fine .
yes it should , you will have to google to find out where your re-fill holes are .
according to instrs for `` jettec inkjet refills '' canon has 29 different cartridges . i would have to know the reference letters and numbers of a specific cartridge to get you instrs.. as for samsung `` ink m40 '' instructions say ... .. 10 using the drill provided make three holes at the positions marked . note : this cartridge contains three separate chambers , and must have an equal amount of ink injected in each . 2 ) assemble the syringe and needle , pierce the bottle seal and draw up some ink . 3 ) insert the needle down into the foam . 4 ) slowly inject the ink . when the ink rises and is visible at the fill hole slightly draw back the syringe plunger until the ink disappears . repeat this process to all three chambers . 5 ) a small amount of ink may drip from the printhead , wipe this away with some paper towel until the printhead stops dripping . 6 ) install the cartridge back into the printer and operate the printer cleaning cycle . 7 ) your cartridge is now ready for use . 8 ) clean the syringe and needle thoroughly with water for future use . according to instrs for `` jettec inkjet refills '' canon has 29 different cartridges . i would have to know the reference letters and numbers of a specific cartridge to get you instrs.. as for samsung `` ink m40 '' instructions say ... .. 10 using the drill provided make three holes at the positions marked . note : this cartridge contains three separate chambers , and must have an equal amount of ink injected in each . 2 ) assemble the syringe and needle , pierce the bottle seal and draw up some ink . 3 ) insert the needle down into the foam . 4 ) slowly inject the ink . when the ink rises ... » read more according to instrs for `` jettec inkjet refills '' canon has 29 different cartridges . i would have to know the reference letters and numbers of a specific cartridge to get you instrs.. as for samsung `` ink m40 '' instructions say ... .. 10 using the drill provided make three holes at the positions marked . note : this cartridge contains three separate chambers , and must have an equal amount of ink injected in each . 2 ) assemble the syringe and needle , pierce the bottle seal and draw up some ink . 3 ) insert the needle down into the foam . 4 ) slowly inject the ink . when the ink rises and is visible at the fill hole slightly draw back the syringe plunger until the ink disappears . repeat this process to all three chambers . 5 ) a small amount of ink may drip from the printhead , wipe this away with some paper towel until the printhead stops dripping . 6 ) install the cartridge back into the printer and operate the printer cleaning cycle . 7 ) your cartridge is now ready for use . 8 ) clean the syringe and needle thoroughly with water for future use . « show less
go to the web site for freshinkjets.com . enter ink refill kits . the kits displayed will list the compatible printer series .
use the provided nidle . you should go to utube first and watch a demonstration
yes ! its bottles of ink thst come with syringes for filling your cartridge . if your color cartridge is a three in one like mine is , just google the number and it will give you a picture . hint hint ... .. do n't let your cartridge dry out ... . it will last a long time if you keep it with ink
honestly i do not know about your 6525 printer . i can say that i did buy separate cartridges in addition to the ones that came with my 6500 printer . the after market cartridges i got have a pin hole on top under the sticker which allows me to use the refill inks with the syringes that come with it . it 's taken some practice but , the quality of the inks i got are perfect for our needs . besides saving us a lot of money . i hope this message helps but , you might have to contact hp or pick the ear of someone at staples or office max ...
yes
large exponents ? exponentiation or high scientific notation sounds like something for a scientific calculator , not a finance one . that question does n't sound relevant to a financial calculator .
yes it does .
yes it does come with a manual , if bought new from retailer , works great ... use it all the time
the only time this ever happened to me , i changed the tape cartridge . be sure the paper cartridge is kept in a cool , dry area before you load it ... i suspect high humidity may reduce the paper adherence to the ink .
it should have a slit down the middle on the back and just bend it a couple of times and remove
the label maker comes with labels however , it is advisable buying extras ( separately ) .
the letra tag does not use ink , this is a thermal printing system . my advice would be to first replace the batteries with brand new fresh ones , then try a test label . if this does n't help i 'd call dymo help line for proper cleaning instructions . i hope this information will help you .
the tape is only 1 2 '' wide . different size fonts are available on the dymo gun , but are limited by the size of the tape . it is a very handy device for labeling small things like wiring , plugs or memory sticks , but u can not stencil , say , an office door or a road sign . not sure what u want , but i love mine .
no , this model only has alphabet and number characters plus a couple symbols .
there should be a number lock key just above the letter e .
it 's prob an old roll of tape . i 've never had that problem . just return that tape and buy another pack .
i have had no problems removing the labels from any surfaces , except paper .
the box i received included colors like red , silver gray , blue , black , purple , and green . i think there were 2 of each color .
definitely worth the buy at this price !
yes
yes it is your basic lead pencil .7mm lead and i would think a regular eraser for lead pencils would work .
yes
yes it does . it comes with a starter toner cartridge that is good for 1,100 copies or so . i purchased this copier january 2011 and have not changed the starter toner cartridge yet . i copy approximately 40-50 items per month or less . normally , i would have purchased an extra toner cartridge when i made the purchase , but i decided to wait and see . now i am very happy that i did not get the extra one , because i saved money . but , real soon i will purchase a new toner cartridge because i am having to move the `` lever '' higher to get darker copies , which means that ink is getting low and or running out . before i put the new cartridge in , i will shake up the starter and put it back in . it will still have some ink left in it . i will have the new toner so that there will be no chance of me running out of ink . you know murphy 's law . i just love this copier ! hope this answer helps you and others . yes it does . it comes with a starter toner cartridge that is good for 1,100 copies or so . i purchased this copier january 2011 and have not changed the starter toner cartridge yet . i copy approximately 40-50 items per month or less . normally , i would have purchased an extra toner cartridge when i made the purchase , but i decided to wait and see . now i am very happy that i did not get the extra one , because i saved money . but , real soon i will purchase a new toner cartridge because i am having to move the `` lever '' higher to get darker copies , which means that ink is getting low ... » read more yes it does . it comes with a starter toner cartridge that is good for 1,100 copies or so . i purchased this copier january 2011 and have not changed the starter toner cartridge yet . i copy approximately 40-50 items per month or less . normally , i would have purchased an extra toner cartridge when i made the purchase , but i decided to wait and see . now i am very happy that i did not get the extra one , because i saved money . but , real soon i will purchase a new toner cartridge because i am having to move the `` lever '' higher to get darker copies , which means that ink is getting low and or running out . before i put the new cartridge in , i will shake up the starter and put it back in . it will still have some ink left in it . i will have the new toner so that there will be no chance of me running out of ink . you know murphy 's law . i just love this copier ! hope this answer helps you and others . « show less
it is about 32 '' wide when the trays are open .
does n't need a computer . copies only in black & white . do n't know about the replacement cartridge .
no . the unit runs on 110v . it 's an excellent machine !
e20 , which is included in the purchase of the copier .
slide the carrier back until the under latch shows to pull up , and then pull out the toner cartridge and replace with new .
if you have the manual follow the procedure . if not google cannon pc 170 personal copier manual . it is not hard to do , just difficult to explain in this message . good luck
only a specific cartridge will work in the pc-150 copier . no substitutes will do as they will not fit into the machine .
basic copier . does not enlarge .
hello , db ... the canon pc170 is just a stand-alone ... there is no usb or other connection and it is not wi-fi , either . this model is simply a copier with one plug into an outlet ! very old-fashioned , but ok for its simple purpose . i previously owned a pc 120 and just bought a 170 as the other one wore out . i use it for b &w; copies only , and to transfer my b &w; sketches to printmaking blocks for eventual carving , using acetone . probably much more than you wanted to know !
the tagboard is matte on both sides and has a feel of a thick stock of paper ; a bit thicker than resume paper . there are also no bar code stickers on any of the boards . we use them for sign making at road races and sporting events and they work great . they are porous , but thick enough so that marker does n't bleed through to the table table cloth ; but we do use table cloth covers just in case .
it is not . i would say it is about half that thickness .
hi , i 'll be honest , i think it 's too thin . in my opinion this is more like the weight of card stock . i had bought it thinking it was going to be a bit heavier . i envision tagboard as being weightier than this .
all i have ordered have been . i always make sure they say flair . that is the key word for me .
yes ... .my daughter uses them for project 's at school..
quite a long time .
i have used them in an erin condren teacher planner and have not had any problem ! they are fantastic !
yes , you can take notes with them . however , it may take some practice to write quickly with them if you have not used them before .
markers
i would say for some things where colored pens are needed .
no
i have printed postage on the envelopes using a neopost postage machine and had no problems . the postmark came out crisp , clear and did not smudge . i can not recall if i ever printed the address using my hp printer . since the ink from postage was fine , i would bet that the hp printer would do just fine .
yes ! they are just a little stiffer than normal envelopes , but are the same size and require the same postage as regular no . 10 envelopes .
they have the recycled mark on them . the paper is very nice quality and they arrived quickly . i had a few come open in the mail but i 'm not sure if that was my fault for not sealing properly or the adhesive was defective . i mailed out hundreds of envelopes , so it 's hard to say .
the box states 50 50 and they are made in mexico . our company is happy with the quality and look , just wish they were 100 % post consumer and made in america !
the `` actual '' size of the badge is 4 3 8 '' ... but since the holes are in the top , there 's only 3 3 8 '' for the badge to be inserted.so ; whatever you putin the badge ... will have to be no more than 3 3 8 '' .
we have had that issue with id cards printed using ink jet printers ... no problems at all when we used laser printed cards or the thermal plastic cards .
hi fran ! i did find item number avt75450 to be a horizontal badge holder.advantus proximity badge holder , horizontal , 3-3 8 x 2-3 8 '' insert size , clear , pack of 50 ( 75450 ) aistebisonoffice
i think so ! i use them for name badges - i know at least 5 would fit ...
yes , those would fit , & would be removable . maybe not as smoothly as removing a card from a wallet repeatedly but easily removable .
the badge opening and the holes are all on the top .
the actual heighth of the badge is 4 3 8 '' ... .but that includes the holes in the top . if you want to put a hook thru the hole ( s ) ..you need to go shorted on the actual badge . for the badge to fit inside the holder - it needs to be shorter than 3 7 8 '' tall high - this way it wo n't cover the holes .
my sole purpose for this product is to hold my id card . from my own experience avery badge inserts are somewhat oversized . this product will fit a standard size id or credit card with very little moving room .
i 'll bet it is ... it has a very smooth surface .
they do not have an odor that i can detect .
you can use on glass , i would say that the way a marker wipes off is highly dependent on which type of eraser you use . if you use a microfiber cloth , it will most likely wipe off very well . i 'd suggest testing this in a small area with a dry erase marker you have laying around .
yes ... there are several colors to choose from . of course , the lighter colored pens do n't show up on a white board that well but it gives me the colors that i wanted .
yes . i use these at the hospital i work at . we have dry erase boards in the patient 's rooms . they are bright colors and erase easily .
students use them in classrooms . maybe not for very young children , but prob elementary and older .
no . the back is closed .
i use an ergonomic keyboard and it will not fit underneath the drawer .
13 '' acros the front x 9 '' x 1.5 '' deep
james , the dimensions below the drawer are 10 '' deep by 13.5 '' wide
my recollection is yes , it did come assembled .
i do n't think a wood product would be a good idea under something that radiates so much heat . at the very least that repeated high heat would at the very least shrink and warp the wood .
hi , the dividers in this are very short , just enough to create a fee separators at the front - a small square perfect for post-it notes and a longer section for pens pencils . the back part is not divided and fits 5x7 notebooks or similar . the dividers are not removable .
there are two studs that hold the drawer in place . even if you could get the studs out , the base does not go all the way back so it would not support a laptop
yes , see other multiple answers posted here for lots of exact measurements .
yes they are !
i am not sure if they stain or not but i will try to test them on a piece of t-shirt that i use as a rag and leave it overnight and wash it in the morning and get back to you . i 'll do my very best to remember . seeing you got one yes and one no . but are you aware that these markers are for a dry erase board not paper ? also , i kno that crayola makes washable markers . i 'm sure they have them for sale on amazon . i 'd check those first . hope that helps .
yes , i use them for my monthly calendar so whatever i 've written is up there a while . it usually comes right off , but i occasionally have to use a little windex ( the green one is stubborn sometimes . ) that always does the trick .
yes . i print double sided on this paper quite often using a sharp laser printer . it prints beautifully .
this paper is awesome . i have had no problems at all with blurry images etc ! and the price was excellent .
yes and it is more brilliant and smoother , copic markers work so well om this paper , little to no bleeding
i 'm not familiar with the paper you refer to , so ca n't answer your question . however , i can tell you that this is very smooth , high quality paper and is heavier that card stock . it is appropriate weight for a pamphlet cover . hope that helps .
no
i have an ink jet printer and it prints very well on it .
no
yes , it can . however , there are many other printers that can do that as well . this is the absolute worst printer that i had ever owned .
i do n't remember what ink the printer uses , but if you have n't purchased the printer yet , do n't . i got one of these printers as a replacement for an earlier canon . it is the worst printer ever . you ca n't pour ink down the drain faster than this printer uses it . nothing but printing problems .
no , the ink is not glossy .
yes . i found a little rolling television cart at target for $ 29 that is absolutely perfect . the printer sits on top and fits like a glove and the bottom shelf is great for storing paper .
it worked only a short time . i then had problems and gave it to someone who was mechanically better and she could not get it to work so she gave it back and i gave it away . i was very disappointed . never had the opportunity to print much .
i made the mistake of using compatible ink in my s9000 and it started printing everything in pink.when i went to frye 's to buy a new scanner ( did i mention that my old scanner died around the same time that the s9000 started printing in pink ? ) , i found the pro 9000. my portfolio was due for school last thursday , and the thought of taking all my stuff to a print shop and paying $ 10 sq ft was enough to put me into a panic . when figuring in the cost of print shop printing , the pro 9000 became affordable . i also got fry 's additional warranty which allows me to bring the printer back for service replacement in the case that it breaks or stops working properly.i 've printed all of my portfolio pages , and they look great . even the ones that i printed on canson smooth bristol paper ( it had some streaking , but that 's what i get for not using the proper paper ; it was sufficient for my immediate need ) . printing on matte photo paper was spectacular ! why upgrade if you 're not in a portfolio pinch ? the s9000 had nice output , but the pro9000 is pretty spectacular . also , you can print up to 14x17 paper , not that canon advertises this , but i 've been doing it . the printer also closes up when it 's not in use so there is no paper feed to allow dust and other miscellaneous crud to fall into the printer when it 's not in use.i would only use the oem printer cartridges with this printer . i 've obviously had some bad luck using compatible replacement cartridges . yes , they cost less , but i 'm convinced that 's why the s9000 only prints in shades of pink now . i made the mistake of using compatible ink in my s9000 and it started printing everything in pink.when i went to frye 's to buy a new scanner ( did i mention that my old scanner died around the same time that the s9000 started printing in pink ? ) , i found the pro 9000. my portfolio was due for school last thursday , and the thought of taking all my stuff to a print shop and paying $ 10 sq ft was enough to put me into a panic . when figuring in the cost of print shop printing , the pro 9000 became affordable . i also got fry 's additional warranty which allows me to bring the printer back ... » read more i made the mistake of using compatible ink in my s9000 and it started printing everything in pink.when i went to frye 's to buy a new scanner ( did i mention that my old scanner died around the same time that the s9000 started printing in pink ? ) , i found the pro 9000. my portfolio was due for school last thursday , and the thought of taking all my stuff to a print shop and paying $ 10 sq ft was enough to put me into a panic . when figuring in the cost of print shop printing , the pro 9000 became affordable . i also got fry 's additional warranty which allows me to bring the printer back for service replacement in the case that it breaks or stops working properly.i 've printed all of my portfolio pages , and they look great . even the ones that i printed on canson smooth bristol paper ( it had some streaking , but that 's what i get for not using the proper paper ; it was sufficient for my immediate need ) . printing on matte photo paper was spectacular ! why upgrade if you 're not in a portfolio pinch ? the s9000 had nice output , but the pro9000 is pretty spectacular . also , you can print up to 14x17 paper , not that canon advertises this , but i 've been doing it . the printer also closes up when it 's not in use so there is no paper feed to allow dust and other miscellaneous crud to fall into the printer when it 's not in use.i would only use the oem printer cartridges with this printer . i 've obviously had some bad luck using compatible replacement cartridges . yes , they cost less , but i 'm convinced that 's why the s9000 only prints in shades of pink now . « show less
i 've had my pro9000 for about 6 months now , and overall i am impressed with its functionality . i 've had the opportunity to try a variety of media from different companies , and do some experimenting and i 'd thought i 'd write my experiences thus far both for you and the community.generally speaking , i have had great success with most media i have tried . one item to note , though , is i 've had the least success with kodak papers -- my pictures tend to come out overly yellow . i 'm able to compensate using the printer 's fine tuning controls . ( i 'll be sending some documents to cathy shortly , as i really like the way kodak papers handle -- they have a weight to them that is nice to hold ) . and one other paper that is sometimes problematic for me is one of canon 's own , the photo paper plus glossy . it 's hard to qualify what exactly happens with the prints -- sometimes they are noticeably off on one color , sometimes they are fine , and other times they just seem `` wrong '' . but , it is a reasonably priced paper , so i do n't mind wasting some extra prints getting it right.i tend to favor semi-gloss myself , but often experiment to find the best paper for each shot -- it 's become something of a hobby of mine . the other posters of this board have made great suggestions for papers to try . i also highly recommend the canon photo paper pro -- the prints are virtually indistinguishable from professional lab prints . regarding your question , and as i 'm sure you will soon find out , there is not a necessarily `` best '' paper -- you have higher and lower quality , and then textures that will affect the look and feel of the picture . you bought the $ 500 beast , go play with it ; - ) . experimentation has been my best instructor.as for further information regarding icc profiles , just do some googling and you should find a decent guide -- i 'll post a link if i remember one of the ones i read . in a nutshell , the icc profiles are what tell your printer to `` use this much ink , and in this color combination , because we are printing on this type of paper . '' otherwise , your photo software will let your operating system decide which profile to use . the results can be significantly different.although the pro9000 can do excellent looking b &w; prints , you 'll need to remember to use the grayscale mode to get them without a hint of color . however , these print rather slowly as the printer must use the black ink only . if you find yourself doing a lot of b &w; , you 'll want to consider upgrading to the pro9500 or another similar printer that has the two shades of black.i personally love the rag finish papers , but am somewhat particular about what kind of pic i use it on . the various paper textures will significantly change the look and moreso , the feel of the pic . as i said though , since you are looking for professional appearance , i would suggest going with the pro photo paper -- it is distinctively heavier paper with a high gloss finish . i 've had friends comment on how good the paper looked and felt.one final suggestion : when trying papers i 've found that if i buy a smaller , less expensive size of the paper i want to experiment with , i am able to drastically reduce my ink consumption -- and let 's face it , if you 're printing from photoshop and managing color by application , all it takes is one mis-click , or forgetting one item selection to produce a flawed pic . so when i do buy my 13x19 papers , i also pick up a pack or two of the 4x6 . this way i am able to get an idea of what the pic is going to look like before i spend the time and money on the larger print size.i hope these thoughts and suggestions help . i know i have found a hobby for life , and i wish you the same joy i have found from printing my own pics . i 've had my pro9000 for about 6 months now , and overall i am impressed with its functionality . i 've had the opportunity to try a variety of media from different companies , and do some experimenting and i 'd thought i 'd write my experiences thus far both for you and the community.generally speaking , i have had great success with most media i have tried . one item to note , though , is i 've had the least success with kodak papers -- my pictures tend to come out overly yellow . i 'm able to compensate using the printer 's fine tuning controls . ( i 'll be sending some documents to cathy ... » read more i 've had my pro9000 for about 6 months now , and overall i am impressed with its functionality . i 've had the opportunity to try a variety of media from different companies , and do some experimenting and i 'd thought i 'd write my experiences thus far both for you and the community.generally speaking , i have had great success with most media i have tried . one item to note , though , is i 've had the least success with kodak papers -- my pictures tend to come out overly yellow . i 'm able to compensate using the printer 's fine tuning controls . ( i 'll be sending some documents to cathy shortly , as i really like the way kodak papers handle -- they have a weight to them that is nice to hold ) . and one other paper that is sometimes problematic for me is one of canon 's own , the photo paper plus glossy . it 's hard to qualify what exactly happens with the prints -- sometimes they are noticeably off on one color , sometimes they are fine , and other times they just seem `` wrong '' . but , it is a reasonably priced paper , so i do n't mind wasting some extra prints getting it right.i tend to favor semi-gloss myself , but often experiment to find the best paper for each shot -- it 's become something of a hobby of mine . the other posters of this board have made great suggestions for papers to try . i also highly recommend the canon photo paper pro -- the prints are virtually indistinguishable from professional lab prints . regarding your question , and as i 'm sure you will soon find out , there is not a necessarily `` best '' paper -- you have higher and lower quality , and then textures that will affect the look and feel of the picture . you bought the $ 500 beast , go play with it ; - ) . experimentation has been my best instructor.as for further information regarding icc profiles , just do some googling and you should find a decent guide -- i 'll post a link if i remember one of the ones i read . in a nutshell , the icc profiles are what tell your printer to `` use this much ink , and in this color combination , because we are printing on this type of paper . '' otherwise , your photo software will let your operating system decide which profile to use . the results can be significantly different.although the pro9000 can do excellent looking b &w; prints , you 'll need to remember to use the grayscale mode to get them without a hint of color . however , these print rather slowly as the printer must use the black ink only . if you find yourself doing a lot of b &w; , you 'll want to consider upgrading to the pro9500 or another similar printer that has the two shades of black.i personally love the rag finish papers , but am somewhat particular about what kind of pic i use it on . the various paper textures will significantly change the look and moreso , the feel of the pic . as i said though , since you are looking for professional appearance , i would suggest going with the pro photo paper -- it is distinctively heavier paper with a high gloss finish . i 've had friends comment on how good the paper looked and felt.one final suggestion : when trying papers i 've found that if i buy a smaller , less expensive size of the paper i want to experiment with , i am able to drastically reduce my ink consumption -- and let 's face it , if you 're printing from photoshop and managing color by application , all it takes is one mis-click , or forgetting one item selection to produce a flawed pic . so when i do buy my 13x19 papers , i also pick up a pack or two of the 4x6 . this way i am able to get an idea of what the pic is going to look like before i spend the time and money on the larger print size.i hope these thoughts and suggestions help . i know i have found a hobby for life , and i wish you the same joy i have found from printing my own pics . « show less
well being in the same boat as you . i have found out a couple of things about each of the printers . i own an older epson , so most of the problems i have had have been ink ( drying clogging ) issues . so from the reviews that is still a problem with newer epson , however if you print more than one picture a month it is probably not a problem . the canon ( again reading the reviews ) seems to be very good , but has some quality issues ( may break within a couple of weeks ) . that being said , i would still go with the canon , only i would buy it from best buy with their electronics agreement ( repair or replace with new ) . the canon and epson warranties will also repair or replace with a refurbished unit . my 2 pennies . of course the best buy thing would work for the epson as well . well being in the same boat as you . i have found out a couple of things about each of the printers . i own an older epson , so most of the problems i have had have been ink ( drying clogging ) issues . so from the reviews that is still a problem with newer epson , however if you print more than one picture a month it is probably not a problem . the canon ( again reading the reviews ) seems to be very good , but has some quality issues ( may break within a couple of weeks ) . that being said , i would still go with the canon , only i would buy it from best buy with their electronics agreement ( repair or ... » read more well being in the same boat as you . i have found out a couple of things about each of the printers . i own an older epson , so most of the problems i have had have been ink ( drying clogging ) issues . so from the reviews that is still a problem with newer epson , however if you print more than one picture a month it is probably not a problem . the canon ( again reading the reviews ) seems to be very good , but has some quality issues ( may break within a couple of weeks ) . that being said , i would still go with the canon , only i would buy it from best buy with their electronics agreement ( repair or replace with new ) . the canon and epson warranties will also repair or replace with a refurbished unit . my 2 pennies . of course the best buy thing would work for the epson as well . « show less
at the canon website under the 4150 supplies heading , the toner cartridge lists for $ 70 and is good for 2000 pages . so that is on the order of 3.5 cents page . much better than the inkjets i looked at this week that seem to run 5-8 cents page . not as good as my old hp 4000 laser printer that runs about 1.6 cents per page .
hi ! it does work with a mac . you just have to go to the canon website , and from there you can download all of the mac drivers and a whole mac manual comes with it on the website . i just installed it on my ibook and it works great !
4150 has no network-ready ethernet port on the back , so it ca n't be connected to a home or office network for printing from various pcs . however , 4270 and 4690 each has an ethernet port in the back , and you can connect the printer to a router . any computers connected to the router can then access the printer and issue a print command . i think 4150 can be part of a network using the share folder in `` my computer . '' this means that you 're sharing the printer through the computer that 's hooked up to the printer . to print , the hooked-up computer must be turned on for other computers to access it . print commands can then be relayed via the hooked-up computer to the printer.otherwise , buy a print server for 4150. silex c-6700wg print server would work.basically the 4150 is the basic unit . 4270 and 4690 do everything 4150 does and additionally : 4270 is network , and the 4690 is network w smb ( small message box ) and ifax.however , neither the 4270 nor the 4670 has network *scanning* ( they both can do network printing and fax , but not scanning ) . however , the 4690 has additional scan to features : scan directly to email , usb memory stick , and file server . in my opinions , i feel that these features are to compensate for the fact that 4690 does n't have network scanning and are unnecessary if 4270 and 4690 have network scannning . but if you use the print server silex c-6700wg ( the axis 1650 does not have the fax feature for the 4150 ) with the mf4150 , then this combination would afford you all the 4150 printer 's capabilities on the network : network printing , faxing , and *also scanning* . i had verified with the canon tech support about this . 4150 has no network-ready ethernet port on the back , so it ca n't be connected to a home or office network for printing from various pcs . however , 4270 and 4690 each has an ethernet port in the back , and you can connect the printer to a router . any computers connected to the router can then access the printer and issue a print command . i think 4150 can be part of a network using the share folder in `` my computer . '' this means that you 're sharing the printer through the computer that 's hooked up to the printer . to print , the hooked-up computer must be turned on for other ... » read more 4150 has no network-ready ethernet port on the back , so it ca n't be connected to a home or office network for printing from various pcs . however , 4270 and 4690 each has an ethernet port in the back , and you can connect the printer to a router . any computers connected to the router can then access the printer and issue a print command . i think 4150 can be part of a network using the share folder in `` my computer . '' this means that you 're sharing the printer through the computer that 's hooked up to the printer . to print , the hooked-up computer must be turned on for other computers to access it . print commands can then be relayed via the hooked-up computer to the printer.otherwise , buy a print server for 4150. silex c-6700wg print server would work.basically the 4150 is the basic unit . 4270 and 4690 do everything 4150 does and additionally : 4270 is network , and the 4690 is network w smb ( small message box ) and ifax.however , neither the 4270 nor the 4670 has network *scanning* ( they both can do network printing and fax , but not scanning ) . however , the 4690 has additional scan to features : scan directly to email , usb memory stick , and file server . in my opinions , i feel that these features are to compensate for the fact that 4690 does n't have network scanning and are unnecessary if 4270 and 4690 have network scannning . but if you use the print server silex c-6700wg ( the axis 1650 does not have the fax feature for the 4150 ) with the mf4150 , then this combination would afford you all the 4150 printer 's capabilities on the network : network printing , faxing , and *also scanning* . i had verified with the canon tech support about this . « show less
it prints envelopes and has a foldout back .
you have to read the manual to discover this , but the default 'starter ' cartridge that comes with the printer is only half full . figure 1,000 pages , tops . as a matter of coincidence , mine just ran out and i have to buy one on my way home tonite .
this is still a little unclear . i gather from the above that the scanner does not flip the original to scan the other to make a two side copy . what i want to know is it possible to make a two side copy by two sequential single side scans ... scan one side , scan the other side and then a two sided copy comes out ? i would like to do this from the printer front panel , not a computer application .
no
i 've never disconnected the copier from my pc prior to using the copy feature , but i think it 's be fairly safe to assume that it can .
the calculator has 2 sided tape that keeps it secured in checkbook . you register fits between your checks and the back cover . hope this helps you
remove screw on back of calculator for the battery compartment . replace the two type 386a batteries within 3 minutes to retain balance records , date and time .
1. hold down the clock set ( % ) about 3 seconds , until the first digit of the month flashes . 2. press + to select 12- or 24 hour format . am or pm appears to the left of the time to indicate 12- hour format . press ( . ) period to toggle between am or pm in 12- hour format . 3. enter the correct month , date , year and time then press= . note : repeatedly press divide key or - ( minus ) key to move the cursor forward or backward . enter the last two digits of the year . the year affects the day of the week . these instructions and notes were taken from the directions that came with my calculator .
not very with the correct size screwdriver
checkbook wallet is 6 5 8 inches long & opened wide is 7 1 8 inches . the calculator itself measures 6 3 16 inches by 2 7 8 inces wide . hope this helps you .
i bought this new and a new calculator has an owner 's manual .
there is no lock on this model !
no , this model does not or i have not found the right button yet . i have used these for decades and love themmy old did automatically , not this one .
the clips have the size # engraved on them ( either `` supaclip 40 '' or `` supaclip 60 '' ) . if this does not appear on the clip , they may be older or another brand . the size 40 supaclip is 1 2 '' wide x 1 8 '' thick on the closed end ( 4mm x 1.3mm ) . the size 60 would be thicker than this .
not unless you magnetize them . you undoubtedly could magnetize them , but i would have to wonder why.they are metal , can come painted in pleasing colors , and are as clever a gadget as i 've seen in office supplies . they are available in these regular 40-sheet clip size , as well as a larger 60-sheet clip and a smaller 20-sheet model . i 've used them for about 20 years and have yet to find a drawback about them.hope that helps .
sorry , pamela . i repackage mine into drawers by colors and sizes , so i do n't have the original containers . [ and i also have a bunch of non-supraclips in the drawers to add further to the confusion . ] why not ask the vendor or the manufacturer ?
the grid is on both sides .
yes . however the paper is thin . i am not sure how effective the utilization rate would be with medium or bold ink .
i ca n't find my machinist 's scale at the moment , but according to my son 's plastic ruler , yes . they lined up almost perfectly over 10 1 2 inches .
one pad of 100 sheets . it 's confusing because it 's labeled `` dual pad '' but what that means is that it is ruled on both sides of the paper .
i have the same question . i love my cordless phones , but am tired of paying 50 bucks a month for very few calls . would love to plug into my computer to make calls over the internet while talking through my cordless set .
look at vonage for this functionality .
i just received this item , and the manual says it can do skype-to-skype calls . however , i use it only for skypeout , so i have not tried this myself .
they claim windows vista and windows 7 compatibility but i seriously doubt trouble-free operation considering their latest driver ( as of july 2010 ) is dated 2007 ( before vista was released ! ) . besides , there are many claims of the software being very buggy ! i would not buy this unit so the question is ... where do we find a pstn to voip device that works with the latest version of windows ( win 7 ) and the latest version of skype ?
yes , this has a separate slot for shredding discs . there is also a separate bin inside to collect the shredded discs . this stops them from getting mixed in with the confetti paper . note that the disc will not shred to confetti , just into strips . so far i have been more than pleased with this shredder .
that ia how we use it . but it is a special bag for recycling .
the sensor is only around the paper port . the cd port is very slim and only wide enough for a cd
yes
no
i do n't have two bins in my shredder , only one . if there was a second bin , i have removed it , so it is removable . i bought my shredder a while ago , and i do n't remember now if a second bin came with it .
i see what you 're trying to do there , but i never tried it . i think it would work fine , no guarantees .
i have n't used a bag with it . it just dumps into the bin and i empty the bin when it fills up . i am very happy with this shredder . it does a wonderful job .
according to the fellowes site for this shredder , credit cards are to be shred through the cd slot . see info below.will shred : paper , credit cards , cd dvds 3.5 disks and stapleswill not shred : continuous forms , adhesive labels , transparencies , newspaper , cardboard , paper clips , * laminates or plastic other than noted abovepaper shred size : confetti-cut ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. 5 64 '' x 5 16 '' ( 2 x 8mm ) card cd shred size : strip-cut ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. 5 16 '' ( 8mm ) according to the fellowes site for this shredder , credit cards are to be shred through the cd slot . see info below.will shred : paper , credit cards , cd dvds 3.5 disks and stapleswill not shred : continuous forms , adhesive labels , transparencies , newspaper , cardboard , paper clips , * laminates or plastic other than noted abovepaper shred size : confetti-cut ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. 5 64 '' x 5 16 '' ( 2 x 8mm ) card cd shred size : strip-cut ... » read more according to the fellowes site for this shredder , credit cards are to be shred through the cd slot . see info below.will shred : paper , credit cards , cd dvds 3.5 disks and stapleswill not shred : continuous forms , adhesive labels , transparencies , newspaper , cardboard , paper clips , * laminates or plastic other than noted abovepaper shred size : confetti-cut ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. 5 64 '' x 5 16 '' ( 2 x 8mm ) card cd shred size : strip-cut ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. 5 16 '' ( 8mm ) « show less
the ink is very dark . with no smudging .
stays on until you shut it off . i use batteries only so i must remember to do so or risk loosing the batteries and the cost of replacing them . that said , the batteries last a long time . if you have a business , using the cord is financially more sound but i recommend turning off all electronics with the exception of your desktop computer ...
4ea aa
to subtract 200 from 500 , press 500 ( += ) , 200 ( - ) . to do a column , 500 , 300 , -200 , 400. press 500 ( += ) , 300 ( += ) , 200 ( - ) , 400 ( += ) . if you hit the total button again as with most calculators , you will get a wrong number . had i realized this was how it worked , i would have sent it back . i guess the astrick is a total button .
yes , paper and ink come with it . it is easy to load .
the casio hr-150tm uses standard 2 1 4 '' wide adding machine paper
turn the unit to the back ( looking at battery compartment ) there isa slit on top of unit .take the end of the paper and fold each side inward to form a triangle , insert triangle through slit .remove plastic coveron front of unit so that mechanism can be accessed.put the end of the triangle in the space between the silver colored bar and the blackpiece.push it in manually , then press the feed button on top left of keyboard.paper should then feed through.replace plastic cover . hope this makes sense
( 4 ) aa are optional but comes with electric adapter .
yes , although the roll of paper is not that long , so buy some spare rolls right away ( it takes the standard calculator paper rolls ) .
casio specifications say 8-5 64x4-1 64x1-55 64 inches or 205mmx102mmx47mm . my measure : 7-1 2x3-7 8x1-5 8 inches..
yes it comes with an ac adaptor .
yes a small roll of standard width calculator paper comes with it . it is 2 1 4 inches wide .
i am not sure what you mean . to me it works logically which is why i bought it . 8+6=14 . 8-6=2 and so on.hope this helps .
it does not have a light display
i bought paper at walmart .
no , the printout is only black . it does list the operational sign next to each line of the printout .
last year it was $ 99 for the year . their website presto.com should be able to give the the price .
the hp printing mailbox uses plain paper , not photo paper , because it 's mostly for emails . photos attached to emails are printed in the message body automatically , in color . the higher quality paper you use , the nicer your prints will look , naturally . hp makes a nice 24 # bright white plain paper that results in really great-looking prints . the printer uses standard hp 95 or 97 print cartridges . the ink volume of the 97 is double that of the 95. installing a print cartridge is really , really easy . you can see much more detail by viewing the flash demo by clicking on the link on the amazon page above . the hp printing mailbox uses plain paper , not photo paper , because it 's mostly for emails . photos attached to emails are printed in the message body automatically , in color . the higher quality paper you use , the nicer your prints will look , naturally . hp makes a nice 24 # bright white plain paper that results in really great-looking prints . the printer uses standard hp 95 or 97 print cartridges . the ink volume of the 97 is double that of the 95. installing a print cartridge is really , really easy . you can see much more detail by viewing the flash demo by clicking on the link on the amazon ... » read more the hp printing mailbox uses plain paper , not photo paper , because it 's mostly for emails . photos attached to emails are printed in the message body automatically , in color . the higher quality paper you use , the nicer your prints will look , naturally . hp makes a nice 24 # bright white plain paper that results in really great-looking prints . the printer uses standard hp 95 or 97 print cartridges . the ink volume of the 97 is double that of the 95. installing a print cartridge is really , really easy . you can see much more detail by viewing the flash demo by clicking on the link on the amazon page above . « show less
a list of coverage by area code + prefix combinations is the best way to know for sure -- but this list is exceedingly long , as you might imagine . during initial setup , the hp printing mailbox contacts presto service with a toll-free call and then receives a local dial-up number for daily calls into the service to receive new messages . presto has local [ no toll ] service access for all but a very small percentage of the us phone network
the `` secret '' code for initiating email retrieval is as follows:1 ) press and continue to hold down the `` stop '' button2 ) while continuing to hold it down , press and release the volume up ( + ) button twiceyou should then here a tone ( if the volume is turned up ) which signifies the printing mailbox will now go retrieve its mail . in my experience , i find it typically takes five minutes to make the call , process the data and print out the mail ( unless there are many pages , then it takes a little longer ) .hope this helps , peter radsliffpresto ceo the `` secret '' code for initiating email retrieval is as follows:1 ) press and continue to hold down the `` stop '' button2 ) while continuing to hold it down , press and release the volume up ( + ) button twiceyou should then here a tone ( if the volume is turned up ) which signifies the printing mailbox will now go retrieve its mail . in my experience , i find it typically takes five minutes to make the call , process the data and print out the mail ( unless there are many pages , then it takes a little longer ) .hope this helps , peter ... » read more the `` secret '' code for initiating email retrieval is as follows:1 ) press and continue to hold down the `` stop '' button2 ) while continuing to hold it down , press and release the volume up ( + ) button twiceyou should then here a tone ( if the volume is turned up ) which signifies the printing mailbox will now go retrieve its mail . in my experience , i find it typically takes five minutes to make the call , process the data and print out the mail ( unless there are many pages , then it takes a little longer ) .hope this helps , peter radsliffpresto ceo « show less
at this time , presto dial-up connectivity is limited to the us due to limitations of our network partners . our network coverage will grow over time , but for now , we do n't support access in canada .
this thing will be around a while i 'm sure . the posts about it have pretty much all been positive ( including my own ! ) . as far as gramma shelling out the moola for a sub . hey you bought it as a gift right ? so buy her at least a year sub . to go with it !
yes .
do n't know , sorry .
should work . the more surface area that contacts the magnet the better . so be sure to lay the items flat against the magnetic strip . i just tried it with a full size pair of scissors at the office here and it held fine . most of the length of the scissors was in contact with the magnetic strip . i also tried a 3 8 '' open end wrench . it held that fine too .
no !
there is no adhesive on this tape stick so this wo n't work . it is for magnetic and not fabric surfaces e.g . refrigerator
safecoproducts dot com says 200 lbs . ( 100 lbs . top shelf ; 50 lbs . lower shelf ) . the stand itself weighs 38 lbs .
i am not near it but i believe the dimensions are posted on the specs tab . i do know it hold a big network printer that can hold 750 sheets of paper . works great .
there are no holes in the back for cords , however we punched two holes with a greenlee punch which worked perfectly . i do n't know if the stand would be stable without the back .
it easily supports my 68 lb . printer . it is made well and very sturdy .
yes . the tips of the legs that the casters go into have a short length on them . if using on a hardwood floor , at felt pads . otherwise fine on carpet .
fantastic ! faster than the ones at my office ! great find .
i purchased my 1210 new and it has worked with no problems other than when it gets a thin fine line vertically through the picture , it means that you need to clean off the lens glass as there is a piece of dust on it causing the line .
yes , they work one at a time . using the template can be tricky - you have to pay close attention to make sure you 're tying the words in the right place .
correct . all labels for home printers are made such that the printer prints on the non-adhesive side .
1 4th inch wide ; 4 11 16 inches long
so far so good after quite a few months !
a very cautious yes , but with these conditions : 1. you should use the template provided by the label manufacturer . it works with ms word . 2. the template allows two columns of labels for a standard cd jewel case . you might find a template for a slim case , but the labels will be very thin . the labels i bought tended to rip apart when separating from the backing sheet . this can be a royal pain when labeling cd cases . 4. i had to use a professional trimmer to trim the label sheets which were supposed to be pre-sized.you may want to just go with a standard 8.5x11 self-stick label sheet and trim your own . working with the regular size cd jewel case label was frustrating ; trying a half-width label may try your patience . a very cautious yes , but with these conditions : 1. you should use the template provided by the label manufacturer . it works with ms word . 2. the template allows two columns of labels for a standard cd jewel case . you might find a template for a slim case , but the labels will be very thin . the labels i bought tended to rip apart when separating from the backing sheet . this can be a royal pain when labeling cd cases . 4. i had to use a professional trimmer to trim the label sheets which were supposed to be pre-sized.you may want to just go with a standard 8.5x11 self-stick label sheet and trim ... » read more a very cautious yes , but with these conditions : 1. you should use the template provided by the label manufacturer . it works with ms word . 2. the template allows two columns of labels for a standard cd jewel case . you might find a template for a slim case , but the labels will be very thin . the labels i bought tended to rip apart when separating from the backing sheet . this can be a royal pain when labeling cd cases . 4. i had to use a professional trimmer to trim the label sheets which were supposed to be pre-sized.you may want to just go with a standard 8.5x11 self-stick label sheet and trim your own . working with the regular size cd jewel case label was frustrating ; trying a half-width label may try your patience . « show less
yes .
i have not tried it but i am sure if you put two heavily loaded vaultz boxes on top , it will cause some damage . big question would be how heavy will the top be .
8x11 but legal plastic case inside to hold electrical componets . i have 3 of these love them .
while open , you slide the release over and hold it with one hand , while with the other hand you part a new combo
i received it damaged so i never used it . my estimate would be 100 folders .
34 '' from the floor to the highest extention .
have n't had that problem but maybe try returning for replacement ?
i only purchased black ... and i checked the package but did n't see an expiration date .
yes . it says original hp on the description ... .
according to a few ink sites , yes it is ! hope this helps !
the box says only c3130 , c3150 , and c3180
yes ! i have the same printer
i do n't know . i remember looking at it and thinking it was reasonable . i have been burned before , buying ink cartridges on amazon . but not this time from this seller .
yes it appears to be
works for this model . however , my colored ( 93 ) seems to have dried up . could n't use it . these are the numbers i use for # 3180 .
my refill that i received about 10 months ago has an expiry date of september 2015 .
dec. 2015 is the date on the ones i purchased
wish i could help ; i used the cartridges right after i received them and did not notice the expiration date , except that the ink was fresh .
yes , it appears to be . we 've never had trouble with these cartridges and we 've been buying our ink online for a few years now .
probably not . i once bought i think a 95 by mistake ... big mistake !
sorry , i really do not know ...
yes , it does !
860 black ( hp 96 ) 450 color or 160 photos . ( hp 97 ) http : www8.hp.com us en products oas product-detail.html ? oid=397408http : www8.hp.com us en products oas product-detail.html ? oid=397433
from what i just looked up online , yes , this 96 97 cartridge is compatible with the hp deskjet 6988 printer .
expiration date stamped on the back of the box is january 2016 .
i found out here : http : h10025.www1.hp.com ewfrf wc document ? cc=us &lc; =en &dlc; =en &docname; =c01764161that the date stamped on the cartridge is the warrentee ends date- not the expiration for the ink . the date for the pack i just got is 12 2014. that is the install by date - with some confusion on the hp support forum .
i don , t remember but i do know they work perfectly . i don , t have any problems but will return to amazon to purchase more .
yes it is in original hp package . i ca n't remember the expiration date . but i did n't have any problems with it .
they were hp and exactly what i used to buy in the store .
have no idea if they will work with a d1460 printer . check the amazon descriptions or the manual of your printer .
yes i think so but you can go on line and check
they are the original cartridges and work perfectly .
hp officejet compatible are j3640 , j3680,4315
often these cartridges work in more than one hp printer - my specific model is a deskjet f380 and uses these cartridges .
yes . that 's what mine is . : )
turn the power on the printer , open the paper door and the inner door , printer will centre the cartridges , using your thumb press down on top rear of the cartridge and lift it out to install new one remove plastic tape that covers the contacts and place new cartridge ln with front up and the rear larch and press down on the front to know in place , repeat for the next one . print a cartridge alignment paper . good luck , hope this was helpful
approx 5.5mm
2 cardstock
no
you do not need a crimping tool . the process is easily done with heavy-duty scissors and a pair of pliers to bend the tail and tuck it into the last couple loops . very easy . just look at steno pads at a store or other coil bound books
no . this machine uses a plastic coil binding that is a continuous spiral of plastic from one end to the other . you 'd have to unscrew the entire length , add your new page , and then re-screw . it 'll be annoying . probably take 3 minutes every time you have to do it ( not to mention wasting a new coil ) .
just to clarify , this is a hole punch machine . recommend max 10 pages at a time . coiling the pages is a separate step , and accomplished manually.after punching ( up to 10 pages at a time ) , the max number of pages you can coil depends upon coil size . for a large booklet , print double sided . then use appropriate coil size for how many pages . amazon site gives page recommendations with various coil ads . for instance , 20mm coil will take 175 pages . fewer pages use smaller coils.though it has a coil guide over which to place the paper edges while coiling , you may find it just as easy to feed the coil while holding the booklet of pages upright.this punch machine has a guide to help determine the appropriate size coil . gather the pages together , then feed them in the slot to find your best coil size . include plastic covers ( if using them ) in this step . just to clarify , this is a hole punch machine . recommend max 10 pages at a time . coiling the pages is a separate step , and accomplished manually.after punching ( up to 10 pages at a time ) , the max number of pages you can coil depends upon coil size . for a large booklet , print double sided . then use appropriate coil size for how many pages . amazon site gives page recommendations with various coil ads . for instance , 20mm coil will take 175 pages . fewer pages use smaller coils.though it has a coil guide over which to place the paper edges while coiling , you may find it just as easy ... » read more just to clarify , this is a hole punch machine . recommend max 10 pages at a time . coiling the pages is a separate step , and accomplished manually.after punching ( up to 10 pages at a time ) , the max number of pages you can coil depends upon coil size . for a large booklet , print double sided . then use appropriate coil size for how many pages . amazon site gives page recommendations with various coil ads . for instance , 20mm coil will take 175 pages . fewer pages use smaller coils.though it has a coil guide over which to place the paper edges while coiling , you may find it just as easy to feed the coil while holding the booklet of pages upright.this punch machine has a guide to help determine the appropriate size coil . gather the pages together , then feed them in the slot to find your best coil size . include plastic covers ( if using them ) in this step . « show less
i have this , but do not know that answer . i 'm sorry .
too many to list here : click on this link http : www.shopping.hp.com en_us home-office - products ink_toner_paper hp-ink c9321fn ? hp-56-black-57-tri-color-2-pack-original-ink-cartridges click on compatible printers .
there 's not any expiration date . the cartridges are sealed until they are installed in the printer and they last until they are depleted .
i ca n't answer on this..i have a hp5550 . i would go by the manual , or look up online .
i does not appear to have an expiration date .
2 1 black n 1 color but it does n't come like it look .
those work for me ! my printer is an hp psc 1315xi all-in-one
they do not come packaged as shown . they are in individual seald bags . i have openned the color and am using . the black is marked `` c6656a hp 56 product of malaysia '' . i can not find any dates .
expiry date on oem box reads : november 2014. please refer to condition notes for further information . hope this helps !
it 's heavy , but not crazy heavy ! it 's definitely more than 1.8 ounces . more like 11.8 ounces .
you ink the pad on rare occasion and then it 's inks itself for several months of use . easy to use .
if you are asking can it stamp only 4 numbers instead of the full 7 , then yes . you can click in the number wheels so they do n't stamp anything . i have mine set to only use 4 numbers to correspond with image sequences .
i just measured and they are 1 8 on an inch . hope this is helpful .
yes , it automatically advances . when you need to go back to one - it 's a fairly simple process .
yes but the numbers before it will be 0 and with every press it will count up from there ...
hi , it 's much smaller than 11 inch x 9 inch and definitely thicker than .3 inches . which means those dimensions are not correct . this machine is very portable .
you could probably get away with it ... .if you do n't hang too many keys on it and or too many papers . just depends how much you want to load it down .
it 's not too small at all . i 'm not sure what people are putting in there as it 's a mail holder ! it holds standard size envelopes perfectly and i also keep appointment notices in there and other papers i do n't want to lose . you 'll be happy ; it 's a total lifesaver for us ! it 's sturdy and looks great on the wall , i absolutely love mine !
depends on thickness but yes just not very well , more for regular mail
i use this for my bills so i imagine that you could get 10-12 letters in each of the pockets .
i personally did n't use any anchors , and its being healdy up sturdily . i can pull on it with my hands ( medium strength , of course ) and its not budging .
hi guynh , this will not hold magazines . the purpose for this is to hold mail . it 's great for that but the magazines will just for off from it . thanks , madeline
you can change out the die , but when i tried to order a different address i had to order an entirely new system . the handle hurts your hand if you do a lot of envelopes and i 've had complaints from older people that they ca n't read my address . i love the embossed look , but if i had to do it again , i 'd go with an ink stamper like this : www.simplystamps.com address_stamps-list.aspx
approx . 1.5 ''
the embosser would be fine for stationary or envelopes ; i 'm not sure about napkins-it would depend on the quality of the paper . it is possible to change out the stamp , but it only goes in one way ( you can not change the orientation , at least not on mine ) . so , you could order a second stamp ( without replacing the entire embosser ) that was `` upside-down , '' and thus use it on the bottom rather than the top of a page .
yes ! they will email you after you place the order . great customer service .
no . it can not . just the ones they have . you can write your companies name but not logo . i would recommend to get the ink stamp , its way better .
the seller contacted me by email and i provided the info that way ... read whatever instructions they send you carefully .
yes ! i used regular chalk and it works just like a regular chalk board
it does but if you leave it a long time it becomes hard to erase
it has a sort of `` post-it '' adhesive on it . comes off my smooth-painted wall very easily .
this works well with regular chalk and with liquid chalks.. the longer the marking is on the board the more effort it takes to remove , however with a little work ... good as new .
regular chalk works great
i have n't had a problem with this sticking to anything . however , if it is a rough surface , you may not have an easy time writing on it with chalk . you 'll have all kinds of bumpy lines .
yes this is vinyl i believe it should work .
suggestion : since it is probably too thin to sew , why not get some cheap vinyl placemats and cut a piece to size and stick it over the top of the cheap placemat ? then you can write erase on it . get creative and use fancy scissors on the edges and let a bit of the color of the other placemat show . i think it would be super-cute.i cut some of my leftover bits in to label shapes to use for jars ... works great for this too .
about 1 8 of an inch .
48
it possibly will , but i think that it might not stick as well or stay stuck to it as long as it does with regular poster paper in my opinion . i only use these so far to hang posters up in my room .
although a picture of a foam erase board is the example of what it can hang for you , it states that it ca n't hold more than 2 pounds .
yes . they easily took enamel paint off my wall when i tried to move them immediatly after applying them .
yes it 'll stick to a cement wall as long as the wall is indoors and flat .
depends on the diameter of the roll . height is no problem . weight over 60lbs is likely probable ... but i have n't tested that much weight in one roll . i probably have close to 60 lbs . with the several rolls i have in it , and it holds that easily .
10 lbs & 30 '' x30 ''
i do not think it will hold more than 30 pounds
the openings are slightly under 4 '' in diameter , so if you need 4 '' , these wo n't work . also , just to let you know , the concept behind these is good , but the quality is really bad ( i ordered many replacements , but something was always broken . i ended up just keeping the one with the least amount of problems ) !
i have one , and it 's really not designed to hold a lot of weight . i use it to hold rolls of wrapping paper .
they do script . make sure you request an appropriate font size .
after you order on amazon , there will be instructions on how to email the seller to let them know what you want to stamp to print . based on that , i would imaging that they will be able to put any year you want onto it .
i grasp the frame while it 's upside down and push the framework to bring up the print . most have a lock on the side to hold the print in place as tho ' it were engaging its target or you can hold it in place with your fingers . then , when the print is facing you it can be inked with a few dabs of liquid stamper ink . when it returns to its resting position , the newly added ink will soak into the built in pad . repeat if necessary .
i do n't know if there is a set number of characters , but the third line of my stamp has 26 characters ( including 4 spaces ) and they print perfectly clearly .
i used the stamp for a 3 line return address stamp , and really like it . it 's a good quality and gets used a lot . hope that helps .
i 'm sorry but i do n't know the answer to that . but if you contact the seller , i think they can do any size . provide them your website and ask them your questions , they respond right away . you will have to purchase the self inking stamp , though , and they you can leave your question . i do n't think they will process the charge unless they can do it . they are very easy to work with .
you can buy refills from amazon . the right tape is labeled `` m series , '' m-131 , m-231 , or p-touch .
yes . you 'd probably want to pad the label with spaces so the text will appear all on one side after folding it over the wire . you could also use 3-4 spaces after the text and then repeat so it appears on both sides after putting on the wire .
i would think not . the glue would not last thru washing and labels are paper and a bit stiff .
i purchased the label printer and several refills simultaneously . the refills are available from the printer seller , and are also available at many local office computer supply stores . i have had several models of brother label printers and have never had a problem finding refills either locally or online .
it comes with the white tape
it 's not a cordless base , so it wo n't support any cordless phones . it 's a small office phone system . you need to get the kx-tg4500b to get the cordless capability .
this is an analog phone .
yes , but you have to sign up for roll over with your phone company first . once you sign up with your phone company to have them rolled over , if you 're using one line and a call come on that line , it will roll to the next line .
it has an external power supply .
yes mine works with other phones as well as with panasonic kx-ts4300
yes works fine without it .
i think it can be mounted , but i 'm not sure - it was a gift to a family member , who uses it on a desk . it 's a nice phone , though .
not really . we have this one and we have to pick up the phone and look very carefully to see who the call is from . sometimes the message is cryptic . i would recommend something with a light behind it .
the bottom is soft but is a very heavy canvas type bottom and sides that will easily support the weight . as for tipping , maybe just make sure you have another gallon of milk next to it or a bag of groceries to assist it from tipping over as you mentioned . this is an extremely strong cart that i have abused when i was moving , and it will carry a tremendous amount of weight without any damage to the cart at all . i love this cart , and bought a second one so there is one in each car for anytime we go out and purchase anything that i choose not to carry . it even folds up so small that to me it is a necessity at all times . this cart will hold almost as much as a full size shopping cart at the grocery store ! just be sensible and put your heavy cans , bottle and boxes in first then put your softer vegetable and breads at the top and your all set . i live in a large high rise building and many people use them , and those that do n't have them are always asking me where to get one . i tell them amazon . enjoy . the bottom is soft but is a very heavy canvas type bottom and sides that will easily support the weight . as for tipping , maybe just make sure you have another gallon of milk next to it or a bag of groceries to assist it from tipping over as you mentioned . this is an extremely strong cart that i have abused when i was moving , and it will carry a tremendous amount of weight without any damage to the cart at all . i love this cart , and bought a second one so there is one in each car for anytime we go out and purchase anything that i choose not to carry . it even folds up so small that to me it ... » read more the bottom is soft but is a very heavy canvas type bottom and sides that will easily support the weight . as for tipping , maybe just make sure you have another gallon of milk next to it or a bag of groceries to assist it from tipping over as you mentioned . this is an extremely strong cart that i have abused when i was moving , and it will carry a tremendous amount of weight without any damage to the cart at all . i love this cart , and bought a second one so there is one in each car for anytime we go out and purchase anything that i choose not to carry . it even folds up so small that to me it is a necessity at all times . this cart will hold almost as much as a full size shopping cart at the grocery store ! just be sensible and put your heavy cans , bottle and boxes in first then put your softer vegetable and breads at the top and your all set . i live in a large high rise building and many people use them , and those that do n't have them are always asking me where to get one . i tell them amazon . enjoy . « show less
you push it just as you would a regualar shopping wagon .
hard question - big paper bags , six . little plastic bags 8 to 10. i find that with the cart , i do n't really need much in the way of bags - the clerk just stacks the groceries in the cart ( heavy stuff on the bottom ) , and the only things that get bagged are cat food cans and fruits and veggies . hope that helps .
the opening is ( approximately ) 18 '' x16 '' depth 22 '' . from floor to top of tub is 26 '' and from floor to handles is 36 '' . hope this helps ; - ) nice cart by the way .
i do it all the time . just pull it up slowly ( from behind ) . only time i have broken wheels was when i was trying to push it up onto a curb , and accidentally stepped on the wheels while i was pushing it.these are very durable carts . i 've had the metal carts , and they are not only much harder to use , their wheels break easily.just my experience . but i have bought 7 or 8 ( given several away ) and they are way bettter than metal carts , in my opinion .
hii wouldnt know since i never tried it ... however i also use the cart to carry over 17 gallons of water for my mom every other week and it seems sturdy enough . i believe as long as u pull the cart over each step with care the wheels shouldnt break or fall off . the cart is very light for its size ... id say less than 12lbs .
we 've had the versacart for 2 months , and there is no odor present . i do n't recall any when it was new , either , and i am extremely sensitive to any chemical odor . i believe i would remember if there had been any . it 's a wonderful cart . and pushes very easily .
i used it to bring home potting soil , pots and flowers from the garden center , on the bus and people were able to walk past me i was sitting in an aisle facing seat with cart next to me , not in front of me . be tough if the bus is n't made for wheelchair access ( wider aisles ) . it 's not as big as some strollers i 've seen on buses . i think you 'll be fine .
by basket , do you mean cart ? if so , then yes , unless you 're one of those who makes one walmart run a month and fills the cart all the way up with food . sometimes i put it inside the cart while i shop . it also fits nicely folded up on the little shelf thing they have underneath the walmart carts . it 's easy to fold and unfold - in a pinch i did it with one hand and gravity . but honestly most of the time i use this cart as my shopping cart . it 's easier to manuver and i can zip around all the folks with their giant metal carts blocking up the aisles . now if by basket you mean a hand basket , then no , it wo n't fit even folded up . by basket , do you mean cart ? if so , then yes , unless you 're one of those who makes one walmart run a month and fills the cart all the way up with food . sometimes i put it inside the cart while i shop . it also fits nicely folded up on the little shelf thing they have underneath the walmart carts . it 's easy to fold and unfold - in a pinch i did it with one hand and gravity . but honestly most of the time i use this cart as my shopping cart . it 's easier to manuver and i can zip around all the folks with their giant metal carts blocking up the aisles . now if by basket you mean a hand basket , ... » read more by basket , do you mean cart ? if so , then yes , unless you 're one of those who makes one walmart run a month and fills the cart all the way up with food . sometimes i put it inside the cart while i shop . it also fits nicely folded up on the little shelf thing they have underneath the walmart carts . it 's easy to fold and unfold - in a pinch i did it with one hand and gravity . but honestly most of the time i use this cart as my shopping cart . it 's easier to manuver and i can zip around all the folks with their giant metal carts blocking up the aisles . now if by basket you mean a hand basket , then no , it wo n't fit even folded up . « show less
i got on the scale and then got on with the cart and it weighed 9 pounds .
no battery , but i have found the volume assist very good .
2
no , it does not .
i do not think so , and just went through the user guide looking . i am back down to one line now , and believe that when it rings the appropriate line lamp flashes.cff
no
no it does not have intercom .
yes the ringer has an on and off at the top of the phone
no speaker phone-hold works with each line separatelynote : with use there is static in receiver -- it 's coming from cradle switch -- just jiggle the switch and it goes away -- took phone apart but could not find a simple fix .
i have it mounted on my wall and at least , what i can see arrount , i can see no headset jack .
mine do not light either except for a momentary flash when you first pick up a line or switch lines-do n't know their function .
we have the same problem . panasonic has taken a lot of steps back on their phones . they suck .
unfortunately no . you need a separate device in order to block telemarketers .
the manual , which you can download from panasonic , gives instructions for doing this.i am still researching phones , so i ca n't say from experience .
it uses nimh rechargeable batteries that are aaa in size , and easy to replace . however if you 're asking whether you can use normal ( non-rechargeable ) aaa batteries , the answer is `` do n't try it '' . even if it works , you 'll be burning through a pair of disposable batteries every week ; very expensive and very bad for the environment .
each handset has a jack to plug in a headset , so you can wander in the area with it . but you have to hold the handset or clip it to you belt to wander , so it does support that .
yes
nope . it has mute and supports call waiting . and an additional handset can join an existing conversation ( 2 handsets + 1 outside caller ) ; 1st handset can hang up after 2nd picks up , if desired . hth .
i could n't figure it out either . eventually , i picked up a handset and was working my way through the menus under settings and came across the settings for the base unit . it allows you to turn it off through a handset . make sure you find the settings menu for the base unit , not just the handset .
i do not know the answer to this - but i have used hp scanners with all the all the previous windows operating systems . i rely heavily on m7 g4010 scanner and currently use windows 7. i have never been aware of any particular problem caused by the operative system and hp updates the scanner software regularly . if anyone wants to pursue this , i would contact hp customer care .
i do not have widows 8. works on my windows xp and my windows vista . it is slow and i would not recomend it to anyone . far better scaners out there . dave s .
no , just 35mm or the old 126 negatives and slides
works great with my windows 7 , no problems .
no . letter size is the max
i guess you are asking about the glass plate of the scanner . i use a very soft cloth made just for that purpose and water or windex . i do not recommend paper towels as they are somewhat abrasive .
312 x 218 mm
yes it does . i use windows 7. the wireless connection sometimes is a bit sluggish , but generally the transmission work ok .
from hp 's website : transparent materials adapter ( tma ) specifications up to sixteen 35 mm slides , thirty 35 mm negative frames , up to two medium format film frames ( 120 roll film ) , or one large format film frame ( 220 roll film ) .media capacityslide : 1.05 mm to 3.26 mm thick and 49.8 mm to 50.8 mm on any sidealthough the scanning surface would probably accommodate other sizes i think you would need to be able to fit the transparencies into a holder . the holder keeps the transparencies a few millimeters from the scanning surface and it is all probably to do with light and contrast to obtain a good post scan image . i hope this helps . from hp 's website : transparent materials adapter ( tma ) specifications up to sixteen 35 mm slides , thirty 35 mm negative frames , up to two medium format film frames ( 120 roll film ) , or one large format film frame ( 220 roll film ) .media capacityslide : 1.05 mm to 3.26 mm thick and 49.8 mm to 50.8 mm on any sidealthough the scanning surface would probably accommodate other sizes i think you would need to be able to fit the transparencies into a holder . the holder keeps the transparencies a few millimeters from the scanning surface and it is all probably to do ... » read more from hp 's website : transparent materials adapter ( tma ) specifications up to sixteen 35 mm slides , thirty 35 mm negative frames , up to two medium format film frames ( 120 roll film ) , or one large format film frame ( 220 roll film ) .media capacityslide : 1.05 mm to 3.26 mm thick and 49.8 mm to 50.8 mm on any sidealthough the scanning surface would probably accommodate other sizes i think you would need to be able to fit the transparencies into a holder . the holder keeps the transparencies a few millimeters from the scanning surface and it is all probably to do with light and contrast to obtain a good post scan image . i hope this helps . « show less
does very well with 4x5 film but you need to use at least 1200 dpi resoliution and the result will be a large file . scale at 100 % . the default is 400 %
yes it is .
mine came with 110v only adapters . output for the handset charger is 7.5v , 150ma . base is 7.5v 500ma .
your comment is inaccurate . although it is not possible to use this phone with a fax machine , it is very possible to use voip service to send and receive faxes . there are lots of voip compatible fax machines on the market , just not yet to consumers , mostly the small to large business market .
it 's been a while since i 've had the phone but if i recall correctly while in use i just hit the up arrow . it has been a while though so i may be wrong . i did really enjoy the phone while i had it , now i kind of wish i still did .
the caller id probllem has nothing to do with netgear . skype does not provide caller id in the us . scott
yes , your vonage should function through this phone but i have n't tried to confirm .
it does n't require a computer period , so pretty sure it wo n't be a problem if you are using a mac
you are right , the price is out of line . you can buy it retail from netgear for $ 150.http : www.netgear.com products communicationsvoip skype sph200d.aspx
i have to say , a company such as hp disables only black printing hiding behind the fact that they have to use yellow to give the grayscale tones . therefore forces you to buy yellow cartridges . i could n't fix it using the software that came with the hp . unless i am missing something massively , it is a way for hp to extract money from paying customers such as us who made the mistake of acquiring an hp printer . ( in this case a l7580 )
i have no idea whatsoever
sorry , i 'm not knowledgable enough to answer that and i no longer have that printer , though i do have an hp printer , but when i did have the 7580 , it did a great job , mine was not wireless , but they make a great product and if it said its wireless capable , i would bet it is .
hello ! i have reused several containers of frozen stock and the labels peeled off perfectly even after being in the freezer . i 've read some reviews that say if you get the labels wet they leave some residue . i do n't get them wet i simply put them on a dry lid and pop them in the freezer and when i take out the stock from the freezer i peel the label right off with no problem . i hope this answers your question !
yes , they work well in the fridge or the freezer .
the product description states 1 '' x 2 ''
no probably only about 3 4 ''
why not . as long as the bag is dry this label will stick .
yes , they do stick very well .
yes you can but make sure you scrape wipe any frost off and then dry the container off before applying the tape
i have only use the labels on 1 quart plastic soup containers on the lids.they stick well and have n't come off in the freezer .
they 're more like a magic eraser than a regular sponge .
they are great everyday erasers , but have the added feature of being like a `` magic eraser '' when dampened .
slightly larger ( and obviously quite a lot wider ) than an index card . = )
yes
i did n't `` wash `` the ones we use , but i kinda rinse every often and that did n't happen certainty . maybe the warm , too warm water was the problem , guessing here , but i do n't see a problem ( i know not the issue ) working with the white material alone .
i made a stamp with four lines . you can do that . i dont now if 30 characters is too much .
i do n't know exact measurements however it fits into the area to sign on the back of a check . hope this helps due to i 'm not near it for the measurements
the stamp i ordered states for deposit only and then lists the name of the organization and the account number . that has worked very well with my bank .
well my stamp has a total of four lines with 21 characters on the longest line . with a readable font you might be able to squeeze 2-3 more but that 's probably all . hope this helps .
it was a while ago . i 'm pretty sure they contacted me thru email . it was pretty easy .
the voltage is 120v
it depends how thick . it can definitely go through 3mil . i 've never tried with 5 mil , but i would say yes only because it can hole punch a lot of paper at a time especially cardstock .
it could be used to frequent use . it 's very easy to use ; just be sure to line up the edges of your paper before punching any holes .
the unit i have does not have 240v capability . the plug connects directly to the unit ( no adapter ) and there is no switch .
yes , you can bind on the 8 1 2 inch side . you may have to adjust the guide to get the spacing right on the holes . i use the 11 '' combs and just cut them with a pair of scissors . they are very easy to cut . honestly , i never thought to look to see if 8 1 2 `` sizes were available . hope this helps .
it will punch up to the legal size paper and is adjustable for each project .
no . this is only for combs , which when spread open are like fingers . not for spiral as in a spiral coil . here is what you want for a spiral coil : coilpro 101i spiral coil binding machine with electric coil inserter
plastic only .
i do n't know anything about the star 150 , but the pulsar 300 is a solid machine . i assume the punch is metal ( that part is not readily visible ) . i have used mine for a couple of years now and it is still making nice crisp cuts . i am very satisfied with its quality and functionality .
yes , it is easy to take apart a bound booklet and rebind it . the fellowes pulsar 300 is very user friendly and separates the bindings so that binding ( and unbinding ) can be done quite easily .
yes . we use the gbc combs ( standard size ) and they work with this machine .
no , they are the standard flags .
it comes with 8 dispensers and two bonus arrow dispensers . so a total of 8 square dispensers and 2 arrow dispensers = 10 total . its a really good deal !
yes
short of breaking out the tape measure , all flags are visually similar in size . great value .
i have only used ball point pens and the ink was not smeared . the only issue that on some colored tabs ball point pens are not as dark as gel pens so can be hard to read the writing at a glance
it seems to have a sturdy enough frame to sit on if you wanted to . but it probably would depend upon how much you weight as well . staples stores carry these . if you have a staples in your town you can try out the chest for yourself . hope this helps ! : )
i have no idea . they carry these at the `` staples '' stores ... maybe you can ask them .
no
the slots that hold the hanging file holders are n't removable but file folders are - hope your question is answered .
across the front it supports letter hanging folders . from front to back it supports legal hanging folders . the box is nice and a good file cabinet . in my humble opinion the locks are worthless .
i would say that it weighs about 1 pound . it has an aluminum frame and plastic walls so it 's pretty light . hope this helps
you hold the button to the unlock position while you set the numbers
this product is set up to hold files , but files are not included . when i did my comparison research online , none of the other sites included files either .
not advisable as i do not think it would take wetting
14 inches . it 's 17 inches wide .
from my experience , it depends on the marker . i can use a large expo marker and some of the dollar store markers , but not others .
i can see only one roll so do n't think you can laminate only one side . if it did only laminate the top the document would curl a lot .
you remove the used up one , it comes in a big bulky piece . you place the new one the same way you took the other one . you slide the double laminating sheet under .
hello my friend , the machine that you are asking about requires no power supply at all . it is operated by hand crank and it works very well ! i hope this helps you.jim
yes . you can easily make bookmarks . it 's a great desktop laminator that is quick and easy . since it does n't get hot you do n't need to worry about it changing the color or your work .
i use it for occasional laminating sheets of printer paper and small cards for work with kids . i have only bought one refill cartridge in the two years since my original purchase . i hope that helps !
if you have the proper software or driver , yes
same problem . epson help center could not `` help . '' i am returning the printer . so disappointed .
i 've had best luck if i use the epson printer control panel and set it for `` grayscale '' only . it seems this gives the best b &w; results . it still is not like using kodabromide fiber paper and dektol ( ! ) ... but it 's pretty good . your mileage may vary ... !
hilar . very funny !
absolutely . thisis a solid cash box . great `` springs '' .
yes , this cash box opens completely so it can lay flat when opened . it 's great !
it 's about 2.5 inches deep
i ordered 16 of them and a few of them had the same issue . i assume that during shipping the locking mechanism was actuated . we were lucky that someone in our group was a locksmith and had the ability to open them . first alert please tape the key to the outside of the unit
not backlit
there is no speaker feature .
8 x 3 inches
never fell - all good
it does n't need a battery . i think what caused confusion is the need of cordless phones to have a battery to charge to be able to receive a signal . this is an `` old fashioned '' phone that is directly connected to the phone line . if the electricity goes out , it is not affected .
i just read all land line phones work with digital . this is a traditional land line phone . but this phone draws power from the old fashioned phone wires . you may need some type of adapter . i would check with your service to determine if they provide dc power for old type telephones . best answer i have for you .
it should , though i do n't know from experience . i have verizon but not fios .
if you have a standard phone jack ... this phone is a standard no frills phone . it has no electrical cord or batteries for functions you do not need for a phone to make a call or receive a call . it is not an alarm . it is not a hands free . it is not a cordless . i was tired of hearing garbled or diminished staticky reception . this phone has beautiful clarity which we have not experienced for years ! we had phones in this house which were obviously inferior . now to your most important question ... keep or make sure you have a true land line . we bundled our cable , home phone , and internet with a cable company . when we first subscribed 10 years ago , it was questionable if the phone would still work during power outages and or with 911 or when cable service goes out . we still on occasion will experience a problem when the cable service goes completely dead . check with your service provider and grill them on your concerns . this phone will more than likely not be the problem . this is a standard old fashioned phone that is still manufactured as a quality product because businesses and hotels motels need to have these . cellphones are unreliable and overrated and do not serve the primary purpose reliably to call someone when you need to call someone . i hope my observations help . if you have a standard phone jack ... this phone is a standard no frills phone . it has no electrical cord or batteries for functions you do not need for a phone to make a call or receive a call . it is not an alarm . it is not a hands free . it is not a cordless . i was tired of hearing garbled or diminished staticky reception . this phone has beautiful clarity which we have not experienced for years ! we had phones in this house which were obviously inferior . now to your most important question ... keep or make sure you have a true land line . we bundled our cable , home phone , and internet with a ... » read more if you have a standard phone jack ... this phone is a standard no frills phone . it has no electrical cord or batteries for functions you do not need for a phone to make a call or receive a call . it is not an alarm . it is not a hands free . it is not a cordless . i was tired of hearing garbled or diminished staticky reception . this phone has beautiful clarity which we have not experienced for years ! we had phones in this house which were obviously inferior . now to your most important question ... keep or make sure you have a true land line . we bundled our cable , home phone , and internet with a cable company . when we first subscribed 10 years ago , it was questionable if the phone would still work during power outages and or with 911 or when cable service goes out . we still on occasion will experience a problem when the cable service goes completely dead . check with your service provider and grill them on your concerns . this phone will more than likely not be the problem . this is a standard old fashioned phone that is still manufactured as a quality product because businesses and hotels motels need to have these . cellphones are unreliable and overrated and do not serve the primary purpose reliably to call someone when you need to call someone . i hope my observations help . « show less
never got a radio signal .
handle of phone says made in the usa . by the way my husband had to rewire it to accommodate our dsl splitter . ( probably most people do n't use dsl ) . no complaints with the phone except i do n't see a redial button on it . it is like the old western electric phones !
the unit has an upper and lower flange that fit over the two poles that protrude and plugs directly from the phone to the plate ... no cord . it is a good phone , but has a very weak ringer
oh sure ! the cord detaches and you can replace it with any standard phone cord .
you are right , this is more expensive . i guess that 's because they include a router in the box . i do wish they sell this same phone without the router . i have both this phone , and the netgear one which costs much less -- this phone has a great speaker phone option that the netgear one does not have although the volume on this phone is much lower than the netgear one !
yes , it would be very useful . buy and carry with you.most places now have wifi for free .
yes
according to the description of this phone on amazon.com this unit is compatible with following systems : for use with panasonic base units kx-tg302 , kx-tg3031 , kx-tg3032 , kx-tg3033 .
yes
no
it claims to have 256. i have n't counted them but there are a lot of pages and it 's perfect for my journaling needs : )
yes ! i have the red color and it is a true red !
256 pages that are front and back
it 's red . closer to a burgundy color
it 's college ruled .
no
i 'm not an expert , and it does n't specifically mention it on the product . however it feels and looks the same as my leather jacket , if that helps at all .
yes it will work fine on laminated surfaces
no , it does not work well on erase boards .
my whiteboard got left in my sunday school room , so i tried the marker on the top of my deep freeze . you can erase it with a damp cloth .
yes , each pack comes with 2 form 1096s .
yup
no , i believe that is the form for 2012 .
2013
there are no separate pieces of carbon paper , but i believe they are 'infused ' with carbon paper because i think they 're made for a dot matrix printer . i usually print directly to each separate sheet the few copies i need for the fed , state , etc . if you are just going to write in the info they should be fine for that .
22 '' x 28 '' and approximately .5 mm thick for each sheet .
each sheet measures 28 inches by 22 inches .
no
as an artist , no , i would not use this in that type of way . it 's actually very thin and flimsy . and maybe , because i 'm old school , my standard for poster board is too high . for backing posters i 'd go for something more substantial , like even a chip or matting board .
yes .
1 8 is the width of the band , itself , and 7 '' is the length of the band laid flat ( forming a double strand ) ... .
no , they are not covered . they look and feel just like giant black rubber bands . they are quite strong .
i can get a 30 inch stretch on the band so i believe it would fit a 13 gallon trash can .
i believe they would . i use them on my large kitchen trash can and have to stretch the band . i am very happy with them..
no , they are pretty large . i use them to keep large tall kitchen trash bags secured .
only if you protect the seams . i would n't submerge anything , but it is plastic wrap , so if it 's a light rain you should be fine . if you are planning on going deep sea diving , i 'd look for something that has a complete seal
i guess it is possible since all thin plastic with shrink with heat with maybe a blow dryer but is not what i used it for and ca n't say for sure it will work for what you want to shrink wrap being so thin i do not recommend using it for an outdoor application but for the decent price they have on it maybe its worth a try for you it is also super long and stretches good
height ? no . attached to one pole
it comes with casters , with the casters it is 3 '' at the end and 4 '' at the center of the post . the casters can be adjusted or removed if you want to drop it down another two inches off both measurements .
i certainly holds my lap top well.. it is not as stable with only one pole down to hold things without being a bit tipsy - i 'd say that 25 pounds.. maybe a bit more ... actually using it as a bed table next to a hospital bed.. has lots of 'stuff ' on it ... i am pleased with it for what it is intended .
it does not swivel but can b easily moved away on the casters .
yes just turn the table top around .
the tray can be adjusted to at least 44 inches from the floor .
to tilt the angle the knobs must be unscrewed enough to get proper angle for you . the height not what is needed is to push in the metal button on shaft there are many small holes to choose from for desired heights . it simply slides up and down and button pop out again but you must keep it aligned just so though.i hope that helps you out
this ink fit in the hp74 standard black ink . part # cb335wn thank you .
yes
i have a different model and it 's a little tricky . put it in towards the back first and at an angle downward . it should snap in place . it 's a genuine hp product so as long as you have a compatible hp printer it should work
one of my extra boxes ( 74xl ) has a date on it of june 2015 - a second box ( 75xl ) has a date of june 2014. it is printed on the back lower right corner .
no
unless you are into high-quality photo printing 74 75 ( or 74xl 75xl for better value ) will work just fine .
yes.http : store.hp.com webapp wcs stores servlet searchfinderview ? pagesize=10 &printer; search=true &inktonercategoryid; =88341 &sear; chterm=c5550 &pageview; =list &printername; =true &skuid; =384779 &beginindex; =0 &langid; =-1 ≺ oductname=hp+photosmart+c5550+all-in-one+printer &storeid; =10151 &supplies; =true
i purchased the hp 74 xl cartridge . the expiration date on the back is 3 6 2016.it will be empty long before this date is reached . it is well worth spending theextra money for the 74 xl versus the 74. you get about 2 to 3 times as much inkin the xl
the xl is a longer lasting cartridge . both fit the same printers .
yes
yes it does
it does show the department and the dollar amount .
yes and i 've tried everything . even tried reseting . paper change , new battery 's unplug took battery 's out . nothing works .
regular & ink . when you go buy the paper , take the roll that is in it to make sure you get the right size or you will be most likely to get the wrong size .
no , but you can use department numbers . we categorize sales using the department number feature , assigning a numbered department key to an item . when you run the totals at the end of the day , the register gives you total sales for each numbered department . for example , we use the register at a mini-golf course and key 01 is designated as `` round of golf - child '' and key 03 is `` concessions - soda . ''
it has the ability to show department and category only . i have mine showing the department on the receipt . it is a complicated to do this , a long drawn out process .
this is an old school printer and i would not buy it even if it had wireless ( i do n't think mine actually had that capability ) . that canon was pretty noisy and would shake when printing .
i have always had macs , so i know it 's compatable with all mac systems . but i do n't know about other computers . i imagine any staples would have that info ...
yes . i have actually never used it for photos on photo paper , just on regular paper . prints regular stuff just fine .
the ink is not of superior quality if you are looking to print photos or school projects . it is not pigment based . also , the printer does not accept 110 pound stock . it jams . i have run photo paper though and it works fine . it wo n't work on card stock . hope that helps . i did have a wonderful canon pixma printer years ago that was fabulous for photos , but do n't keep up with the technology .
that printer quit on me five years ago . i do n't know if you can print name badges or not .
this fits my printer , which is definitely an older model . hope you can get an answer from someone for the right fit for you .
yes with no problems
3 4 inch ( outside ) diameter .
it 's plastic with a very fine texture not shiny or completely smooth . it 's well made & will last but not at all like leather .
counted 50 and that looked about half of the supplied pages .
mine came with some lined filler paper . you can get the dividers also , online separately . they are very reaonablely priced . mead is a great product . they last a long time and come in various sizes .
if the binder says 5 x 7 , it takes the mead 46534 ( 6 3 4 '' x 3 3 4 '' ) refill . the 3 ' x 5 '' paper refill goes into a 3 5 5 '' x 5 1 2 `` binder . the only reason i know this is because i have both .
no , it is a simple vinyl cover with no pockets inside or out .
within the product dimensions section of the item description , it is listed as 5 x 7 x 1 inches . mine measures just slightly under 1 inch .
the pages are 3 by 5 inches , the book itself 3.5 by 5.5 inches , about 0.75 inches thick . and the book we got is a plum red .
lined
if it is a laptop yes , if it is a pc tower case , i would not recommend trying . the lower shelf is a thin panel that sits on the lip of the pieces that frame the panel .
24 and 1 4 inches , if you remove shelf . i realize that this differs from 2 other responses , so to be safe you should n't expect to use a file cabinet more than 24 '' . i 'm not saying that you should n't do it , but the shelf add some minimal support to the legs . if you are careful with the stand , and do n't drag it around minus that shelf , it should work out .
9 5 8 '' x 11 3 4 '' x 2 1 8 '' ( big enough to hold a ream of paper , although we have never used it for that -- the drawer might be rather flimsy for heavy use )
18 '' by 18 '' . works perfect for our hp printer .
i 'm not sure , table is solid but it depends on the size of your printer and how much it overhangs .
i ordered this printer stand almost a year ago and i had to return this item because it arrived broken . sorry
i have a canon printer , works beautifully in it , do not know on the pixma470
i have the canon pixma mp210 . so i do n't know what the big difference would be . i have excellent results with the ink cartridges 30 & 31. maybe they were not inserted properly . try again .
if you cut cardstock but are not overly thick
hi , i 've had my cutter for almost 2 years now and the one i got was a little different than what was pictured and i assumed that it was just updated . many times a manufacturer will make changes during production if they find a way to improve their product . i love my cutter and have replaced the cutting strip and wheels twice now .
i only cut paper but as i have noticed the more paper you try to cut through the harder it is to cut , so i would say it may but it would really dull your cutting blade w just a couple of cuts so i would have to say it is not a good idea . this is sleepersteve
hi jennifer , the cover over the cutting wheel does click down but it lifts slightly off from the 'bottom ' so it does n't contact the surface of the material that you want to cut until you press down on it . it definitely clicks and to lift the outer cover , you have to press the orange slide button and then the whole thing lifts up . the cutting tool slips into a slot in that outer cover once you lift it up . hope i was some help ! regards , dominick
yes , you would need a scoring blade rather than the cutting blade . blades are easy to change for different projects .
not really . i do n't like the rotary trimmer .
i 'm pretty sure that it can not be removed ( it does n't come off on my version of this cutter ) . i know several years ago fiskars made a smaller model that worked better for small papers and it did not have the plastic guide . i do n't know if they are still making it or not though .
no
around 15 inch
its a metal chain link . been using mine daily almost 1.5 years without breaking .
it comes just as seen . but i will say mine broke within 2 weeks . i work as security and used it daily for key card access . i was disappointed
chain
it is a metal chain . possibly aluminum .
yes it does come with the key ring .
neither , it is a chain . the whole thing is pretty hefty and solid , heavy duty including the chain . but the chain is only about 18 '' long . in my opinion , not long enough .
the clip is make of metal . it is very strong and will stay so snug on your belt that it takes some effort to slide it on and off .
it does not lie flat . i find i have to hold it open to write in it .
which is to say it has 128 sheets giving you 256 pages if you write on both sides .
it has a soft , flexible , leathery cover . so , in between ? the cover is protective and not papery , if that helps .
no
no , but the pages are lined .
yes ! i put a dot on a page with a permanent magic marker and it went right through .
ivory or `` almond '' .
i have comcast digital and have no problems with my cortelco wall phone .
the dsl filters work best at the network interface , i have 5 lines and use one filter and it works fine with this phone and all the others .
no .
the cortelco single line wall telephone that i bought is approximately 3.5 inches wide at the bottom and 4 inches wide at the top . the base on which it hooks is 3 inches wide and sets out from the wall approximately one inch . mine works fine and replaced an original from over 30 years ago . that one replaced a rotary , which , i believe , had the same base , so i would make a wild assumptive guess that the bases may be standard in the u.s..
taupe , khaki , and putty all describe the color of the phone .
no , it does not , other than the cord connecting the body to the handset . it is made to be directly plugged into the wall jack .
i wasted my money buying this phone , your lucky the phone worked for you because it never worked for me and i gave it to a friend at work and it never worked for her ! this phone is crap !
yes it does
do n't buy it that 's the only answer i have for u
it is straightforward but you are limited in terms of characters for naming items , i had to heavily abbreviate mine . hope this helps !
i believe you hit amount tender again .
hp 74 black and white and hp75 color
i had to upgrade to the next closest model when my old printer died , but this one is very similar . if you lift the lid , there should be a black handle on the large plastic piece that hold down the paper near the back . lift that , and release the paper that is jammed . then make sure to clearly press the black piece in place again , and it should work fine . your manual should clear up any questions as well . good luck !
i 'd guess without . sheet sensors are for the ends of the sheet . transparency film is just like paper on them .
i lost the drivers for my 4280 but downloaded a scan program . it is paperscan2 free edition . it has the drivers that are compatible withthe hp 4280 all in one to be able to scan . this prgram allows you to scan up 10 pages per session , good luck
it could be that the cartridge is not pushed down all the way . if that does n't work , try making sure there is nothing stuck in or on the track the cartridges slide on . if all else fails , check your power cord connections , and make sure your cartridge door is down all the way .
yes
i dont see why not
this is the worst piece of junk i have ever spent money on . i just threw mine away because donating it would only cause hardship to whomever i gave it to .
i am sorry that i do n't know , as i never used it for making prints of photos , just regular text printing . i would assume that there is a manual ? if not , maybe you could search a forum online to help . good luck .
it is bigger than 15 x 13. mine is at school . i have a large white board and it covers the full length from top to bottom ( maybe 3 feet ) and about 2 feet across . i can measure it tomorrow when i go in and send the actual dimensions .
not in spanish , but there are a lot of blank cards and the backs are blank so you can write your own if you wanted . it is all english though .
a stand does not come with the calendar . it is a sturdy calendar that holds its form . i have my calendar hung with tacks into a picture bracket bar .
the numbers are 2.5x2.5 the month and year are 2.5x5 , its pretty big . my kids love it
do you mean , up to which year are made the cards from the calendar of ?
number cards are double sided red and black . the rest are very colurful and my children are in love with this product
it starts with 2009 end with 2019
yes it does .
the equivalent button is x10^n
yes . while they have allowed different types this is the one they provide in the drop down .
scientific calculator . you cant graph on it
instructions came with mine , though the teacher is showing the kids how to use it .
yes , that is the model ( an not other ) required for the ged test .
yes of course , you can use the arrow keys and the delete button , this prevents you from having to enter the calculation again .
it would probably be very tight , at best . i found it hard to pack a standard dvd case ( 5 3 8 x 7 1 2 x 1 2 ) in one of these and if there were any differences ( thicker for 2 or 3 discs or a slip cover ) nigh on to impossible . i found that you can get # 1s from a couple of different suppliers ( on amazon ) for less per unit ( buying in boxes of 100 ) and they are much easier to pack ( thinking about it i 'm going to have to order another box today ) it raises the shipping weight by less than 1 4 oz which makes it negligible .
yes
the envelope is only 1 4 inches thick 6 x 9 inches in size . they are great envelopes and are not too thick . but if you get a larger envelope it could be thicker . my scotch product number is cat.7913 and it is szie 0
the ergo rest is very adjustable . i believe it can accommodate a wide range of arm-lengths . i use it with my wacom tablets , however , i imagine it could support any sort of mouse or keyboard use . it attaches to a table or desk , so the height or adjust-ability of your chair is key . i hope this answer helps .
judging from the images they are the same . one website lists the 016 as the `` standard color '' while the 026 is the black color
if you are meaning your desk is 1 foot thick on the deck then the answer is no
yes ! it provides amazing forearm support !
sits flush with desk level , does n't go lower at all.can go 2-3 inches higher than desk level with the locking screw at the bottom .
the center of the armrest 'cup ' can only extend about 5 inches over the edge of the desk . it 's plenty for elbow movement when using a mouse or keyboard within 12 '' of front edge of desk .
no . but you would n't want to . i 've been using this device for over 6 years , and it 's the movement that makes it so comfortable , practical , and invaluable to the ergonomic health of your arms and shoulders .
i do n't know that width is part of the formula . they clamp to a desktop up to 1 1 4 '' thick . they swing in an 11 1 2 '' arc . hope that helps .
if you lower the arm rest all the way , on the one i have , the bottom of the padded , cushioned , trough like surface , is about 1 8 inch higher than the desk top . when your forearm presses down on the cushioned padding it will be just about exactly at the same level as the desk top . this is the lowest adjustment . you can only go higher from there .
only 1 ( but worth getting 2 ! )
i do n't know that width is part of the formula . they clamp to a desktop up to 1 1 4 '' thick . they swing in an 11 1 2 '' arc . hope that helps .
no . but you would n't want to . i 've been using this device for over 6 years , and it 's the movement that makes it so comfortable , practical , and invaluable to the ergonomic health of your arms and shoulders .
the center of the armrest 'cup ' can only extend about 5 inches over the edge of the desk . it 's plenty for elbow movement when using a mouse or keyboard within 12 '' of front edge of desk .
judging from the images they are the same . one website lists the 016 as the `` standard color '' while the 026 is the black color
the ergo rest is very adjustable . i believe it can accommodate a wide range of arm-lengths . i use it with my wacom tablets , however , i imagine it could support any sort of mouse or keyboard use . it attaches to a table or desk , so the height or adjust-ability of your chair is key . i hope this answer helps .
yes ! it provides amazing forearm support !
if you are meaning your desk is 1 foot thick on the deck then the answer is no
only 1 ( but worth getting 2 ! )
sits flush with desk level , does n't go lower at all.can go 2-3 inches higher than desk level with the locking screw at the bottom .
if you lower the arm rest all the way , on the one i have , the bottom of the padded , cushioned , trough like surface , is about 1 8 inch higher than the desk top . when your forearm presses down on the cushioned padding it will be just about exactly at the same level as the desk top . this is the lowest adjustment . you can only go higher from there .
20 inches .
roughly 5'x6 ' shipping box chair comes in about 5 pieces 's
just measured mine at 22 ''
seems not
think it was 400. i know my husband is 320 and it works great for him both at work and home .
i would say 20-30 %
they are padded . it 's a great chair with a deep seat , which is a huge plus for me .
the square where you write the date is 1 2 '' x 1 2 '' . the entire square is 2 '' x 1 3 4 ''
no , i believe it 's too heavy . it 's intended for a wall or something you can hammer in nails screws to attach .
of course ...
if you take a phillips screwdriver and remove the corner pieces you can go an get 4 to 6 command strips and that works perfectly .
no , the squares are there permanently .
it erases extremely well and does n't stain ...
23 '' is the width
yes , most certainly ! i believe the calendar comes with some magnetic tape stickies that you can use . if it does n't , magnetic tape is available for purchase at almost any crafts store .
the magnets are not attached when it arrives , so you could put a picture hook on the back and hang it that way , i think .
they each measure 1-13 18 '' x 1-5 8 ''
yes ; it comes with four flat , rectangular magnets -- one for each corner . i 've had my calendar for several months and have really enjoyed it on the front of my fridge . it does n't slip and slide around when you write on it either . i would recommend this board to my family and friends .
it is made in china . i will say its very well made but if you will not buy from china ten this is not the product for you .
i checked out on amazon , and there 're at least 3 different listings - they should all be the same , so the price is whether it 's from amazon directly , fulfilled by amazon or an external vendor . i 'd just go with the lowest cost one , through amazon .
yes , the cube root function is the shift function of the + - button . alternatively , the x^y button can be used with a fraction to give cube roots ( and others ) .
there is no holster with the calculator . there is merely a reversible hard plastic protective cover that slides completely off of the face of the calculator . the cover can then slip onto the back of the calculator to keep it out of the way during use , and to ( hopefully ) prevent the cover from becoming separated and lost . i hope this answers your question . randy in tacoma .
no batteries needed . just some light . my desk light keeps it going .
battery what ?
from what i know ( and that 's not saying much ) , the comp mode is the default mode for normal calculations for the casio fx-260solar . there is no `` comp '' displayed in the window . it allows you to use deg , rad and gra for angular measurements . if you are in sd mode , a mode 0 will bring you back to comp mode . if you are in sci or fix modes , mode 9 brings you back to mode norm , which is similar to the comp mode .
no off button
it has one line .
yes
15 pounds , or so .
it does n't matter . all the sides have brackets to go either way .
powered from any usb port - no other batteries or wires involved .
i believe the software is required
yes it can.in the settings ( lower right corner of your screen ) find the icon and click to open ... then select legal for the document size.you can also set the resolution ... higher for more detail , lower to save space . experiment ... i 'm using it for receipts ... so 75dpi works for me .
the one i bought never worked right , it would not feed the document through . i threw it away . and got a thing called cam scanner for my android phone . it 's the only scanner i 've needed in 4 years . no need for windows and it does ocr and allows me to save as pdf so i can do whatever i want with it all from my phone or tablet .
i do n't think so i returned mine because it would not work with windows 7 the way i wanted it to .
i would not waste your money on it . the software is awful and never has worked the way it should .
you mean on the same page ?
yes to photo id and it is a single page at a time
no metallic gold ink ... 21 cc or .71 fl . oz .
this is a medium to high grade ink for any type of pen with nibs . stains the skin permanently so use an ink blotter . the colors are amazing and i can post a drawing when i get back from vacation if you want to see the vibrancy .
yes , i am using it with my fountain pen . the inks are beautiful .
yes . that is the purpose .
black , gray , maroon , lt green , crimson , blood red , lavender , dk purple , forest green , orange , yellow & turquoise .
it is about 3 4 '' thick , or if you are metrically inclined , 190mm . : )
yes they are lined on both sides . the lines look pretty much exactly like in the picture , so kind of medium . maybe a touch darker than loose leaf paper .
it is paperback .
glued on ... really well ! excellent quality .
yes , it will fit , a little snug , but it does fit . personally i do not like the way the binding is so tight , makes for difficult writing . plus there is no ribbon for a page marker . more than you asked for , but i thought you might like to know . i would not buy another one .
the package i received consist d of 2 refills . worth every penny .
i should just slip out of your journal . then you can slip in the new refill pages .
i do n't sell anything . i 'm a consumer . there are refills for your size journal . i do n't know where you bought that journal cover , but the one that fits the one i bought is eccolo journal refill , 256 lined premium gilded pages , for 6x8 '' journals , measures 5 '' x 7 1 4 '' check jenni bick online . she should have refills to fit your journal cover .
i believe it 's 250 pages ( taking into account both sides of the page )
no you can not write on them with anything .
they are magnetic . we use them in our preschool classroom for the kids to use with magnetic alphabet letters .
i love them . they work great . i use for word families . i think you will be well pleased .
no . it folds flat and can stand up in a triangular shape . there are no holes or grommets .
the tabletop pocket chart is 12 '' wide and will hold cards that are 2 1 2 '' tall . there are five pockets and a 7.25 '' card will take up three of those pockets . i hope this helps .
hello celena , the pocket chart does not come with english or spanish cards . you would need to buy those separately and put them into the plastic pockets on the chart . any size cards will work . have a good day ! hola celena , el gráfico de bolsillo no viene con las tarjetas de inglés o español . usted tendría que comprar aquellos por separado y ponerlas en las bolsas de plástico en el gráfico . todas las cartas de tamaño funcionarán . que tengas un buen día !
long rows
no , it is just the chart .
this is only the actual stand . it can hold small cards or long strips . it does n't come with any cards
no , it does n't
ti nspire cas
this calculator is a ti nspire cas clickpad , not is ti nspire cas+ , good day
when we got ours last year , yes it did .
i do not believe it does . in my experience , i did n't need the full color display .
it will . however , do n't forget that if you'e punching thick photo album pages , you do one a the time . i have had this machine close to two years now and it handled admirably all sorts of misuses and abuses . really good product .
sure can !
you can use different sized binders . there is a guide so the edges would be even . i love it and used it to make over 100 cookbooks for our family reunion .
it is not . it binds with combs .
no it can actually use different sizes depending on your purpose . it uses 1 4 size if the booklet that is being created is thin with fewer sheets or it can use larger depending on the amount of sheets being used .
it should do a4 . i laminated the cover sheets for the books i made and it has an adjustment for larger size items like covers or a4 paper .
yes , good for combs up to 2 '' . seems pretty rugged , should be good for high volume use . have not own it too long to fully appreciate yet . no problems ! easy to use .
no
110
you put the comb on and open it . then punch the first set of pages and put them on the comb , repeat with next set of pages . you have to put the pages on the comb but you can do it as you go . hope that helps : ) btw i love this comb binder .
yes , it can . there is a dial - not great , but it works - that changes the length of the page .
my machine came with a small manual and a set of about a dozen combs . you have to buy the combs separately , and you choose the size to accommodate the appropriate number of pages . i have three sizes , one to accommodate 20 pages ; one for 100 pages ; and one for 200 pages . they come 100 combs to a pack , and they 're very reasonably priced through amazon where i got both my machine and my supplies . and the machine i bought is a breeze to use .
the product it 's on your lap nicely and conforms to your legs to very stable typing platform
i actually use it for my desktop keyboard . and a mini desk with mouse and pens pencils . so i ca n't answer your question .
yes
no , but there 's more than enough room for a mouse
no . the picture shows the different color options for the cloth padding . it 's a great product . i use mine every day .
18 3 4 x 14 1 2 and cushions are 2 '' thick
there is no slot .
i use it for eating , reading books and my laptop ... works fine ... but no bar at the bottom to stop it . i use the rubber shelf paper from 99cents store to stop things from sliding off..works great . there is a clamp on the side to hold the rubber nonstick paper in place . have used these like this for many years .
it does not slide around while using the laptop but when moving the lapdesk the computer does slide and could fall . when in use it is pretty stable . there is also no room for a mouse to move around if not using a finger mouse on a laptop .
pretty sure it is a 110v
**********i do n't recommend doing this because it 's probably a fire hazard . **********yes , read my review . in summary i used olive oil because that 's all i had lying around and two years later it 's still working as a beauty ! i think i poured some olive oil through the hole at the top then on another occasion rub olive oil over paper and fed it through the machine . definitely not what you 're supposed to do but it worked a treat . **********i do n't recommend doing this because it 's probably a fire hazard . **********
i do n't shred more than 5-6 pages at a time . works best this way .
small staples never were an issue , but larger ones and paper clips should be avoided .
the aurora as890c is a cross-cut shredder which is more secure than regular cut .
yes but it is aurora as680s professional light duty strip cut paper shredder without wastebasketand i think it 's like 24 bucks with shipping . 6 sheet cutting . i hope this helps ...
1 4 of an inch
i 'm not sure what i 've done with the manual at the moment , but i went ahead and ran a section through the shredder . worked fine .
no , it was not advertised to be able to so , due to plastic parts in shredder i found when mine broke , i would not try it .
120volts , 220yolts is a hazzard .
i know the picture does n't show an electrical cord attached to this model , but `` yes '' it is electric , and i highly recommend it , as i own one and it works great !
i ran it in reverse . otherwise my husband took it apart and it worked for a little while . then i bought this new one . i see there should be oil on a piece of paper every once in a while . i just learned that . i found a nice on the internet after i bought this one for about the same price and does the same thing at either walmart or meijer .
aurora warrants the cutting cylinders of the machine against defects of workmanship and material for 3 years from the original purchase date to the original consumer . aurora warrants all other parts of the machine against defects for a period of 1 year from the original purchase date to the original consumer .
the unit does run for just a bit ( 1 second or so ) after the documents are inhaled . common sense tells me that this is purposely and a good thing so that the item is shredded thoroughly and passes through the entire shredding area without leaving debris stuck in its teeth . take it as a positive !
the run time to shred something is about 3-4 seconds plus 1 more second of overhead for the device to make sure everything has gone through . if you are talking about how long it lasts , this is it 's second year of service for me and it does not show signs of wear .
yes it is relatively quiet .
yes
yes , you can adjust the ringer volume control . if you look at the photo included with my question from amazon , you can see a small red object protruding from the upper right side of the phone ; that is the ringer volume control . we ordered it because we wanted a loud ringer but when you set it to the loudest volume , it vibrated so hard that the bell kinda thuds instead of ringing , so we set the ringer volume lower and it works fine . the listening volume control is on the handset basically where your fingers grip the receiver .
i can only state that it 's a standard telephone jack , do n't know about the numbers
4and3 8 inches at the widest . the body of the phone is 4 inches but because it hasa control lever for the ringer volume that bumps the width up .
either or- adapted for both configurations
mine never worked long-enough to have that issue .
yes . it says its capacity is 149kg also .
it is a couple ounces off
yes
no
rich , yes there is . i have done it once , but so far it has n't needed to be done very often .
you may have to contact amazon or the manufacturer for warranty info . i do n't recall if i purchased additional or not .
yes
pretty much ... it says 4×8 but to me it 's all the same . when i got these i bought them over the price being right !
yes it is
white ... ... ... ...
no not at all ... they do n't seem to dry very fast on gloss and they smudge very easily . great on paper because they do n't bleed though .
it does n't when i write with them .
i ordered these pens about a month ago and they still are working . i am a college student so i take all my notes using these pens . i dont have an exact time but they are amazinggg
they are not waterproof in my experience unfortunately . no idea if they can be used with watercolors but if you 're writing on something wet they probably wo n't do well .
if you press too hard perhaps but moderate regular use does n't wear down tips . they are much sturdier than the papermate flair ultrafine pens .
these are a more fine tip and thinner pen all around but still works beautifully .
they are porous and i love them . i use them for my grade book
it does not . but , i will wait few seconds before u put your hand on it .
it looks exactly like it is pictured silver and black .
no this phone can not mount to wall
it can be .
yes , you do need the base for this to work . this is just the handset accessory for the expandable cordless . i hope this helps !
nope . regular buttons .
larger than many other cordless phones but i would n't say `` extra large ''
yes
no
you can point to the screen , depending how far you are from it . but this is a good pointer !
from the http : www.tripplite.com sku pr-pro3 faq : each remote to work independently ( ie a classroom environment ) and you do n't want them to control each other 's computer , you will need to the id on at least on remote control . to do this , please do the following : 1. connect your receiver to your usb port . 2. press the connect button the receiver . the receiver 's light will turn on . 3. on the remote control , simultaneously press in on the composite switch ( black 'wheel ' on side of remote ) and hold the laser pointer button until the status red light on the remote control blinks slowly . if your usb receiver blinks at the same time , your remote and receiver are paired . your remote now has a new id and the receiver is listening to the new id . repeat these steps for every remote you have in the same area . from the http : www.tripplite.com sku pr-pro3 faq : each remote to work independently ( ie a classroom environment ) and you do n't want them to control each other 's computer , you will need to the id on at least on remote control . to do this , please do the following : 1. connect your receiver to your usb port . 2. press the connect button the receiver . the receiver 's light will turn on . 3. on the remote control , simultaneously press in on the composite switch ( black 'wheel ' on side of remote ) and hold the laser pointer button until the status red light on the remote control blinks slowly . if your ... » read more from the http : www.tripplite.com sku pr-pro3 faq : each remote to work independently ( ie a classroom environment ) and you do n't want them to control each other 's computer , you will need to the id on at least on remote control . to do this , please do the following : 1. connect your receiver to your usb port . 2. press the connect button the receiver . the receiver 's light will turn on . 3. on the remote control , simultaneously press in on the composite switch ( black 'wheel ' on side of remote ) and hold the laser pointer button until the status red light on the remote control blinks slowly . if your usb receiver blinks at the same time , your remote and receiver are paired . your remote now has a new id and the receiver is listening to the new id . repeat these steps for every remote you have in the same area . « show less
yes it has a red laser with good range too .
yes ! i was surprised to see that it worked with my smart notebook slideshows ... like a charm . i have the most recent version of smart notebook with my smart board . i absolutely love this device for teaching !
i can not answer that because i have a mac but it has worked flawlessly with my mac . just plug in the usb and push the buttons . really preforms well .
you can set them with different frequencies so yes you can control two different presentations in the same room .
absolutely ! this is an awesome remote . the signal is so strong you can point the it in any direction and it 'll advance slides . only problem i 've ever run into was when a presenter in a session next door had the same remote and , whenever he clicked , it advanced my slides ! ( that was about 5 years ago , though , and it has n't happened since . )
once you get used to the mouse nub , you can keep the pointer where you need it on the video controls .
i have done two presentations where i had links to videos on youtube that i wanted to show to illustrate my points . in both occassions , as long as i was connected to the internet , the remote clicked on the link and was able to allow me to move right to the video . i really love this remote and the only thing that took me some time to manage was the sensitivity of the mouse . once i started practicing with it , i am very comfortable with it now . it 's my `` go to '' remote when i 'm presenting !
absolutely . no problems .
definitely not a genuine brother drum unit , despite the box shown in the picture . the vendor 's misleading you and other purchasers with this .
no , this is not a genuine brother replacement part . the vendor tricked me with a brother box in pic , but i will never buy from this vendor again .
the toner cartridges are separate .
as amazon 's product description says : `` product dimensions : 12.3 x 13.2 inches '' . the bottom part is 1-5 8 '' high ( it has round feet ) , and each of the two `` layers '' you can stack on it are 1-1 8 '' high .
it is hard plastic that can fully support the weight of a monitor .
4 inches with all the stack-able pieces , 2¾ with one add-on , 1¼ with just the top platform
i have a 22 '' monitor on it with no issues . but not sure what crt tv is or how heavy ?
yes they can . it 's pretty convenient , and they appear to be sturdy .
my pen is all chrome . good quality too . has held up well ...
no
it is just like the photo . i had this pen in the 1960 's and it is the exactly the same . however , i am not sure what you mean `` wood crew style knurling '' ?
ca n't say about the grease , but the company does state that this pen is suitable for use underwater . i have n't tried it out myself though .
the standard `` space pen '' refills will work in this one just fine . the refill itself actually has re-ordering instructions printed on the side of it , believe it or not !
suggest your local trophy shop or jeweler . i do n't recall engraving being an option through amazon for this item .
about 1-3 8 '' x 1-1 4 ''
indeed . this is . however , this may be a much larger bag then what you 're needing . but you never can have too much of a good thing though ... . hope that helps .
i doubt it . it 's like a heavy duty plastic . if was biodegradable it would deteriorate doing its job of holding water .
you can not they make them that way . you need both color and black ink even if you print just black .
no dont buy , waste of money and eats ink .
10c 10b
i am sorry , i was so disappointed with the 5300 and kodak 's response i gave it away and bought an hp
that depends on what computer you are using . if you are using an apple computer get rid of the 5300 , kodak promised to develop support for the apple computers and they never did . they only work with windows machines that is why i gave my 5300 away and switched to a hp . kodak does not keep their promises .
no nice feature though is you can crop scans
i never got the thing to work so i do n't know .
i checked the packaging and it does n't indicate so but there are some instructions in arabic so i would assume it can read arabic .
been to long i do n't remember . if there is use it . the pen made lots of mistakes .
i bought this product and did small tests . worked fine in my tests . i hope it helped you .
if you are buying this software from amazon , fm will accept key .
you may wish to checkout this webpage : http : help.filemaker.com app answers detail a_id 12643 ~ filemaker-11-and-earlier-versions , -os-x-mavericks-compatibility
9 `` x 8 '' wide
yes , you can place a call using hands free method . just push speaker button to turn on and dial your call .
no , it does n't .
yes , it does have a speakerphone function , though honestly , i only use it in headset mode .
you have to program the separate voice mail number into your phone from the menu . after it is programmed and you have messages waiting ( light will flash on phone when there are messages waiting ) , just press the voice mail button to listen to messages . the voice mail button keeps you from having to dial a separate voice mail number each time you want to check your messages .
the only answer to your question that i have found is in the setup instructions under [ ringer volume ] - see # 8 below : after the adapter is connected , the display will show as indicated below for setting.1 . [ select language ] appears on the display . press review up to select the language . eng - english , esp - spanish , fre - french , and then press menu to confirm the selection.2 . when [ stutter tone ] appears , the default setting is `` yes '' . to toggle stutter tone , press 1 for yes or 2 for no . press menu to confirm selection.3 . when [ enter area code ] appears , enter the desired area code using the keypad . use review up and review down to skip a digit . press menu to confirm area code . follow the same procedure for both area code settings . to leave an area code blank , press menu without entering digits.4 . when [ set lds code ] appears , enter the desired lds code using the keypad . press menu to confirm the selection.5 . when [ edit time & date ] appears , enter the time using the keypad . if the time is am , press review up since this is the default value . if the time is pm , press review down and then press review up . press menu to confirm the settings . example : to enter 8:35 am , enter 0835 and then press review up to skip to the date because the time is am by default.6 . when [ flash timer ( ms ) ] appears , press review up to toggle between 600ms , 100 ms , and 300ms . after selecting the desired flash time , press menu to confirm selection.7 . when [ ringer cadence ] appears , the default setting is 3. to alter this setting , press review up . there are 10 ringer cadences and each one will be played as you scroll through them . after the desired ringer cadence is displayed , press menu to confirm selection.8 . when [ ringer volume ] appears , the default setting is 5. to alter the ringer volume , press review up . there are 7 ringer volume levels and each one will be played as you scroll through them . to turn the ringer off , select [ off ] in the menu . after the desired ringer volume level is displayed , press menu to confirm selection . the only answer to your question that i have found is in the setup instructions under [ ringer volume ] - see # 8 below : after the adapter is connected , the display will show as indicated below for setting.1 . [ select language ] appears on the display . press review up to select the language . eng - english , esp - spanish , fre - french , and then press menu to confirm the selection.2 . when [ stutter tone ] appears , the default setting is `` yes '' . to toggle stutter tone , press 1 for yes or 2 for no . press menu to confirm selection.3 . when [ enter area code ] appears , enter ... » read more the only answer to your question that i have found is in the setup instructions under [ ringer volume ] - see # 8 below : after the adapter is connected , the display will show as indicated below for setting.1 . [ select language ] appears on the display . press review up to select the language . eng - english , esp - spanish , fre - french , and then press menu to confirm the selection.2 . when [ stutter tone ] appears , the default setting is `` yes '' . to toggle stutter tone , press 1 for yes or 2 for no . press menu to confirm selection.3 . when [ enter area code ] appears , enter the desired area code using the keypad . use review up and review down to skip a digit . press menu to confirm area code . follow the same procedure for both area code settings . to leave an area code blank , press menu without entering digits.4 . when [ set lds code ] appears , enter the desired lds code using the keypad . press menu to confirm the selection.5 . when [ edit time & date ] appears , enter the time using the keypad . if the time is am , press review up since this is the default value . if the time is pm , press review down and then press review up . press menu to confirm the settings . example : to enter 8:35 am , enter 0835 and then press review up to skip to the date because the time is am by default.6 . when [ flash timer ( ms ) ] appears , press review up to toggle between 600ms , 100 ms , and 300ms . after selecting the desired flash time , press menu to confirm selection.7 . when [ ringer cadence ] appears , the default setting is 3. to alter this setting , press review up . there are 10 ringer cadences and each one will be played as you scroll through them . after the desired ringer cadence is displayed , press menu to confirm selection.8 . when [ ringer volume ] appears , the default setting is 5. to alter the ringer volume , press review up . there are 7 ringer volume levels and each one will be played as you scroll through them . to turn the ringer off , select [ off ] in the menu . after the desired ringer volume level is displayed , press menu to confirm selection . « show less
the telephone can use either a 2.5 mm cell phone-style headset or an rj type headset ( per the manual ) . i have n't used a headset with the phone , at least not yet .
yes , it has time value of money . it is not specifically a financial calculator , but it is a programmable one , so you could always program for any financial function . best bet is to download the user 's manual from hp ; should be available free .
all i can say is that mine had blue yellow .
the calculator does not have polar to rectangular functions , but ... you can set the display to display complex numbers as either polar or rectangularthen just enter the number in the other modeexample : set display to rectangular then enter 5angle60 and it will display 2.5000i4.3301or set the display to polar then enter 3i4 and it will display 5.000angle53.1301in some ways this is even easier to use than polar to rectangular conversions and in some ways it is less convenient.in rectangular mode , normal numbers are displayed normally . pi is displayed as 3.1416 , not 3.1416i0.0000i hope this helps.mark the calculator does not have polar to rectangular functions , but ... you can set the display to display complex numbers as either polar or rectangularthen just enter the number in the other modeexample : set display to rectangular then enter 5angle60 and it will display 2.5000i4.3301or set the display to polar then enter 3i4 and it will display 5.000angle53.1301in some ways this is even easier to use than polar to rectangular conversions and in some ways it is less convenient.in rectangular mode , normal numbers are displayed normally . pi is displayed as ... » read more the calculator does not have polar to rectangular functions , but ... you can set the display to display complex numbers as either polar or rectangularthen just enter the number in the other modeexample : set display to rectangular then enter 5angle60 and it will display 2.5000i4.3301or set the display to polar then enter 3i4 and it will display 5.000angle53.1301in some ways this is even easier to use than polar to rectangular conversions and in some ways it is less convenient.in rectangular mode , normal numbers are displayed normally . pi is displayed as 3.1416 , not 3.1416i0.0000i hope this helps.mark « show less
two cr2032 . i have no idea as to life expectancy .
yes that 's why i bought it
yes , it does . it is a padded open-ended pouch that the calculator just slides into .
mine has blue and yellow keys . maybe a bad picture eh ?
if you mean unit conversion , yes , it has basic unit conversion . enter the number in the base unit and using a second function ( blue gold , ) press the unit you want to convert to . e.g . for 50 feet to m , type in [ 50 ] [ second ] [ > m ] . units are quite limited and you can use eng < > to change bases in metric.hope this helps , eric
yes
yes . the 35s can store many equations . there is 30 kb of user memory available . the problem is that once the equations are stored , there is no way to backup memory to a computer or disk storage . you will need to write the equations down on paper and key them in again if the memory is lost or reset .
these are $ 379 at staples , not including a $ 25 coupon if they deliver it to your home or business ( free ) less $ 50 for a trade-in of an old printer . total cost = $ 304 plus tax . how amazon is at $ 520 for this is beyond me .
how long have you had each printer ? have you performed any maintenance to try to get rid of the dots ? post more details ... .
mine is at 15,000 and still going strong .
my wife 's does not . she got hers about two months ago .
there are diary pages listed by month .
this is a day timer binder and has 1-inch rings . for me , a smaller ring size does not allow me to keep needed forms and such in the binder . the binder itself is sturdy , too . i still have mine after ten plus years .
i suppose you could , i intend to , but there are an awful lot of pages for planning and few for names and addresses .
3 4 inches
good morning shane : as you open the organizer , there is a full length opening on the right side . ( this may give you some idea ) i carry my two check books , occasionally i have to tip people like hair dresser etc . with a check ) the check books slide in , side by side , nice and snug with room left over at the bottom ; however , it but can be a struggle to get out if i push them too far down . the slot is large but will not hold anything very thick . i do not think your ipad mini would be too thick . also on the front side is a vertical half pocket sleeve . hope this helps . fyi . i do not remember when i purchased my organizer , but i left a review on amazon under the name a crowell , national health care and consumer advocates good morning shane : as you open the organizer , there is a full length opening on the right side . ( this may give you some idea ) i carry my two check books , occasionally i have to tip people like hair dresser etc . with a check ) the check books slide in , side by side , nice and snug with room left over at the bottom ; however , it but can be a struggle to get out if i push them too far down . the slot is large but will not hold anything very thick . i do not think your ipad mini would be too thick . also on the front side is a vertical half pocket sleeve . hope this helps . fyi . i do not ... » read more good morning shane : as you open the organizer , there is a full length opening on the right side . ( this may give you some idea ) i carry my two check books , occasionally i have to tip people like hair dresser etc . with a check ) the check books slide in , side by side , nice and snug with room left over at the bottom ; however , it but can be a struggle to get out if i push them too far down . the slot is large but will not hold anything very thick . i do not think your ipad mini would be too thick . also on the front side is a vertical half pocket sleeve . hope this helps . fyi . i do not remember when i purchased my organizer , but i left a review on amazon under the name a crowell , national health care and consumer advocates « show less
pick up your skirt and run !
no fingerprints and i 4 children .
i think it was 250 lbs
i would think so . i use my chair at a computer desk and the seat goes up and down .
the seat height on our stool ranges from about 20 '' to about 24 '' . we like the stool very much .
250lbs according to manufacturer website
it 's 19 inches . i have been using this in my kitchen with narrow passage between cabinets , i am happy it 's this width . let me assure you that the placement of the wheels prevents any tipping , plus , it is very sturdy . i weigh about 180 and am very comfortable on the seat . as with any rolling stool , make sure when you get on to back it up against a cabinet and hold on to the back handle ; it is an easy roller . it also has an adjustable handle to raise the seat . i love it . i am sitting on it right now as i type this message on a kitchen counter top . good luck .
hi , yes it 's more of an aluminum . i use my chair all day every day , and bought it about 6 months ago . it has some scuffs on the legs near the wheels . i love this chair.. it 's comfortable , light , easy to assemble and rolls easily on my carpeted area . people are always asking about it.. so handy !
the diameter measures 14 inches . the seat is round , padded , approximately 1 inch thick . hope this is helpful .
do n't know exactly . i am petite and i can lift it easily with one hand.lighter than a kitchen chair and sturdy . rolls smoothly with minimal effort . never tips . it rolls me all over my kitchen when i have a long dinner to prepare . adjusts to height . i bought two , one fore my hobbie room too .
i do not think it would be comfortable for hours . it is not thick enough . you might want to upgrade . also i would recommend a stool with the ring around the bottom to rest your feet on .
23 inches
no , the rollers do not lock , but that has n't been a problem .
14-15 inches
it 's about 24 inches in length from wheel to wheel .
seat height : 17 - 21 '' h
that 's the range of height of which it is capable . you can raise and lower the seat .
measuring from floor to top of the cushion is 20 inches .
18 inches . overall it is small .
yes , the wheels come out easily .
fits my butt . adjusts up and down . rolls nicely . place to put feet . does not , however , serve espresso .
i think you 'd be fine with these casters no matter what you were on !
it will adjust from 17 to 21 inches .
if my memory serves me correctly it was 300 lbs limit . i look because i am 270 and it is fine for me .
it 's a great stool . happy with my purchase . the height adjusts from 17.5 inches to 21.5 inches .
i just measured mine - the base itself is 18 '' across ; when a caster is rotated outwards , it sticks out 1 '' from the base , so you can figure out the width from that . ( there would n't be a time when casters on opposite sides would both stick out . ) hope this helps . mine is still in good shape after one year ; i just wish it was a few inches taller .
yes , it swivels easily and also rolls easily . we have it on a tile floor and it works great .
yes , the seat rotates independently from the base .
yes
yes . it will .
the same erasers fit .3-.9 mm pentel mechanical pencils - and probably more sizes
no there is no cover , once you 've lost that for your pencil , you are pretty much on your own . these are just the eraser stuck inside the metal holder for refilling .
yes
yes that is exactly what i bought it for : )
yes , the 5 1 2 '' x 8 1 2 '' size is correct . it is simply a letter sized paper with a score down the middle to fold in half . we do have the same product available in the 5 '' x 7 '' size . it can be found under asin b000uapg5y
no but amazon sells several types of the half fold envelopes
yes , how many would you like ?
i have not printed photographs on this card paper . i have only used it for greeting cards . i find the quality is the same on both sides .
no , there are no envelopes included .
no , i ordered these and they are perfect ! columbian invitation envelopes , a9 , grip-seal , 5.75 x 8.75 inch , white , 100 per box ( co468 )
no , they are not perforated . just a slight indentation to help it fold . i think i saw other products from this same company . you may find what you want in their line of products .
i bought some 80lb white half fold greeting card paper and it works great but it does not have a glossy finish . it is a matte type finish .
i use my xerox phaser 6140 to print these cards and they come out very nicely , if i 'm using xerox toner . : )
i do n't know it official rating , but i ca n't imaginie it would last more than a few minutes in a real blaze . this is great for making change , but i would n't use it for long term storage
no , it opens from the top .
there is room but not a lot . a fairly narrow spined ledger book will fit as will a few sheets of paper if that is what you have as an inventory sheet . probably anything up to about 3 8 `` i hope this is helpful to you .
hi franny , the box is completely plain , which i like . no logos , etc . cheers , roger
there might be some spillage but i have not any real issues . i store some change in it but place in small bags for long term .
it stays propped open . i like this in that only those taking money or making change can access the drawer .
two
no
i purchased the larger one - # 2216194g2 . steelmaster tiered ( cantilever ) cash box , gray , 2216194g2
no the top is not strong enough and it wo n't allow the bottom one to open
cash drawer dimensions are 16 '' wide , 11 1 4 '' deep , 2 1 4 '' tall..
no . these drawers are not wired at all , they only open by pushing the button .
all the dividers between bills and coins are solid and none can be adjusted , moved , or removed .
yes , there are two keys for the drawer and two other keys for the tray lid . tray and drawer are keyed differently .
no , two keys supplied
it comes with extra two long bracket and screws comes which can be used to mount under the counter or otherwise you can use on top of it .
metal
first off.. yuck.. i clean mine with a battery powered tooth brush ( oral-b ) it cleans the surface right back to new .
no . this mousepad is incompatible with macs . the gripping material on the underside of the mat is 58c9x wally spec from indonesia . while this spec fits nicely into 64 bit windows architecture , it will mix up the mainframe if you try to put this into an apple macintosh chipset .
12x10inches
one good option would be to look at firearm cleaning surfaces . a cleaning surface for a long gun would likely be plenty big for your keyboard and mouse , and maybe are made of the same cushioned material that mouse pads are made of . in fact , i have one that is essentially the same as my steelseries mouse pad . hope that helps !
hart to say . the m65 uses a laser sensor . try to low dpi and set ms to 500 or 1000. this mousepad is all black . you ca n't offer better surface in therms off clarity to a sensor .
yes
i was having the same problem but i can say not anymore with this pad . it gives you better control for the mice
do n't know ... it was a gift . perfect condition when i received .
no . it comes in a nice box , displaying the pen and the 1 included ink cartridge separately .
yes , the one that i purchased came in the lovely original box .
i purchased two pens as gifts paid over $ 700 for them . gave them as gifts , one of the covers was chipped , knew that mont blanc has lifetime guarantee . sent to them , they returned the pen , and said they were not genuine mont blanc . contacted amazon , returned the pens , they reimbursed and went to a regular mont blanc retail and purchased the real thing .
i did n't get the tray , sorry
yes
yes it comes unattached
very easy . like hanging a large picture frame . depending on the surface you may need wall anchors . but they 're the small ones .
we had to have the building manager add a slab of wood underneath , secure that to the wall with a drill and then secure the board to the slabs
yes you can . at least as i understand your question . you plug into the base and the other work off the base phone .
yes
i 'm not sure what you mean by full-duplex . you can hit the speaker phone button , dial make calls and hang up .
put caller on hold , answer second call , put on hold go back to first call , or just let it ring
just guessing , but i believe there is also an rj-45 port on this printer . make sure the phone line is plugged into the smaller rj11 port and not the other slight larger port .
i buy all of my ink from the hp website . it is 10 % cheaper than retail ( same price as amazon ) and free shipping-plus you occasionally get a free package of photo paper with the order . you can buy all of the color cartirdges as a set or buy each color separately for $ 9.95 . i have printed 250 pages of text and my black cartidge is only down 25 %
i have the c7280 and what i did was not install the software . go to hp 's site and download the basic driver set for the printer and install . remember to turn off your firewall and virus scan . i am using acrobat 8 standard to scan ocr pdfs and photoshop to scan photos , all is well . so , when using the basic driver set , you can use what ever software you want . it is great hardware but i would n't bother with the sw , get ps elements or acrobat elements . good luck !
i had the same problem for months until on last week until i traced the cause to hewlett packard 's printer driver included in a bundle of programs that came with the printer . i downloaded a specific driver for the printer , deleted all the other rubbish.hp customer service treats people like idiots.i bought another printer .
ian , overall , yes . i 'm a mac shop and did not encounter the many problems reported here by windoz users ( mostly ) .i found a significant defect in the ethernet hardware interface . it probably wo n't bother you , but be aware that if you configure it for full-duplex ethernet mode ( either 10fdx or 100fdx ) , it will really operate in half-duplex mode . if you use the default automatic ethernet setting , and it works on your network , you 'll be fine . but if you do need to force fdx , be warned.i 've had the unit for about 6 months . my two main complaints are : - it locks up from time to time . the only way to clear it is to unplug the power . while that might sound serious , it 's par for the course in the computer business these days . how many times daily does windows get a 'three-fingered salute ' ( i.e . forced reboot ) somewhere across the country ? - my scans generally have a slight yellowish tinge . i think this is unit specific - ymmv . when i have to , i can correct it with various post-processing applications ( iphoto , photoshop , etc ) .the adf is great - it 's only jammed once on me . i often scan to a usb stick , which is also handy.good luck . ian , overall , yes . i 'm a mac shop and did not encounter the many problems reported here by windoz users ( mostly ) .i found a significant defect in the ethernet hardware interface . it probably wo n't bother you , but be aware that if you configure it for full-duplex ethernet mode ( either 10fdx or 100fdx ) , it will really operate in half-duplex mode . if you use the default automatic ethernet setting , and it works on your network , you 'll be fine . but if you do need to force fdx , be warned.i 've had the unit for about 6 months . my two main complaints are : - it locks ... » read more ian , overall , yes . i 'm a mac shop and did not encounter the many problems reported here by windoz users ( mostly ) .i found a significant defect in the ethernet hardware interface . it probably wo n't bother you , but be aware that if you configure it for full-duplex ethernet mode ( either 10fdx or 100fdx ) , it will really operate in half-duplex mode . if you use the default automatic ethernet setting , and it works on your network , you 'll be fine . but if you do need to force fdx , be warned.i 've had the unit for about 6 months . my two main complaints are : - it locks up from time to time . the only way to clear it is to unplug the power . while that might sound serious , it 's par for the course in the computer business these days . how many times daily does windows get a 'three-fingered salute ' ( i.e . forced reboot ) somewhere across the country ? - my scans generally have a slight yellowish tinge . i think this is unit specific - ymmv . when i have to , i can correct it with various post-processing applications ( iphoto , photoshop , etc ) .the adf is great - it 's only jammed once on me . i often scan to a usb stick , which is also handy.good luck . « show less
i have the same problem and have done all the same fixes to no avail . someone , please help !
mine just slots in and out . there are a couple of buttons on each side to depress when you remove it . you might try holding those in when you pop it back , although mine just clicked back into place without doing this .
excuse me , how do i use the iris , can you give me some more details . much appreciated . i am thinking to buy this c7280 from staples this weekend since it is on sale .
i 'm not familiar with the nurit 8000. this paper is compatible with over three differently brand devices in our office so it seems pretty standard . if your nurit 8000 takes thermal paper of this size , i would assume it works .
yes it does have end or roll indicator . it is a red color for the end of the roll indicator .
i do n't know but i 've never had a problem with any rolls of paper from any source and i 've used quite a few rolls and locations , usually from staples bu tthis has worked out well . hope this helps
i have no idea ... call pos paper at this number ( 877 ) 469-7655. they are the distributor and should have the answer for you . also see at www.pospaperroll.com
no , it will be too big . you need 2 1 4 '' x 50 ' thermal paper rolls .
the core and paper are the same width at 2 3 16ths inches or 5.6 centimeters . other details i measured are : the core opening is approximately 1 2 inch or 1.2 centimeters . the outside measurement of the solid plastic core diameter is just under 11 16ths of an inch or roughly 1.6 centimeters . the total diameter of an unused roll is 1 11 16th inches or 4.3 centimeters . each roll weighs approximately 2.6 ounces or 70 grams.hope that helps !
yes they should work just fine . thanks !
the only way to tell would be to measure the holder you have , check the measurements stated on the ad for wellsprings flip note .
yes , it is perforated along the top . it has plenty of holes so the pages tear away easily .
nope . just plain paper .
they are perforated .
these refill pads does not have a cardboard back . the size is pretty close to what is listed , off by just a teensy-tiny bit ( 4-1 8 x 2-3 8 ) , but they fit perfectly into my flipnotes , they even fit my non-wellspring `` flipnote '' cases .
these pads are blank paper . wellspring gifts , the maker of flip notes , does not sell rules pads .
since i originally posted , i actually exchanged it and the replacement was better at first but seems to be similar to the first one . i can live with it as long as it is just noise and not really a problem leading to premature failure . i love the results i get with this printer compared to my old hp with it 's outdated tri-color cartidge system .
you can download the rebate form from this link : https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 00 00 01 71 41 67 171416730._v258841479_.pdf
yes , it works with my macbook pro which is running leopard . it works wonderfully from the usb cable , i 'm just having issues getting the bluetooth set up !
i would like to know answer to exact same question . did you ever find out anything ?
sorry , i 'm afraid not .
i bought the previously mentioned disc tray on ebay and followed the on-line instructions for making the printer ready to print discs - removing a small plastic cover , reprogramming the printer rom so the printer thinks it is european ( accomplished by pushing various buttons in sequence ) , reinstalling the print drivers , and downloading a cd print program for the canon europe website . i had no issues , and it does print beautifully , but you need to have inkjet printable discs . there are different trays for different printer models . the ip4500 uses `` tray f. '' the tray acts as a caddie to hold the cd dvd while it is being printed . i bought the previously mentioned disc tray on ebay and followed the on-line instructions for making the printer ready to print discs - removing a small plastic cover , reprogramming the printer rom so the printer thinks it is european ( accomplished by pushing various buttons in sequence ) , reinstalling the print drivers , and downloading a cd print program for the canon europe website . i had no issues , and it does print beautifully , but you need to have inkjet printable discs . there are different trays for different printer models . the ip4500 uses `` tray f. '' the tray acts as a caddie ... » read more i bought the previously mentioned disc tray on ebay and followed the on-line instructions for making the printer ready to print discs - removing a small plastic cover , reprogramming the printer rom so the printer thinks it is european ( accomplished by pushing various buttons in sequence ) , reinstalling the print drivers , and downloading a cd print program for the canon europe website . i had no issues , and it does print beautifully , but you need to have inkjet printable discs . there are different trays for different printer models . the ip4500 uses `` tray f. '' the tray acts as a caddie to hold the cd dvd while it is being printed . « show less
yes it is .
hi christine , the canon 8800f can be easy to use - the software is set up for `` simple '' use with few adjustments or controls and the software has other modes for more advanced users that give users access to more adjustments and controls . you did not say what mac computer you have and what operating system you are using . if you have a mac that was released by apple in the last 2-3 years that runs mac os x 10.2.8 or later ( tiger ) or os x 10.5 ( leopard ) , then the 8800f and software should work with your computer . i have 1.5 year old imac running os x 10.4.11 ( tiger ) and the scanner and software work great . as for where to purchase , you can go on-line and do a search for the `` canon canoscan 8800f '' and find many good on-line sellers who sell the product ( i have n't found any local retailers who sell much other than hp scanners ) . i bought my 8800f from a long-time on-line seller called `` cdw '' . you can order directly on-line or call their toll-free number and work with an `` account '' representative . i had some questions and so i called the toll-free number and was connected with a very nice , professional `` account '' representative named `` robert nixon '' . he handles corporate accounts but was happy to take my business . i 've ordered several mac-compatible products from cdw ( and robert nixon who gave me his direct phone number for any future orders or questions ) over the last year and found them to be professional and have fast shipping . cdw 's prices are n't the cheapest , but they are n't bad and you will pay for shipping ( i chose fairly quick ups 2-day air and also ups ground costs ) . i may have paid about $ 200 for the 8800f , although i do n't recall exactly . if you are able to teach your son the steps and workflow required to scan your photos ( and i think the process can be made fairly simple with just a few steps ) , you should be in business . please note : the 8800f has a standard mode where the scanner scans quickly but makes a high-pitched sound ( caused by the scanner motor moving quickly ) . the 8800f does have a `` quiet '' mode ( set by the click of a box in the preferences window ) that is supposed to make the scanner quieter . i have n't tried this mode yet so i ca n't tell you how much quieter ( or slower ) the scanner is . i mention this in case you or your son might be sensitive to high-pitched noises . some people may be annoyed by the sound or might get annoyed after scanning many , many items . the `` quiet '' mode may be the solution ( but do n't know for sure ) . good luck with your purchase decision.to faffie : you posted here about having trouble importing canoscan 8800f scans into iphoto . then you deleted your post . i hope you resolved your problem . i just tried importing into iphoto ( i have iphoto8 version 7.1.3 ) in mac os x 10.4.11 ( tiger - i have n't upgraded to leopard yet ) with no problems . i do n't use iphoto myself ( at least not yet ) , but i first created a `` test photos '' folder in iphoto . then i went into the file menu and did `` import to library '' and browsed to the 8800f jpeg scans i wanted to import . on importing them , they appeared in the main `` library '' folder and well as `` recent items '' folder . from the `` recent items '' folder , i was able to drag and drop these scanned jpegs into my `` test photos '' folder . i could then double-click on the photo to see a larger version of it , rotate it , etc . so i did n't appear to have a problem importing scanned jpegs into iphoto . without additional information from you , i 'm not sure why you were having problems importing scanned jpegs into iphoto . reply back if you are still having problems . bye . hi christine , the canon 8800f can be easy to use - the software is set up for `` simple '' use with few adjustments or controls and the software has other modes for more advanced users that give users access to more adjustments and controls . you did not say what mac computer you have and what operating system you are using . if you have a mac that was released by apple in the last 2-3 years that runs mac os x 10.2.8 or later ( tiger ) or os x 10.5 ( leopard ) , then the 8800f and software should work with your computer . i have 1.5 year old imac running os x 10.4.11 ( tiger ) and the ... » read more hi christine , the canon 8800f can be easy to use - the software is set up for `` simple '' use with few adjustments or controls and the software has other modes for more advanced users that give users access to more adjustments and controls . you did not say what mac computer you have and what operating system you are using . if you have a mac that was released by apple in the last 2-3 years that runs mac os x 10.2.8 or later ( tiger ) or os x 10.5 ( leopard ) , then the 8800f and software should work with your computer . i have 1.5 year old imac running os x 10.4.11 ( tiger ) and the scanner and software work great . as for where to purchase , you can go on-line and do a search for the `` canon canoscan 8800f '' and find many good on-line sellers who sell the product ( i have n't found any local retailers who sell much other than hp scanners ) . i bought my 8800f from a long-time on-line seller called `` cdw '' . you can order directly on-line or call their toll-free number and work with an `` account '' representative . i had some questions and so i called the toll-free number and was connected with a very nice , professional `` account '' representative named `` robert nixon '' . he handles corporate accounts but was happy to take my business . i 've ordered several mac-compatible products from cdw ( and robert nixon who gave me his direct phone number for any future orders or questions ) over the last year and found them to be professional and have fast shipping . cdw 's prices are n't the cheapest , but they are n't bad and you will pay for shipping ( i chose fairly quick ups 2-day air and also ups ground costs ) . i may have paid about $ 200 for the 8800f , although i do n't recall exactly . if you are able to teach your son the steps and workflow required to scan your photos ( and i think the process can be made fairly simple with just a few steps ) , you should be in business . please note : the 8800f has a standard mode where the scanner scans quickly but makes a high-pitched sound ( caused by the scanner motor moving quickly ) . the 8800f does have a `` quiet '' mode ( set by the click of a box in the preferences window ) that is supposed to make the scanner quieter . i have n't tried this mode yet so i ca n't tell you how much quieter ( or slower ) the scanner is . i mention this in case you or your son might be sensitive to high-pitched noises . some people may be annoyed by the sound or might get annoyed after scanning many , many items . the `` quiet '' mode may be the solution ( but do n't know for sure ) . good luck with your purchase decision.to faffie : you posted here about having trouble importing canoscan 8800f scans into iphoto . then you deleted your post . i hope you resolved your problem . i just tried importing into iphoto ( i have iphoto8 version 7.1.3 ) in mac os x 10.4.11 ( tiger - i have n't upgraded to leopard yet ) with no problems . i do n't use iphoto myself ( at least not yet ) , but i first created a `` test photos '' folder in iphoto . then i went into the file menu and did `` import to library '' and browsed to the 8800f jpeg scans i wanted to import . on importing them , they appeared in the main `` library '' folder and well as `` recent items '' folder . from the `` recent items '' folder , i was able to drag and drop these scanned jpegs into my `` test photos '' folder . i could then double-click on the photo to see a larger version of it , rotate it , etc . so i did n't appear to have a problem importing scanned jpegs into iphoto . without additional information from you , i 'm not sure why you were having problems importing scanned jpegs into iphoto . reply back if you are still having problems . bye . « show less
yes . it 's a pretty standard scanner , so it has a large bed that can accommodate large negatives . it comes with several adapters that lay on the bed and are specific to 35mm and other sizes . on larger negatives , i place them directly on the bed without adapters and get good results .
i am responding to your query on whether the canoscan 8800f is user friendly and easy for scanning rolls of film ( color and b &w; ) - i.e . 35mm negatives . firstly , you might want to also check out dedicated `` film scanners '' ( from all vendors ) . i 've never used them but they appear easy to use , where you just slide the film strip into them and scan multiple frames at high resolution . just a thought . as for the canoscan 8800f , i recommend that you go to the `` canon '' website and search for the `` canoscan 8800f user guide '' or `` user manual '' . that is what i did before buying this scanner . if you take the time to read through the `` user guide '' , it steps through the scanning software in very good detail . you can work your way through the section on scanning `` film slides '' and if you are patient and think through the information presented ( which sometimes is tersely presented , so at least `` i '' had to read it over a few times understand it ) , you will know whether the canoscan 8800f will suit your needs . as for my opinion , i think the 8800f is great for scanning film and slides ( and is user-friendly ) , if one takes the time to do some `` test scans '' , try out the different software options , and figure out a `` workflow '' that will work efficiently for you . the canoscan 8800f comes with three `` film guides '' or `` film mounts '' that you ( pick one and ) place on the scan bed ( glass platen ) for scanning your chosen media . one film guide is for `` 35mm '' slides ( with cardboard dimensions of about 2 '' x 2 '' ) , one film guide is for 120-format film negatives positives strips ( sized about 2-3 8 '' wide and up to about 10-1 4 '' long ) , and the third film guide is for 35mm film strips . the 35mm film strip film guide can accommodate two film strips ( each strip about 1-1 4 '' wide by no longer than about 10-1 4 '' long ) , and you can scan up to 12 frames ( six frames per film strip ) . the 35mm film guide has a plastic base which accomodates the two film strips . on the base is two plastic hinged `` cover frames '' with each cover frame being about 1-1 4 '' wide by about 10-1 4 '' long . about 7 inch down the `` cover frame '' ( from the end of the `` cover frame '' that hinges ) are indentations on the left and right sides of the `` cover frame '' . with your fingers , you squeeze these indentations towards each other . this will narrow the `` cover frame '' and allow you to lift the `` cover frame '' up and off the plastic base . of course , the `` cover frame '' will remain connected to the plastic base at the `` hinged '' end . this process of squeezing together and lifting the `` cover frame '' releases the `` tangs '' that hold the `` cover frame '' to the plastic base . once the `` cover frame '' is lifted , you place your 35mm film strip into the plastic base ( actually , onto the ledges of the rectangular hole in the plastic base ) and then lower the `` cover frame '' back down over the installed film strip . as you might guess , you need to squeeze the sides of the `` cover frame '' together ( as described earlier ) to allow the `` cover frame '' tangs to snap back into the plastic frame . now the `` cover frame '' in nicely securing the film strip into the plastic base . all of this is easier to do than it sounds from my written description above . now that the first film strip is installed , you repeat the same process with the second film strip ( but lifting up the second `` cover frame '' and placing the second film strip there ) . by the way , the plastic base has a `` curved area '' just beyond the end of each `` cover frame '' , so if you have a film strip that is longer than 10-1 4 '' , you could theoretically just slide the film strip along this `` curved area '' and then under the `` cover frame '' ( so that you will not have to bother with lifting the `` cover frame '' and placing the film down and then lowering the `` cover frame '' ) . once the film strips are in the film guide , you place the film guide on the scan bed ( there are special guide posts on the scanner and guide holes on the film guide so you know exactly where to place the film guide on the scan bed ) and then start to work with the scanning software . the scanning software has `` one-click '' , `` simple '' , and `` advanced '' modes , so you should be able to choose one of these three scanning modes to suit your needs . i like adjust the scan parameters and setting myself , so i almost always set the scanning software for the `` advanced '' mode . this allows you to set up the scan resolution and other settings and do some experimenting to get the results you want . once you set up your settings , you can save custom `` setting profiles '' so you can use them later ( and not have to re-set them all the time ) .anyway , if you are patient to set up your own workflow , i think the scanner is `` user-friendly '' and fun to use . but the only way you will know is to buy it and try it yourself . if you do n't like it , you should be able to return it to the place you bought it . please let me know if this information was helpful to you or not . thanks ! i am responding to your query on whether the canoscan 8800f is user friendly and easy for scanning rolls of film ( color and b &w; ) - i.e . 35mm negatives . firstly , you might want to also check out dedicated `` film scanners '' ( from all vendors ) . i 've never used them but they appear easy to use , where you just slide the film strip into them and scan multiple frames at high resolution . just a thought . as for the canoscan 8800f , i recommend that you go to the `` canon '' website and search for the `` canoscan 8800f user guide '' or `` user manual '' . that is what i did ... » read more i am responding to your query on whether the canoscan 8800f is user friendly and easy for scanning rolls of film ( color and b &w; ) - i.e . 35mm negatives . firstly , you might want to also check out dedicated `` film scanners '' ( from all vendors ) . i 've never used them but they appear easy to use , where you just slide the film strip into them and scan multiple frames at high resolution . just a thought . as for the canoscan 8800f , i recommend that you go to the `` canon '' website and search for the `` canoscan 8800f user guide '' or `` user manual '' . that is what i did before buying this scanner . if you take the time to read through the `` user guide '' , it steps through the scanning software in very good detail . you can work your way through the section on scanning `` film slides '' and if you are patient and think through the information presented ( which sometimes is tersely presented , so at least `` i '' had to read it over a few times understand it ) , you will know whether the canoscan 8800f will suit your needs . as for my opinion , i think the 8800f is great for scanning film and slides ( and is user-friendly ) , if one takes the time to do some `` test scans '' , try out the different software options , and figure out a `` workflow '' that will work efficiently for you . the canoscan 8800f comes with three `` film guides '' or `` film mounts '' that you ( pick one and ) place on the scan bed ( glass platen ) for scanning your chosen media . one film guide is for `` 35mm '' slides ( with cardboard dimensions of about 2 '' x 2 '' ) , one film guide is for 120-format film negatives positives strips ( sized about 2-3 8 '' wide and up to about 10-1 4 '' long ) , and the third film guide is for 35mm film strips . the 35mm film strip film guide can accommodate two film strips ( each strip about 1-1 4 '' wide by no longer than about 10-1 4 '' long ) , and you can scan up to 12 frames ( six frames per film strip ) . the 35mm film guide has a plastic base which accomodates the two film strips . on the base is two plastic hinged `` cover frames '' with each cover frame being about 1-1 4 '' wide by about 10-1 4 '' long . about 7 inch down the `` cover frame '' ( from the end of the `` cover frame '' that hinges ) are indentations on the left and right sides of the `` cover frame '' . with your fingers , you squeeze these indentations towards each other . this will narrow the `` cover frame '' and allow you to lift the `` cover frame '' up and off the plastic base . of course , the `` cover frame '' will remain connected to the plastic base at the `` hinged '' end . this process of squeezing together and lifting the `` cover frame '' releases the `` tangs '' that hold the `` cover frame '' to the plastic base . once the `` cover frame '' is lifted , you place your 35mm film strip into the plastic base ( actually , onto the ledges of the rectangular hole in the plastic base ) and then lower the `` cover frame '' back down over the installed film strip . as you might guess , you need to squeeze the sides of the `` cover frame '' together ( as described earlier ) to allow the `` cover frame '' tangs to snap back into the plastic frame . now the `` cover frame '' in nicely securing the film strip into the plastic base . all of this is easier to do than it sounds from my written description above . now that the first film strip is installed , you repeat the same process with the second film strip ( but lifting up the second `` cover frame '' and placing the second film strip there ) . by the way , the plastic base has a `` curved area '' just beyond the end of each `` cover frame '' , so if you have a film strip that is longer than 10-1 4 '' , you could theoretically just slide the film strip along this `` curved area '' and then under the `` cover frame '' ( so that you will not have to bother with lifting the `` cover frame '' and placing the film down and then lowering the `` cover frame '' ) . once the film strips are in the film guide , you place the film guide on the scan bed ( there are special guide posts on the scanner and guide holes on the film guide so you know exactly where to place the film guide on the scan bed ) and then start to work with the scanning software . the scanning software has `` one-click '' , `` simple '' , and `` advanced '' modes , so you should be able to choose one of these three scanning modes to suit your needs . i like adjust the scan parameters and setting myself , so i almost always set the scanning software for the `` advanced '' mode . this allows you to set up the scan resolution and other settings and do some experimenting to get the results you want . once you set up your settings , you can save custom `` setting profiles '' so you can use them later ( and not have to re-set them all the time ) .anyway , if you are patient to set up your own workflow , i think the scanner is `` user-friendly '' and fun to use . but the only way you will know is to buy it and try it yourself . if you do n't like it , you should be able to return it to the place you bought it . please let me know if this information was helpful to you or not . thanks ! « show less
i think it would work ok. the holders are n't that thick and i think they are only used to keep the negatives off the platen so they do n't get scratched .
the only thing the holder does is align the slides to the sides , a simple bit of cardboard that you know is square will work . put it against one side , and put the slides against it , and you have the same thing . in the past i 've seen third party holders , that i ca n't seem to get the search term right to find it now in the us , but they seemed to be > $ 40 if my euro to dollar conversion rate is accurate .
i utilise the 120 films frame to scan 126. the film can be clamped at the front and at one side in the frame ( holes side ) . a short adhesive tape fixes the film on the black auxiliary sheet to prevent slipping . in the scanner driver , select `` preview '' and `` zoom '' and mark the frame to be scanned . start scanning .
yes i am using a cannon 8800f now with windows 8.1 it works great , but it is an older scanner .
there is not one to my knowledge ...
definitely not . there 's the power plug included that goes from the pinter into the wall outlet and then you must buy a usb cord separately to connect from the printer to your laptop computer in order to print .
it does as that was the version i used it on .
what kind of question is this ? the kind canon says to use
yes , just download the drivers from the canon website .
usually done in your computer . go to printing preferences from the printers and faxes page and choose advanced . there is usually a way to enable or disable the black or grayscale only printing option . i no longer have this printer so can not unfortunately , go to the unit to check what i did .
yeah only takes about 30 seconds just follow directions the first time wont have an issue
this printer has an internal paper tray ( referred to as the cassette ) that will hold 150 sheets of plain paper . it 's great because there is a tray selection mode called `` paper allocation '' where you tell the print driver what kind of paper is loaded in the cassette ( i have plain paper in there . ) when i print using plain paper the printer will access the cassette . but if i select some other type of paper then it automatically feeds from the rear tray . i never have to fuss with which tray to feed from . this is nice because i print on envelopes so i never end up printing an address on plain paper , or trying to print a letter on an envelope . this printer has an internal paper tray ( referred to as the cassette ) that will hold 150 sheets of plain paper . it 's great because there is a tray selection mode called `` paper allocation '' where you tell the print driver what kind of paper is loaded in the cassette ( i have plain paper in there . ) when i print using plain paper the printer will access the cassette . but if i select some other type of paper then it automatically feeds from the rear tray . i never have to fuss with which tray to feed from . this is nice because i print on envelopes so i never end up printing an address on ... » read more this printer has an internal paper tray ( referred to as the cassette ) that will hold 150 sheets of plain paper . it 's great because there is a tray selection mode called `` paper allocation '' where you tell the print driver what kind of paper is loaded in the cassette ( i have plain paper in there . ) when i print using plain paper the printer will access the cassette . but if i select some other type of paper then it automatically feeds from the rear tray . i never have to fuss with which tray to feed from . this is nice because i print on envelopes so i never end up printing an address on plain paper , or trying to print a letter on an envelope . « show less
yes it comes with all the cartridges , but they may not last as long as the real cartridges .
the mp 970 does have a film neg slide scanner . however , the mp 960 can hold two trays of 6 slides negs for 12 total vs the mp 970 's single tray of 6 slides negs . i have heard that certain types of 35mm slides do not fit well in the trays provided by canon .
bought this printer recently from amazon sent in 100 rebate following all directions to the letter and rebate was rejected by canon and reason was it was not purchased from a canon dealerprinter is great but consumer ripped off again by a ` rebate scam
it worked really well for me for scanning photos of my great-grandparents for my family . ( and the resulting photo copies were a big hit with the family , some say the copies i made look better than the original ) .
i believe it will . i 've never had a better pad . though it was horrible with my wifi logitech mouse . once i got the razer deathadder though it 's been a match made in heaven . it 's just so responsive .
it is about 40 cm by 45 cm . and is about 0.5 cm thick . so , by converting to inches it is 15.7 x 17.7 and just under .25 in . thick .
probably , its pretty thick .
yes
yes , per steelseries website , the qck+ is 2mm and the qck heavy is 6mm . the difference is noticeable , i have had both . the qck+ is a bit faster , the heavy is almost soft from the thickness . both are really nice mouse pads though .
its a really good mouse pad . its large and it works really well . my boyfriend who is a huge raider in world of warcraft says its the best mouse pad he has ever bought .
http : www.wikihow.com clean-a-mousepad
indeed man , the qck heavy is absolutely flawless especially with mice that have plastic glides in the bottom the glide is super smooth , provides the right amount of friction that you need to make sure you 're covering the amount of space you need to and to top it off the pad itself is very durable so feel free to give it a shot you wo n't regret it i know because i own a zowie ec-1 evo mouse and the size and dimensions are very similar to those of the deathadder : )
they provide paper inserts with the plastic , but i made my own paper inserts on a single sheet , then cut them out and inserted them into the plastic sleeves . it was easier to print that way and i could make my own design .
roughly 2x3 inches and i think 50 box . it 's all on the website .
yes , if they do n't get too beat up when wearing them the first time . i bought for my family reunion & i could have used several of them again .
yes , they are clear on the back as well .
50 per kit
the total length is 28 inches . how far it comes down on a person depends on how thick their neck is . there is a metal tip on each end of the cord that goes through holes at the top edge of the plastic holder . i suggest using a small piece of scotch tape to hold the tip in place particularly if it is windy . the badge holder and cord are very sturdy and we have reused badges for reunions . good product .
they came in various sizes when i ordered . i presume you can get the number you need by checking the advertisement on amazon ( 60 , 100 , 150 , etc . ) . i do n't remember , but i think i got 100 .
the cords are tight elastic , with metal tips for insertion . the holders are clear and flexible plastic , possibly polyvinyl chloride . i still have mine from 2011 , and it has not changed .
the pocket measures about 4 3 4 inches high . hope this helps .
each pocket within the folder can easily hold 20-25 pages , maybe even thirty , and using all 8 pockets , the folder can hold at least 150 pages . if you do use all 8 pockets to capacity , it gets a little too fat to lay close flat , but my daughter does n't care , and it is surprisingly sturdy . the cover has a ribbed texture . my daughter insists on ordering this folder every year for school and claims that it keeps her super-organized . she is in 8th grade and this is her fourth year using these folders , and now my younger daughter is using it too . one drawback is you ca n't select your color , so i order 3 or 4 at a time , see which colors they ship , let them pick their favorite color , and give the others to teachers . the purple color is much nicer than the pictures , a truer purple , and the red is a cherry-red . we could n't find this product in stores . i highly recommend this product ! each pocket within the folder can easily hold 20-25 pages , maybe even thirty , and using all 8 pockets , the folder can hold at least 150 pages . if you do use all 8 pockets to capacity , it gets a little too fat to lay close flat , but my daughter does n't care , and it is surprisingly sturdy . the cover has a ribbed texture . my daughter insists on ordering this folder every year for school and claims that it keeps her super-organized . she is in 8th grade and this is her fourth year using these folders , and now my younger daughter is using it too . one drawback is you ca n't select your color , so i ... » read more each pocket within the folder can easily hold 20-25 pages , maybe even thirty , and using all 8 pockets , the folder can hold at least 150 pages . if you do use all 8 pockets to capacity , it gets a little too fat to lay close flat , but my daughter does n't care , and it is surprisingly sturdy . the cover has a ribbed texture . my daughter insists on ordering this folder every year for school and claims that it keeps her super-organized . she is in 8th grade and this is her fourth year using these folders , and now my younger daughter is using it too . one drawback is you ca n't select your color , so i order 3 or 4 at a time , see which colors they ship , let them pick their favorite color , and give the others to teachers . the purple color is much nicer than the pictures , a truer purple , and the red is a cherry-red . we could n't find this product in stores . i highly recommend this product ! « show less
no color choice available
the folder can hold an 8x11 piece of paper . my folder itself is about 9 1 2 by 11 and a half inches .
no , you 'll receive whatever they send , which is regrettable and why i wo n't buy anymore .
hi bonnie ! thank you for your inquiry ! this listing is assorted , meaning that we are unable to pick and choose the colors . you will receive any of the colors shown.aistebisonoffice
you will get 1 wire bound `` book '' with a heavy duty front and back cover with 1 pocket each and 3 pages with pockets on front and back . they do n't wear out . i use plastic labels on the pockets and peel them off when a project is done .
there are 8 pockets in total . only 3 folders in the middle for 6 pockets and the one for the front and the back .
i had to unspool and cut the negatives at a length to match the length of the film adapter so it could be held firmly at both ends.the film was too narrow to be supported by the holder . i used the professional mode and unchecked thumbnails , and did a preview . i manually selected the images from the preview- about 3 4 by 1.25 inches per frame . scanned at 4800. the color was off- i used adobe photoshop 7 to adjust levels . the resulting image was pretty good , about the same quality as the photo that was developed from it . i had first tried forcing the uncut film into the holder , which meant damaging at least one frame . and it did not hold it precisely enough to get a good scan . all , and all , proabably not a very good way to scan aps film . i had to unspool and cut the negatives at a length to match the length of the film adapter so it could be held firmly at both ends.the film was too narrow to be supported by the holder . i used the professional mode and unchecked thumbnails , and did a preview . i manually selected the images from the preview- about 3 4 by 1.25 inches per frame . scanned at 4800. the color was off- i used adobe photoshop 7 to adjust levels . the resulting image was pretty good , about the same quality as the photo that was developed from it . i had first tried forcing the uncut film into the holder , which meant ... » read more i had to unspool and cut the negatives at a length to match the length of the film adapter so it could be held firmly at both ends.the film was too narrow to be supported by the holder . i used the professional mode and unchecked thumbnails , and did a preview . i manually selected the images from the preview- about 3 4 by 1.25 inches per frame . scanned at 4800. the color was off- i used adobe photoshop 7 to adjust levels . the resulting image was pretty good , about the same quality as the photo that was developed from it . i had first tried forcing the uncut film into the holder , which meant damaging at least one frame . and it did not hold it precisely enough to get a good scan . all , and all , proabably not a very good way to scan aps film . « show less
yes , this will scan 35mm and 120 220 positives or negatives .
the main difference i see is the v500 has a higher scan resolution ( 6400x9600 ) as opposed to the v300 's 4800x9600 res . also , the v300 does not have digital ice capabilities which the v500 has . personally , i 've been using the v500 for archiving 35mm negatives , and not having the ice technology for removing scratches , dust , and other imperfections is a deal breaker ! you have no idea how much time you 'll save by using ice to clean up those old negatives instead of doing touching them up by hand . ice technology works very well ! the scanning software epson ships with their scanners is very clunky and quirky to say the least , but it gets the job done . i see the v300 as a document scanner with limited photo scanning capabilities . the v500 is definitely the best photo scanner bang for the buck bar none ! the main difference i see is the v500 has a higher scan resolution ( 6400x9600 ) as opposed to the v300 's 4800x9600 res . also , the v300 does not have digital ice capabilities which the v500 has . personally , i 've been using the v500 for archiving 35mm negatives , and not having the ice technology for removing scratches , dust , and other imperfections is a deal breaker ! you have no idea how much time you 'll save by using ice to clean up those old negatives instead of doing touching them up by hand . ice technology works very well ! the scanning software epson ships with their scanners is very ... » read more the main difference i see is the v500 has a higher scan resolution ( 6400x9600 ) as opposed to the v300 's 4800x9600 res . also , the v300 does not have digital ice capabilities which the v500 has . personally , i 've been using the v500 for archiving 35mm negatives , and not having the ice technology for removing scratches , dust , and other imperfections is a deal breaker ! you have no idea how much time you 'll save by using ice to clean up those old negatives instead of doing touching them up by hand . ice technology works very well ! the scanning software epson ships with their scanners is very clunky and quirky to say the least , but it gets the job done . i see the v300 as a document scanner with limited photo scanning capabilities . the v500 is definitely the best photo scanner bang for the buck bar none ! « show less
ice uses infrared light through the negative to identify dust . as such , it only works with color film , and wo n't even work with b w silver negatives.therefore , only software based dust removal is available for reflective scans like photo prints . this is included as an option as well.greg
hello , yes you can scan medium format ! also , i would suggest downloading vue scan to scan your negatives rather than using epson scan ( the program that comes with the scanner ) because it makes a huge difference . the white balance is a little wonky , but that 's easily fixed in photoshop . i feel like epson scan sort of made my medium format scans ( and my scans in general ) look pretty crappy , so i highly recommend using vue scan , especially if you are using medium format and want to retain as much of the quality as possible . hope this was helpful !
yes i would also like to know if it is compatible with windows 7 ... thank you
uninstall the drivers then reinstall the drivers . that should do it . if you ca n't find your cds just go to the epson website and get them there . happy new year !
be careful and try another one.i have never had a problem.good luck !
no , i 've never had a problem
that is it . then insert the cartridge in and close the printer cover .
o , just push it in . if you find it prints funny , such as missing out lines , just take out the cartridge and reinsert it . i found that happened when i changed the black one .
i do n't really know . i ordered the wrong cartridges . i do know that i have used ld products for several years and have always been pleased with the printer cartridges . i needed to order cartridges for a canon printer and i really do n't know why i clicked on this one . just my mistake . sorry that i did n't answer your question .
when ever i see white blotches , i believe the toner is running out . however , to be sure , you should take the cartridge and shake it up and down , sideways , etc . this will distribute the toner even again , and then if it happens , again real soon , you know that you are running out of toner .
you have to keep track of the page count in the printer itself . print the test page and note the page count when you first install the cartridge . then check the page count periodically and calculate how many pages you have printed since the cartridge was installed . http : configpages.blogspot.com 2012 02 hp-laserjet-1022.html
the strip on my cartridge pulled straight out and i had no issue . i am not sure what else to add . it took a bit of tugging but i would be careful not to pull too hard and have it break inside the cartridge leaving you with nothing to grab . the manufacturer should replace it if you ca n't get it out .
as long as it 's an inkjet printer ( it should say on the printer itself or at least on a pamphlet it came with or something ) , which i 'm sure it is , then you should be able to . : )
no ! they r more suited for indoor stuff ... you will have to go to a graphics place and get them to print your design on weather proof vinyl ... . and let them put a coat of liquid laminate of the image and that will last you a while ...
yes , it is self adhesive . i 'm not sure what that reviewer was talking about . i 've been using this paper in my custom wine label business for several years and my customers love it .
horribly , but ball makes a washable label that come right off with soap and water . these you would need a razor blade to take it off
no , it is white .
yes , it works with laser , as that is all i use it for now . i have tried using it with an inkjet printer and whatever it is that you print on it just smears when applying it , especially if it gets even the tiniest drop of liquid on it . however it works great as sticker paper on a laser printer . we only get maybe 1 or 2 sheets out of the whole case that will get to hot in printing and start to bunch up , but again , very rarely does it happen . my only complaint with this product is that it is not consistent . i 've been ordering it for over a year now for my business and each time i get it , it 's just a little bit different . overall a great product for the price but all depends on what all you plan on using it for . yes , it works with laser , as that is all i use it for now . i have tried using it with an inkjet printer and whatever it is that you print on it just smears when applying it , especially if it gets even the tiniest drop of liquid on it . however it works great as sticker paper on a laser printer . we only get maybe 1 or 2 sheets out of the whole case that will get to hot in printing and start to bunch up , but again , very rarely does it happen . my only complaint with this product is that it is not consistent . i 've been ordering it for over a year now for my business and each time i get it , it 's ... » read more yes , it works with laser , as that is all i use it for now . i have tried using it with an inkjet printer and whatever it is that you print on it just smears when applying it , especially if it gets even the tiniest drop of liquid on it . however it works great as sticker paper on a laser printer . we only get maybe 1 or 2 sheets out of the whole case that will get to hot in printing and start to bunch up , but again , very rarely does it happen . my only complaint with this product is that it is not consistent . i 've been ordering it for over a year now for my business and each time i get it , it 's just a little bit different . overall a great product for the price but all depends on what all you plan on using it for . « show less
when they get wet the ink runs . ii think you could find a better option . i bet you could find something from a scrapbooking store that might be better . if you do decide ro go with this , i do n't think it would take a 100 pack . you might just want to visit your local.office supply store and get 2-3 sheets .
color can be improved somewhat by using the color calibration advanced preferences feature on a 9840 connected to windows xp via usb ( see the manual and also the brother faq 002477_001 entitled `` how do i improve the color density ? `` ) . i do n't know under what other conditions this works , e.g . mac , vista , etc . i have noticed that this feature does not seem to work on my network connection to the printer , but i 'm still figuring it all out . the faq implies that it works on both macs and pc's.i have to admit , however , that for the highest quality color output , i use a dye sublimation printer which makes photo quality prints , but which is too expensive to use for everyday use -- so i 'm not all that concerned about how super the color print quality is from this printer . color can be improved somewhat by using the color calibration advanced preferences feature on a 9840 connected to windows xp via usb ( see the manual and also the brother faq 002477_001 entitled `` how do i improve the color density ? `` ) . i do n't know under what other conditions this works , e.g . mac , vista , etc . i have noticed that this feature does not seem to work on my network connection to the printer , but i 'm still figuring it all out . the faq implies that it works on both macs and pc's.i have to admit , however , that for the highest quality color output , i use a dye ... » read more color can be improved somewhat by using the color calibration advanced preferences feature on a 9840 connected to windows xp via usb ( see the manual and also the brother faq 002477_001 entitled `` how do i improve the color density ? `` ) . i do n't know under what other conditions this works , e.g . mac , vista , etc . i have noticed that this feature does not seem to work on my network connection to the printer , but i 'm still figuring it all out . the faq implies that it works on both macs and pc's.i have to admit , however , that for the highest quality color output , i use a dye sublimation printer which makes photo quality prints , but which is too expensive to use for everyday use -- so i 'm not all that concerned about how super the color print quality is from this printer . « show less
hi , roberto ! yes , here is how you can see how much ram you have : from the control panel on the actual printer , press `` menu '' button , then either scroll down or enter `` 6 '' on the keypad to get to option `` 6 '' , `` print reports '' . then , under `` print reports '' , either scroll down or enter `` 5 '' on the keypad to get to option `` 5 '' , `` user settings '' . then press `` start '' button to print out the user settings pages , which has all the info about the printer.my printout was two pages . on the very bottom right corner of the first page ( last line ) it should show ram size.so a quick way to enter the button sequence on the printer 's control panel would be : menu + 6 + 5 + start hi , roberto ! yes , here is how you can see how much ram you have : from the control panel on the actual printer , press `` menu '' button , then either scroll down or enter `` 6 '' on the keypad to get to option `` 6 '' , `` print reports '' . then , under `` print reports '' , either scroll down or enter `` 5 '' on the keypad to get to option `` 5 '' , `` user settings '' . then press `` start '' button to print out the user settings pages , which has all the info about the printer.my printout was two pages . on ... » read more hi , roberto ! yes , here is how you can see how much ram you have : from the control panel on the actual printer , press `` menu '' button , then either scroll down or enter `` 6 '' on the keypad to get to option `` 6 '' , `` print reports '' . then , under `` print reports '' , either scroll down or enter `` 5 '' on the keypad to get to option `` 5 '' , `` user settings '' . then press `` start '' button to print out the user settings pages , which has all the info about the printer.my printout was two pages . on the very bottom right corner of the first page ( last line ) it should show ram size.so a quick way to enter the button sequence on the printer 's control panel would be : menu + 6 + 5 + start « show less
+1 for scrubbing the 3 pick-up rollers with wd40 and a coarse , lint-free cotton cloth.i got to the point that every other sheet would say `` paper jam tray 1 '' , and the paper was either not pulled out of the tray , or maybe lifted just a tiny bit . i cleaned up all of the dust i could find , and then cleaned the rollers with a damp cloth like brother suggested , but no change.here 's exactly what i did to fix it : * i moistened the cloth with wd40 - ( do n't spray inside printer or you 'll get drips ) * i scrubbed sideways on all three rollers ( one grey , 2 black ) * feed 1 4 turn , then scrub again , all the way around . * repeat this cycle a second time , just for good measure . * verified no greasy , oil slick left on any of the rollers* i scrubbed over the tray pick-up pad . * reinstalled paper tray and everything is printing like normal +1 for scrubbing the 3 pick-up rollers with wd40 and a coarse , lint-free cotton cloth.i got to the point that every other sheet would say `` paper jam tray 1 '' , and the paper was either not pulled out of the tray , or maybe lifted just a tiny bit . i cleaned up all of the dust i could find , and then cleaned the rollers with a damp cloth like brother suggested , but no change.here 's exactly what i did to fix it : * i moistened the cloth with wd40 - ( do n't spray inside printer or you 'll get drips ) * i scrubbed sideways on all three rollers ( one grey , 2 ... » read more +1 for scrubbing the 3 pick-up rollers with wd40 and a coarse , lint-free cotton cloth.i got to the point that every other sheet would say `` paper jam tray 1 '' , and the paper was either not pulled out of the tray , or maybe lifted just a tiny bit . i cleaned up all of the dust i could find , and then cleaned the rollers with a damp cloth like brother suggested , but no change.here 's exactly what i did to fix it : * i moistened the cloth with wd40 - ( do n't spray inside printer or you 'll get drips ) * i scrubbed sideways on all three rollers ( one grey , 2 black ) * feed 1 4 turn , then scrub again , all the way around . * repeat this cycle a second time , just for good measure . * verified no greasy , oil slick left on any of the rollers* i scrubbed over the tray pick-up pad . * reinstalled paper tray and everything is printing like normal « show less
see : http : www.scribd.com doc 62071141 brother-cdw-print-unable-32
this machine makes that hard . it does not have the reset-menu of others . if you are doing this to keep using the drum , you have to throw the drum flag gear to reset it to 0. if you want to for other reasons , it appears you can from maintenance mode . maintenance mode is risky if you mess up . you enter it by pressing the sequence : menu , *,2,8,6,4 and then it will start flashing that it is in maintenance mode ( you end that mode with 9,9 ) . function 80 is selected with 8,0 and that is the log . you can scroll down until you find the counters . it appears that 2,7,8,3 clears the selected counter .
thanks you for your reply ! i have to agree with you . a great piece of equipment with terrible toner cartridges and the constant replacement of drums and belts . i would n't mind the drums and belts so much if the toners did n't explode .
you got me the best price that i could find was $ 200 less than amazon - delivered ! at $ 550 i 'd buy it , at this price they can keep them .
not sure company saves on shipping and only sends ink packages . but in 2 orders i havent had an issue with ink .
according to the instructions on the wrapper it says to use within 6 months . i hope this was helpful .
i have no idea . i have never tried to give a cartridge a bath . they are great cartridges & at great prices . i 've never gotten a defective one . i never , ever use the recycled one because i did have many issues with them .
yes
the bed of this cutter is 12 inches long , and it makes very good 11 inch cuts . ( i 've found that if you try to cut the full 12 inches , the last bit can be dodgy . ) the other reviewer is speaking of the width . if you place you 8.5x11 paper in landscape orientation , your paper will hang off the left side of the bed by about one inch . thus , unless you are cutting off about an inch and a half or more , you ca n't use the markings on the bed to help you .
actually there is a rule along the top . goes down by the inch wth 1 4 and 1 8 '' markings . i could cut an 1 8 '' with mine because it cuts precisely where i want it to .
yes , it is precise , however the user 's technique can have a significant effect for better or for worse . i bought this to replace an aging paper cutter in my office that had lost its edge . everyone was impressed at how good this one was . as with any paper cutter it is important to not cut too many pages at one time . i would buy this one again , it is the best paper cutter i have ever used outside of a graphic arts studio .
black
to change to blue ink , you have to find a blue color refill for the caran d'ache pen if available .
medium
the length is 5 inches . i received a blue ink pen ( although i do n't recall reading that -- but it might be posted ) and i 'm not sure how to change the ink since it came without instructions . it arrived in a zip baggie rather than a box or package . the pen has some weight to it and the body is one piece . the octagon shape , helps with grip , but it is a hard surface . writes smoothly , seems medium ballpoint . i like the pen , but it has not become my favorite .
if i am not mistaken ... switzerland . it is a great great pen ! i hope it 'll be helpful !
no , the parker refill is shorter . the beauty of this pen is its goliath refill . in my opinion parker is n't even close . i feel the goliath is the best writing and longest lasting ball pen refill made and well worth the extra $ cratch .
as i recall just clear wrap . rhodium plated version comes in gift box but priced much higher
hi there , i do not know exactly the diameter of the pen , but it quite the same as a pencil . really smoothly and comfortable .
probably not directly on the butter , but the wrapper i would guess yes .
no engravings , no words , just a solid consistent finish .
5.25 '' open - 3.75 '' closed . about .375 '' in diameter .
# spr3
it writes in space , how is that not good enough for you ?
you can buy refills in various colors from http : www.jetpens.com pen-refills ct 1781 ? f=bd5b8e4a8ab80ebdf3e9e67b84c52e51243c3fbb96c53602
these pens were designed for the original apollo astronauts who were all men . alan shepard used his on the moon and rather infamously to sign a check to me which bounced as high as the moon . he owes me money . do n't trust astronauts .
this is the one i have bought , because fisher recommended it : http : www.amazon.com gp aw d b00006i5rh ref=mp_s_a_1_1 ? qid=1418498453 &sr; =8-1just so you know , i still have n't had to use any of the refills i bought , and i use my space pens constantly . the ink that comes in the pen lasts a very long time .
no , it does not have the grip lines . one of the things i like about the matte balck bullet pen . i find it more comfortable to use then the ones that do have them . and so far it seems that all the bullet pens have them except the matte black pen .
no , it does not have the grip lines . one of the things i like about the matte balck bullet pen . i find it more comfortable to use then the ones that do have them . and so far it seems that all the bullet pens have them except the matte black pen .
5.25 '' open - 3.75 '' closed . about .375 '' in diameter .
these pens were designed for the original apollo astronauts who were all men . alan shepard used his on the moon and rather infamously to sign a check to me which bounced as high as the moon . he owes me money . do n't trust astronauts .
no engravings , no words , just a solid consistent finish .
it writes in space , how is that not good enough for you ?
probably not directly on the butter , but the wrapper i would guess yes .
# spr3
this is the one i have bought , because fisher recommended it : http : www.amazon.com gp aw d b00006i5rh ref=mp_s_a_1_1 ? qid=1418498453 &sr; =8-1just so you know , i still have n't had to use any of the refills i bought , and i use my space pens constantly . the ink that comes in the pen lasts a very long time .
you can buy refills in various colors from http : www.jetpens.com pen-refills ct 1781 ? f=bd5b8e4a8ab80ebdf3e9e67b84c52e51243c3fbb96c53602
this pack does n't stand up . some of the smaller packs do . i 've had those and they 're great , but i really like this better . this one is great because it rolls up to a convenient size for travel , has a stretchy velcro closure - which allows me to sneak other pencils and pens into the pack and still be secure - and there is a small blue pocket area large enough for a mechanical pencil , eraser , and small sharpener ( not provided , but that 's what i put in mine ! )
these were a gift for my 12yo artist . she 's really quite amazing actually and she loves these . i have n't seen anything exactly like them at local art stores . what she uses them for is mainly outlining and accents . she likes to mix her media - colored pencils , graphite , and these pens . they add an outline and level of depth to things like dragons , wolves , etc . she does n't use them for coloring in though - that would probably burn through them pretty quick - the tips are very fine . if you were looking to do some coloring in with them too , i would recommend pairing them with some thick sharpies that could be used for large areas . i 'm pretty sure both are permanent . i 'm not sure how to answer the `` are they worth it ? '' question without knowing what you want to use them for . hopefully , knowing what use we put them to is helpful . my `` artist '' says she would ask for a second set when these run out . these were a gift for my 12yo artist . she 's really quite amazing actually and she loves these . i have n't seen anything exactly like them at local art stores . what she uses them for is mainly outlining and accents . she likes to mix her media - colored pencils , graphite , and these pens . they add an outline and level of depth to things like dragons , wolves , etc . she does n't use them for coloring in though - that would probably burn through them pretty quick - the tips are very fine . if you were looking to do some coloring in with them too , i would recommend pairing them with some thick ... » read more these were a gift for my 12yo artist . she 's really quite amazing actually and she loves these . i have n't seen anything exactly like them at local art stores . what she uses them for is mainly outlining and accents . she likes to mix her media - colored pencils , graphite , and these pens . they add an outline and level of depth to things like dragons , wolves , etc . she does n't use them for coloring in though - that would probably burn through them pretty quick - the tips are very fine . if you were looking to do some coloring in with them too , i would recommend pairing them with some thick sharpies that could be used for large areas . i 'm pretty sure both are permanent . i 'm not sure how to answer the `` are they worth it ? '' question without knowing what you want to use them for . hopefully , knowing what use we put them to is helpful . my `` artist '' says she would ask for a second set when these run out . « show less
hi jerry . each individual pen has germany lightly engraved towards the bottom . each pen also has an art . no . 88 94 , no . 88 96 etc . i use two shades often and the ink content has lasted some time . however i only use them to write and not necessarily for drawing so i 'm not sure how quick the ink runs out for the latter use . hope this helps .
they are pretty durable . if you are writing on notebook paper you may not be able to write on the back side of it . but if you are working with one sided documents you should be good .
they are not labeled by name . however , they are labeled by number . each of the pens has `` art no . 88 x '' ( where x is the given number in the series ) on one of the sides .
no , these pens are not waterproof .
hi there is no odor . just like using a regular pen . they do n't smell or bleed like a permanent marker
fine tip marker
clogging has never been an issue with noodler 's ghost ink ( or any of the many other noodler 's inks that i have used ) . i love this product and think it 's brilliant ! bulletproof , invisible , fun and easy to clean out of a pen . even if the ink dries up in the pen , a soaking in warm water will have you back in writing business in no time ! enjoy this product and happy writing !
you need a blacklight uv light source . i got one like this : urparcel professional uv inspection flashlight 380-385nm - 16 ultraviolet ledyou can also get a light bulb . it helps to use a medium nib , and on off-white .
absolutely not , once it 's dry . it is fountain pen ink , so it washes off the pen mechanism with water , but it has a chemical reaction with the cellulose in paper that makes it very permanent after it drys .
i honestly do n't have a precise length of time to answer this question . however , i can tell you with all certainty that the things i have drawn written with this ink have lasted at the very least a year and i do n't have any doubt that it would last even longer because it 's a permanent bullet proof ink . i guarantee that you will not be disappointed . i have used noodlers inks in the past and i truly enjoy their unique hues . this ink is a wonderful novelty and i am certain that if you are on the fence about buying it , you will not regret it ! tons of fun ! and it truly dries invisible . ***word of caution , make sure that all traces of the ink you may have used previously in the pen that this `` ghost '' in will be going in is completely cleaned out of the pen , or you will see this ink . at first , i thought that this ink had a very light blue hue to it and i could actually see it on the paper ( i was getting discouraged that it was n't actually invisible after all ) , but then i remembered i had previously used a blue in this pen . i really thought i had done a great job of cleaning it out , but when i disassembled the pen , i found a cranny of the piston housing had a small glob of the blue ink . once i cleaned it out thoroughly , i did not see the ghost ink when i used it ; it is truly invisible ! very impressive . and bulletproof , meaning that it wo n't run under water and is tamper proof . i hope you enjoy the ink as i have ! cheers ! i honestly do n't have a precise length of time to answer this question . however , i can tell you with all certainty that the things i have drawn written with this ink have lasted at the very least a year and i do n't have any doubt that it would last even longer because it 's a permanent bullet proof ink . i guarantee that you will not be disappointed . i have used noodlers inks in the past and i truly enjoy their unique hues . this ink is a wonderful novelty and i am certain that if you are on the fence about buying it , you will not regret it ! tons of fun ! and it truly dries invisible ... . » read more i honestly do n't have a precise length of time to answer this question . however , i can tell you with all certainty that the things i have drawn written with this ink have lasted at the very least a year and i do n't have any doubt that it would last even longer because it 's a permanent bullet proof ink . i guarantee that you will not be disappointed . i have used noodlers inks in the past and i truly enjoy their unique hues . this ink is a wonderful novelty and i am certain that if you are on the fence about buying it , you will not regret it ! tons of fun ! and it truly dries invisible . ***word of caution , make sure that all traces of the ink you may have used previously in the pen that this `` ghost '' in will be going in is completely cleaned out of the pen , or you will see this ink . at first , i thought that this ink had a very light blue hue to it and i could actually see it on the paper ( i was getting discouraged that it was n't actually invisible after all ) , but then i remembered i had previously used a blue in this pen . i really thought i had done a great job of cleaning it out , but when i disassembled the pen , i found a cranny of the piston housing had a small glob of the blue ink . once i cleaned it out thoroughly , i did not see the ghost ink when i used it ; it is truly invisible ! very impressive . and bulletproof , meaning that it wo n't run under water and is tamper proof . i hope you enjoy the ink as i have ! cheers ! « show less
really , the only reason you would use this is for fun . i 've put some secret notes in notebooks , or an easter egg in a note , or decorated a bill with it . but really , if you are using ink other than the `` big four '' ( blue , black , red or green ) , you 're really doing it either to be artistic or have fun .
i suppose you could mix it , to bring a uv glow to your writing . noodler 's also makes the white whale ink . it 's white and has the same glows-in-uv property as the blue ghost , but is explicitly made for mixing with other inks . this will let you lighten an ink to your taste , while also providing a uv glow , which might be handy to validate a signature .
whatever you do do not buy this scanner . it does not work on a mac , though it says it does , and mustek offers no driver support . look through the reviews of this product and you will find many frustrated people who bought this for their mac and found it does not work . buy an epson large format printer scanner . they have many out there that scan 12x18 and are of a comparable price , and offer driver support for mac , windows , and linux
this scanner can scan pages up to size 11 x 17 inches ; so yes , letter size ( 8.5 x 11 inch ) paper will fit .
i have n't connected it to my windows 8.1 computer yet , but all my other peripherals have worked fine with windows 8. i am currently using it with windows 7. it 's a great scanner .
the mustek web site lists this as windows 7 compatible ... http : www.mustek.com onlinestore product_info.php cpath 23 products_id 32
i would n't know . frankly , i returned it . it was n't working properly , and after numerous attempts to reach mustek 's consumer help with no response , i gave up . there appears to be no consumer help whatsoever , and it makes me wonder if they 're out of business or something . good luck .
yes , i fetched the drivers off mustek 's support website and they work perfectly on osx 10.6.8 and 10.8. i have n't tried 10.9 yet . make sure you have both the driver and the imageacquire . ( free downloads )
my mustek scanexpress a3 1200 pro scanner just stopped working . i 'm hoping someone can help me . when i launched imageacquire today , the window opened but when i clicked `` acquire '' nothing happened and then i had to force-quit the application . i uninstalled the driver and downloaded a fresh one from mustek 's website , but now my mac is telling me i can not install the new driver because there is a newer version of it somewhere on my hard drive . i can not locate it . i 've uninstalled several times but the driver-install software still recognizes one there . when i launch imageacquire now , it says `` no devices '' so the scanner is not recognized now . i rebooted several times , disconnected all cables , but i do n't know what further to do . please help ! thanks ! my mustek scanexpress a3 1200 pro scanner just stopped working . i 'm hoping someone can help me . when i launched imageacquire today , the window opened but when i clicked `` acquire '' nothing happened and then i had to force-quit the application . i uninstalled the driver and downloaded a fresh one from mustek 's website , but now my mac is telling me i can not install the new driver because there is a newer version of it somewhere on my hard drive . i can not locate it . i 've uninstalled several times but the driver-install software still recognizes one there . when i launch imageacquire now , ... » read more my mustek scanexpress a3 1200 pro scanner just stopped working . i 'm hoping someone can help me . when i launched imageacquire today , the window opened but when i clicked `` acquire '' nothing happened and then i had to force-quit the application . i uninstalled the driver and downloaded a fresh one from mustek 's website , but now my mac is telling me i can not install the new driver because there is a newer version of it somewhere on my hard drive . i can not locate it . i 've uninstalled several times but the driver-install software still recognizes one there . when i launch imageacquire now , it says `` no devices '' so the scanner is not recognized now . i rebooted several times , disconnected all cables , but i do n't know what further to do . please help ! thanks ! « show less
the print out size is the same as all printing calculators . the digital numbers on the calculator are larger .
about the size of a legal pad of paper 8x15 , or the size of a shoebox and about 4 pounds
rolls that are 2 1 4 inches wide . full rolls that are available back thru amazon , or staples , office depot etc . do n't buy the mini size rolls they will not last long .
i believe it 's corded
i use regular
no
yes
yes-one roll .
ribbon
if you can set the hp to print 4 x 6 paper , it should work . i use the kodak paper in a canon printer .
i would imagine that it would work in any printer with 4x6 capabilities .
it has n't worked well with my hp officejet 8600 - jams a lot . i think the back coating is too slick .
no , it is not preferated
sorry i ca n't help
denise as long as the printer can print on prem . photo paper then yes
the lazer printer may melt the glossy finish or possibly damage the printer . it may possibly work but i would n't try it . it 's not worth it .
not very thick but excellent photo paper .
i do n't know specifically sbout inkjet photo paper qualities , but any kind of media that 's not kept in cool , dark and dry conditions will degrade faster . i would n't recommend keeping this in your garage . keep it where you would like to be - inside , below 78 degrees with less than 50 % humidity - and not in direct sunlight .
i hope this makes sense as i am measuring it below the plastic . 6 16 '' or 1cm is as close as i can come .
not very thick ... maybe about 1 8 '' or so . it is usable on both sides as well as both edges for a total of 4 usable cutting surfaces as the blades do n't run down the center of the mat .
the cutting mat is the little strip that goes into your rotary trimmer for the blade to cut against when you cut your paper . it is usually self healing so it lasts longer , but they do wear out after a while and need to be replaced .
yes , very well and the quality is great .
you ca n't change the ribbon in the cartridge . you must purchase a new cartridge . the cartridge itself just slides into place with a little push . maybe something on your typewriter is bent .
a c 17657 does fit the super 12 model we have . thank you .
i strongly suggest for you to check with your machine 's cartridge requirements online via google.com for comparison ! better to know its limitations first . good luck now !
yes , it is .
yes , it is black ink .
the package the cartridge came in should list the specific model of the typewriter on it . if not , do a search on the internet for the model to find the preferred model of cartridges . the cartridge i purchased did list my machine on it .
the two front casters are locking . the adjustable width is an inside measurement .
the max height is 5 in . from floor to bottom of stand , and 7 in . from floor to bottom of pc . hope this helps .
it would hold a standard desktop fine . i had a large full tower setup with side fans and it was just too big and heavy . if you have a standard sized tower or desktop it should work perfectly . a gaming tower or graphics workstation is too much for it .
i 've had such a bad experience with this printer that i could not , in good consciousness , recommend it for any reason . but do n't take my word for it . check out all the one star reviews . http : www.amazon.com brother-mfc-465cn-inkjet-printer-networking product-reviews b000x9s1li ref=cm_cr_pr_hist_1 ? ie=utf8 &showviewpoints; =1 &sortby; =recent &reviewertype; =all_reviews &filterbystar; =one_star &pagenumber; =1 this thing drinks ink . it `` cleans '' the ink jet heads every day whether used or not , which uses up the ink . then , if one cartridge is empty all other functions stop.there are probably other brother brand printers that do better . unfortunately , this experience has turned me off their products.sorry if this was n't the answer you wanted . but i felt you should be aware of the risks . always check the one star reviews before buying anything . i 've had such a bad experience with this printer that i could not , in good consciousness , recommend it for any reason . but do n't take my word for it . check out all the one star reviews . http : www.amazon.com brother-mfc-465cn-inkjet-printer-networking product-reviews b000x9s1li ref=cm_cr_pr_hist_1 ? ie=utf8 &showviewpoints; =1 &sortby; =recent &reviewertype; =all_reviews & filterbystar ... ; » read more i 've had such a bad experience with this printer that i could not , in good consciousness , recommend it for any reason . but do n't take my word for it . check out all the one star reviews . http : www.amazon.com brother-mfc-465cn-inkjet-printer-networking product-reviews b000x9s1li ref=cm_cr_pr_hist_1 ? ie=utf8 &showviewpoints; =1 &sortby; =recent &reviewertype; =all_reviews &filterbystar; =one_star &pagenumber; =1 this thing drinks ink . it `` cleans '' the ink jet heads every day whether used or not , which uses up the ink . then , if one cartridge is empty all other functions stop.there are probably other brother brand printers that do better . unfortunately , this experience has turned me off their products.sorry if this was n't the answer you wanted . but i felt you should be aware of the risks . always check the one star reviews before buying anything . « show less
did you buy this unit ? i 'm looking to buy one too . does the fax software allow you to receice a fax to your computer before printing it ?
it comes with a cd so you can install it and i ca n't recall if it came with the cables . i would not buy this printer due to the very high cost of the ink . if one color runs out the whole machine does n't work . you ca n't print , scan , email or fax anything without all toner being full . this printer eats ink because it does a clean every two days . i left the machine unplugged and with only using the machine for scanning purposes i managed to get the ink to last a little longer than 3 weeks without unplugging the machine .
it has a small solar panel in the upper right hand corner and a backup battery .
owners manual says `` lithium g10 battery ''
yes ... ... one of the best buys i have ever made ... .
i would think you would just use the password you entered . i hope taking out the battery worked for you .
it does dollars automatically with an option to convert to euros .
the keys are all raised so you can feel them . hope that helps you .
will hold 3 entries .
the answer is a qualified `` yes . '' its adjustable backing consists of crimped wire separators . these are difficult to keep in position , nor are instructions for their use included . however , note that the sides of the drawers are of correct height to support hanging files , which is a better system for holding folders in position . higher sides on the drawers means that it is unnecessary to purchase separate racks to support hanging files . for partially full drawers , the crimped wires will have to do .
the outside measurement of the cabinet is 15 '' . the inside width of the drawer is 12 '' , which is standard width for a letter file of this type .
there is a lock on top , when you lock it it locks all the drawers , i love mine works great
not secure against a persistent intruder
the one i ordered is letter size but , possibly they offer a legal size 4-drawer vertical file .
no
it comes assembled just make sure not to flip the box around and keep the part that reads `` top '' on top as some of the drawers may come loose
whatever it is its not enough . i received 2 of them and both came in damaged . bad product and or terrible delivery .
it uses 2 aaa , which last a long time : )
no
sadly , no it does not .
take an equally small flat head screwdriver and pop the lid with it by putting it under the edge ( just a little ) closest to the middle ( same side as the screw hole ) . i just tried it , as it has been quite a while . i had to gently 'pop ' it in two spots on that edge .
moses , happy to help you..is 5 rows ( lines ) thes . pad , lists pad , timer pad , games pad , solver pad , red on off buttonthen 3 letter ( w numbers ) rows q 1 w 2 e 3 r 4 t 5 y 6 u 7 i 8 o 9 p 0a s d f g h j k lz x cv b n m small `` back '' padhelp pad , ? conf . pad , * delete pad , clear pad , enter pad , square pad for left right up down it is easy to use has many features i mainly use it for solving crossword puzzles , this is m6 3rd one & recommend it hope this helps drdlarge screen , it is larger than on my last franklin has very easy to read words is one line that move slowly & easy to read moses , happy to help you..is 5 rows ( lines ) thes . pad , lists pad , timer pad , games pad , solver pad , red on off buttonthen 3 letter ( w numbers ) rows q 1 w 2 e 3 r 4 t 5 y 6 u 7 i 8 o 9 p 0a s d f g h j k lz x cv b n m small `` back '' padhelp pad , ? conf . pad , * delete pad , clear pad , enter pad , square pad for left right up down it is easy to use has many features i mainly use it for solving crossword puzzles , this is m6 3rd one & recommend it hope this helps drdlarge screen , it is larger than on my last franklin has very easy to read words is one ... » read more moses , happy to help you..is 5 rows ( lines ) thes . pad , lists pad , timer pad , games pad , solver pad , red on off buttonthen 3 letter ( w numbers ) rows q 1 w 2 e 3 r 4 t 5 y 6 u 7 i 8 o 9 p 0a s d f g h j k lz x cv b n m small `` back '' padhelp pad , ? conf . pad , * delete pad , clear pad , enter pad , square pad for left right up down it is easy to use has many features i mainly use it for solving crossword puzzles , this is m6 3rd one & recommend it hope this helps drdlarge screen , it is larger than on my last franklin has very easy to read words is one line that move slowly & easy to read « show less
i ca n't answer because it was a gift . sorry
approx . 3x5 '' . fits in a large pocket . i like it very much
yes terri . , the games do contain anagrams rob
yes , both the keyboard and mouse rests are removable . they are attached with velcro .
10.5 w x 19 l. it will accommodate an ergo keyboard if you remove the wrist rest ( attached with velcro ) .
i measure it at a bit over 5 8 '' . note that the base of the arm that rides along the track is ~2 7 8 '' tall , so presuming you expect to move the keyboard base in and out on the track , you need 3 '' clearance . but then the whole keyboard tray can drop even lower , by another 5-6 '' at least , so your minimum clearance depends on how you expect to operate both the base moving in the track and also the tray position in the base when you move it .
sorry i can not help you with that one ... .we had limited space width , therefore do not have the mouse attached . aside from your question , i would add that the quality is very good with this product , and we are pleased with the purchase .
the depth to which it can be pushed in under the desk . actually , i 'd have preferred a shorter track bc this one sticks out ( 3 inches ) the back of the very narrow desk that i use , but it 's worth it to have an excellent ergonomic tray that is so versatile .
no the cisco ip phone does not come with the power supply .
this is a voip desk set . it must be plugged into a network so that it can communicate with the cisco unified messaging controllers .
if you are asking if you can use the 7942g as a standalone network ip phone , the answer is no . it is a cisco proprietary phone that uses the skinny client control protocol ( sccp ) for terminal control by a cisco phone switch .
there is no calculator. , but i feel it is worth the money .
no , i think you 're just supposed to tuck it under your arm .
no , some kind of synthetic . looks ok , though .
no handle or shoulder strap . it is not heavy , it is roomy ( i can put an ipad inside of it ) , hope that helps .
yes they do , i have it running on windows vista home premium 64bit
yea , you can select different `` profiles '' with settings like resolution , simplex vs duplex , color vs b & w . ;
i believe there 's a separate model for macs . try a search here for : scansnap mac
i checked the specifications on the fujitsu website , the data sheet says it has a capacity of ten pages . no information as to how it drops out the other end , but my guess is the pages just pile up .
how big is the drive that holds your `` my documents '' folder ? if you are scanning multiple , colour , double-sided pages at high quality resolution you may end up with a single doc that will take 100mb+ ...
i had the same question . the fujitsu website says it does . see link below.rickhttp : www.fujitsu.com us services computing peripherals scanners scansnap s1300.html
to install the casters simply flip the shredder on it 's side , put the casters in the holes underneath and tap them in with the palm of your hand till they snap in place .
i do n't think this ( or any good shredder ) has an odor . that being said , a faulty shredder ( any brand ) may have burning plastic odor when used at a stretch . or if you use an oil with odor to clean the shredder , that might be another reason . but the short answer - > this shredder - no odor .
considerably large . we shred a range of 200-400 sheets a week and i 'm changing out the bin weekly .
update . i contacted fellowes directly and they said that all the 99ci manufactured after october 2013 have the energy saving system ( ess ) that puts the shredder to `` standby '' after a few minutes of nonuse .
shredder oil is a lubricant designed to stay on the shredder blades for the amount of shredding to fill the collector basket one time , the shredder oil needs to be re-applied each and every subsequent collector basket filled with shredded material . the bottle that comes with the unit is enough for approx 3 baskets full of shredded material . keep the little bottle and refill it with a bigger bottle that can be ordered form amazon.com . this will keep the blades from getting overheated and keep them sharp as they cut through the material as needed ie audio , data or video discs and all of the documents or junk mail that arrives magically at your mail box.. as for applying the oil it is simple , just take the oil spout applicator cap ( and cut tip off so if will allow oil to flow ) that is on the bottle and turn the tip down into the blade assembly ( it is below the slot where you deposit material to be shredded ) and gently squeeze the bottle while moving from one end to the other end of cutter assembly and do not worry the oil will deposit on the cutters without any other concern . shredder oil is a lubricant designed to stay on the shredder blades for the amount of shredding to fill the collector basket one time , the shredder oil needs to be re-applied each and every subsequent collector basket filled with shredded material . the bottle that comes with the unit is enough for approx 3 baskets full of shredded material . keep the little bottle and refill it with a bigger bottle that can be ordered form amazon.com . this will keep the blades from getting overheated and keep them sharp as they cut through the material as needed ie audio , data or video discs and all of the ... » read more shredder oil is a lubricant designed to stay on the shredder blades for the amount of shredding to fill the collector basket one time , the shredder oil needs to be re-applied each and every subsequent collector basket filled with shredded material . the bottle that comes with the unit is enough for approx 3 baskets full of shredded material . keep the little bottle and refill it with a bigger bottle that can be ordered form amazon.com . this will keep the blades from getting overheated and keep them sharp as they cut through the material as needed ie audio , data or video discs and all of the documents or junk mail that arrives magically at your mail box.. as for applying the oil it is simple , just take the oil spout applicator cap ( and cut tip off so if will allow oil to flow ) that is on the bottle and turn the tip down into the blade assembly ( it is below the slot where you deposit material to be shredded ) and gently squeeze the bottle while moving from one end to the other end of cutter assembly and do not worry the oil will deposit on the cutters without any other concern . « show less
the wheels are rather hard to install . i used the palm of my hand to install them and it took several tries to get this done . when the first one went in i said to myself well these really do go with this machine . i do believe that once you get them installed you wo n't have to worry about them ever comming out . i have mine on carpeting and it rolls well . good luck and have a great day . mike hutson
speaking for myself , yes it 's appropriate for house use . i had accumulated several years of paper work and thus found it very conveniet when i finally got to shredding my stuff . i 'm not sorry for having purchased it and presumably you will not be sorry too .
about 30 pounds
this phone has a 20-foot line cord .
you should be able to pull out the little button at the top and turn it around to allow it to stay on .
no it has a sharpener where the eraser should be . i recommend moo erasers for this type of pencil .
one simply pushes the top end to retract the claws of the holder on the bottom , and the leads needs to be carefully inserted through those claws . the lead just `` drops '' in . there are no threads of any sort , but instead a solid tube to house the lead .
you will also need 2mm lead ( there are a variety of hardnesses and colors available ) , a 2mm lead sharpener ( lots of different styles , i reccomend the kum automatic long point two stage sharpener - it sharpens 2mm lead and it has a two stage long point sharpener for pencils - excellent points ) , and you will need an eraser , paper , ruler , and etc . most importantly you will need creativity and imagination ! have fun . i bought lots of these ( different brands and colors ) for a wide variety of lead hardnesses . this one feels more solid in comparison to some other brands but i have not yet come across any that are unsatisfactory . you will also need 2mm lead ( there are a variety of hardnesses and colors available ) , a 2mm lead sharpener ( lots of different styles , i reccomend the kum automatic long point two stage sharpener - it sharpens 2mm lead and it has a two stage long point sharpener for pencils - excellent points ) , and you will need an eraser , paper , ruler , and etc . most importantly you will need creativity and imagination ! have fun . i bought lots of these ( different brands and colors ) for a wide variety of lead hardnesses . this one feels more solid in comparison to some other brands but i have not yet come ... » read more you will also need 2mm lead ( there are a variety of hardnesses and colors available ) , a 2mm lead sharpener ( lots of different styles , i reccomend the kum automatic long point two stage sharpener - it sharpens 2mm lead and it has a two stage long point sharpener for pencils - excellent points ) , and you will need an eraser , paper , ruler , and etc . most importantly you will need creativity and imagination ! have fun . i bought lots of these ( different brands and colors ) for a wide variety of lead hardnesses . this one feels more solid in comparison to some other brands but i have not yet come across any that are unsatisfactory . « show less
the blue portion is mostly a sturdy plastic , the tip of the holder i believe is steel . its quite durable .
the frequency of sharpening depends on how you hold the pencil as well as on the softness of the lead.while i ca n't speak for anyone else , i never liked using mechanical ( .5mm ) pencils for sketching because a thin lead tends to go off the intended path very easily .
each 12 pc box of staedtler leads has a colored cap you can use to push out the lead .
only one piece of lead in the pencil and no cap . lead can be retracted into pencil body so cap not necessary
absolutely , the keyboard holder stores under the desk . the depth of the desk does matter . i have 18 inches of depth under my desk ; the keyboard holder makes it under hides perfectly under the desk . if you have less depth , the keyboard will protrude to some degree . the holder is 30.5 inches wide . the kensington easily holds my microsoft ergonomic 4000v1.0 keyboard , leaving an additional 10+ inches for a mouse and pad .
it 's the plastic tray that 's flimsy , the bracket is very sturdy . i used an existing particle board tray that was on the desk and replace the pull out brackets with the kensignton one . i would buy another one . you may be able to 'strengthen it up wit fiberglass or use a wood tray
the tray itself is modular . it has 3 main sections plus two small end sections . the main sections are about 10-12 inches wide and the two end sections are less than 1 inch wide . you can use 2 or all 3 main sections so your minimum available under desk width is about 22-24 inches for 2 sections or 36 or so inches for all three . the ends are not required , they just finish off the tray edges . you can also cut the third one with a dremel to have a custom with tray . i did this to fit under my wife 's desk so she could have the mouse next to the keyboard . she has been quite pleased with the entire affair.note if you trim one section , you will have to carefully fit the metal end that screws under the desk , because that piece will no longer be in the exact middle of the tray sections . not an issue at all . the tray itself is modular . it has 3 main sections plus two small end sections . the main sections are about 10-12 inches wide and the two end sections are less than 1 inch wide . you can use 2 or all 3 main sections so your minimum available under desk width is about 22-24 inches for 2 sections or 36 or so inches for all three . the ends are not required , they just finish off the tray edges . you can also cut the third one with a dremel to have a custom with tray . i did this to fit under my wife 's desk so she could have the mouse next to the keyboard . she has been quite pleased with the entire ... » read more the tray itself is modular . it has 3 main sections plus two small end sections . the main sections are about 10-12 inches wide and the two end sections are less than 1 inch wide . you can use 2 or all 3 main sections so your minimum available under desk width is about 22-24 inches for 2 sections or 36 or so inches for all three . the ends are not required , they just finish off the tray edges . you can also cut the third one with a dremel to have a custom with tray . i did this to fit under my wife 's desk so she could have the mouse next to the keyboard . she has been quite pleased with the entire affair.note if you trim one section , you will have to carefully fit the metal end that screws under the desk , because that piece will no longer be in the exact middle of the tray sections . not an issue at all . « show less
under the desk only
the item has a width of 10 '' . the length can be adjusted as well as the height .
the metal assembly for attaching the tray to a desktop is heavy , and should be attached to solid wood 1.5 '' in . thick or morethe unit is not very stable ( without adding side stabilizers ) to the keyboard when used at full width however .
no its not included in the box . i joined two l shaped metal brackets from the hardware store ( spanning about 3 inches ) to make a squared c shape for each side and attached them under the desk top and supporting under the tray on both sides . it works great and helps stabilize the unit .
yes it does
yes -- -apr 2016
the hp website for c5280 does state hp 74 & 75 cartridges for the c5280 . so , yes , is your answer .
yes , it is compatible .
there are two cartridges , one black and one color which makes it convenient .
the 75xl appears to be the same size as the regular size 74 and 75 to me , i compared them side by side . the new cartridges do appear to weigh more than the standard size new cartridge , however . i 've gotten the 74xl 's before and they are longer . the 75xl 's are not .
page yield : hp 74 , approx . 200 pages ; hp 75 , approx 170 color pages ( depends on printer and specific use )
im pretty sure they 're the same thing . it 's the part they create that 's uniquely what you 've asked for .
3 8 inch ( 9.5 mm )
the die is removable . below is a copy of the email i received from stampexpress , the company processing the order , prior to the completion of my order . it gives you an idea of what is posssible . i am sure you could get more specifics by emailing stampexpress directly . i hope this helps. -- -- -- -- -- -- - begin message -- -- -- -- -- -- -greetings , thank you for your embosser order . to produce your embosser , we will need the following information:1. embosser size style : 1-5 8 '' round or 1 '' x 2 '' rectangle2 . custom text* 1-5 8 '' round -top arch -bottom arch -inside line 1 -inside line 2 -inside line 3* 1 '' x 2 '' rectangle -up to 4 lines of custom text3 . position on the paper where the embosser will be used : top , left , bottom or right ( if not indicated , the embosser will be manufactured to emboss from the bottom of the page ) 4. typestyle : arial , helvetica , roman , script , optima , park avenue , zapf chancery , swiss outline , book antiquaplease reply back to this e-mail with the requested information , and we will immediately begin production of your order . thanks again for the order , we appreciate your business . sincerely , blanca - stampxpressq the die is removable . below is a copy of the email i received from stampexpress , the company processing the order , prior to the completion of my order . it gives you an idea of what is posssible . i am sure you could get more specifics by emailing stampexpress directly . i hope this helps. -- -- -- -- -- -- - begin message -- -- -- -- -- -- -greetings , thank you for your embosser order . to produce your embosser , we will need the following information:1. embosser size style : 1-5 8 '' round or 1 '' x 2 '' rectangle2 . custom text* 1-5 8 '' ... » read more the die is removable . below is a copy of the email i received from stampexpress , the company processing the order , prior to the completion of my order . it gives you an idea of what is posssible . i am sure you could get more specifics by emailing stampexpress directly . i hope this helps. -- -- -- -- -- -- - begin message -- -- -- -- -- -- -greetings , thank you for your embosser order . to produce your embosser , we will need the following information:1. embosser size style : 1-5 8 '' round or 1 '' x 2 '' rectangle2 . custom text* 1-5 8 '' round -top arch -bottom arch -inside line 1 -inside line 2 -inside line 3* 1 '' x 2 '' rectangle -up to 4 lines of custom text3 . position on the paper where the embosser will be used : top , left , bottom or right ( if not indicated , the embosser will be manufactured to emboss from the bottom of the page ) 4. typestyle : arial , helvetica , roman , script , optima , park avenue , zapf chancery , swiss outline , book antiquaplease reply back to this e-mail with the requested information , and we will immediately begin production of your order . thanks again for the order , we appreciate your business . sincerely , blanca - stampxpressq « show less
the plate can not be rotated . the embosser must be used at the bottom of the page to be upright .
20 characters is the limit and yes you can leave the initial out .
it can be . when you place your order , you specify where you want it to emboss .
yes we can make different insert with different design but can use the same handle
once you place order you will get email from our store .
i would purchase one with a metal plate . it seems to have problems embossing paper card stock .
i have 3 lines and our name line has 26 letters including periods and spaces . i do n't know what they allow , but due to its size , i would imagine you would n't want to do much more than that . hope this is helpful .
hello yes we are able to do that .
the plates are suppose to be removeable , but i think they would be hard to remove -- they seem on there pretty good . the only way to change the orientation would be to remove the plates and turn them upside down . ( i am thinking you want to emboss the top of the page ? ) i am looking at mine now and there are screws that hold it in , so you probably could do it . i love mine by the way -- just embossed 400 envelopes for my daughters wedding and they look amazing .
yes ! they will email you after you place the order . great customer service .
the embosser would be fine for stationary or envelopes ; i 'm not sure about napkins-it would depend on the quality of the paper . it is possible to change out the stamp , but it only goes in one way ( you can not change the orientation , at least not on mine ) . so , you could order a second stamp ( without replacing the entire embosser ) that was `` upside-down , '' and thus use it on the bottom rather than the top of a page .
you can change out the die , but when i tried to order a different address i had to order an entirely new system . the handle hurts your hand if you do a lot of envelopes and i 've had complaints from older people that they ca n't read my address . i love the embossed look , but if i had to do it again , i 'd go with an ink stamper like this : www.simplystamps.com address_stamps-list.aspx
the seller contacted me by email and i provided the info that way ... read whatever instructions they send you carefully .
approx . 1.5 ''
no . it can not . just the ones they have . you can write your companies name but not logo . i would recommend to get the ink stamp , its way better .
yes ! they will email you after you place the order . great customer service .
the seller contacted me by email and i provided the info that way ... read whatever instructions they send you carefully .
no . it can not . just the ones they have . you can write your companies name but not logo . i would recommend to get the ink stamp , its way better .
you can change out the die , but when i tried to order a different address i had to order an entirely new system . the handle hurts your hand if you do a lot of envelopes and i 've had complaints from older people that they ca n't read my address . i love the embossed look , but if i had to do it again , i 'd go with an ink stamper like this : www.simplystamps.com address_stamps-list.aspx
the embosser would be fine for stationary or envelopes ; i 'm not sure about napkins-it would depend on the quality of the paper . it is possible to change out the stamp , but it only goes in one way ( you can not change the orientation , at least not on mine ) . so , you could order a second stamp ( without replacing the entire embosser ) that was `` upside-down , '' and thus use it on the bottom rather than the top of a page .
approx . 1.5 ''
yes its a nice wide tray plenty of room . its very sturdy and i highly recommend it . i have been really happy with it and use it in our office over 40hrs a week . this is top quality and not a cheesy flimsy key board tray . it has been holding up really well in our construction office ! thats saying someting ; - )
depends how flimsy your desk is . my desk is n't real wood and this keyboard tray attached fine . i 've been using it for at least a few years now with no harm to the desk .
the specs from the 3m page state : http : solutions.3m.com 3mcontentretrievalapi blobservlet ? locale=en_us &lmd; =1202748629000 &assetid; =1114305874053 &assettype; =mmm_image &blobattribute; =imagefilemax depth below mounting surface inches ( mm ) 4.5 '' ( 114 ) i measured 4.75 '' hope this helps .
the tray does rotate at least 90 degrees , so it is possible to turn it sideways to slide it in . whether that will work with your particular configuration depends on whether there is clearance under your desktop to slide it in . on my desk , the pedestal stand blocks it . it can only slide in parallel , not perpendicular , to the desk work surface .
the longer track is primarily for a corner unit which requires the keyboard to extend further . if you do n't have a corner unit , the short track is the appropriate choice . when you install the unit , do not follow the installation template ( unless they have changed it ) . what you want to do is fit the track to the underside of the desk so that the keyboard will be fully retracted under the desk when stowed . if you use the template , it will stick out .
you would have to trim standard 8 1 2 x 11 paper whether folded vertically or horizontally .
not as it comes . you must purchase a separate pen loop to attach to it .
it is definitely smooth leather that is has a very nice heft to it . it keeps it flat .
hi , the extra line or cord or `` wax rope '' how you call it , is a bookmark , this is for you to put on the notebook page you want to separate or open easily , some people hang a bead or a metal charm from it to give weight to it .
yes
supposedly 6. i have 4 in now with no problem . watch jennifer harvey youtube videos . she has one to show you how to use 6 inserts at a time .
yes
it is definitely smooth leather that is has a very nice heft to it . it keeps it flat .
you would have to trim standard 8 1 2 x 11 paper whether folded vertically or horizontally .
not as it comes . you must purchase a separate pen loop to attach to it .
supposedly 6. i have 4 in now with no problem . watch jennifer harvey youtube videos . she has one to show you how to use 6 inserts at a time .
hi , the extra line or cord or `` wax rope '' how you call it , is a bookmark , this is for you to put on the notebook page you want to separate or open easily , some people hang a bead or a metal charm from it to give weight to it .
not sure what sound is like on the deskphone speakerphone . but we use this polycom cx100 for conference calls between our factory in the philippines , and us office . we have been using these for about 3 years or more , and have had no problems . sound is good , and microphone picks up very well .
yes , it will work with any application where you normally use a headset to talk .
i have never owned the jabra 510. but i own a business in the philippines , and live in the us , so we make calls almost daily with out polycom speaker phone . in fact , i have one on both ends . i carry one in my briefcase , and have one connected to a laptop in the conference room , at our factory in the philippines . i used to work for bank of america , as a logistics manager , where we had conference calls almost daily . they used a huge , `` expensive '' conference phone in the conference rooms . i swear , this little rascal packs as much punch as those huge $ 500 conference phones we used then . it 's small enough i can carry in my briefcase , yet powerful enough i can have a conference call with my factory managers , in a small office . perfect for what i need , and have never had any problems with either phone . chris , owner , island enterprises . i have never owned the jabra 510. but i own a business in the philippines , and live in the us , so we make calls almost daily with out polycom speaker phone . in fact , i have one on both ends . i carry one in my briefcase , and have one connected to a laptop in the conference room , at our factory in the philippines . i used to work for bank of america , as a logistics manager , where we had conference calls almost daily . they used a huge , `` expensive '' conference phone in the conference rooms . i swear , this little rascal packs as much punch as those huge $ 500 conference phones we ... » read more i have never owned the jabra 510. but i own a business in the philippines , and live in the us , so we make calls almost daily with out polycom speaker phone . in fact , i have one on both ends . i carry one in my briefcase , and have one connected to a laptop in the conference room , at our factory in the philippines . i used to work for bank of america , as a logistics manager , where we had conference calls almost daily . they used a huge , `` expensive '' conference phone in the conference rooms . i swear , this little rascal packs as much punch as those huge $ 500 conference phones we used then . it 's small enough i can carry in my briefcase , yet powerful enough i can have a conference call with my factory managers , in a small office . perfect for what i need , and have never had any problems with either phone . chris , owner , island enterprises . « show less
it has a regular , full sized , usb male connector and that also powers the speaker .
yes
no . it is a usb connection for pc or laptop .
when you pull off the backing you put two sticky side sheets together to get the lamination effect . the backing is ruled in sections so it is easy to cut to the size you need . it 's softer than lets say an old laminated drivers license , but it does the trick.s
i have n't tried . i use waterproof products for my purposes . just be careful the fuser in the printer could melt it . if you do try it i 'd like to know how it turns out .
they are self adhesive , not for laminators , sorry .
no on an ink jet . yes on a laser printer . good luck .
i use these weekly and they are the very best on the market to date for the money ! i have tryed several other types and have been very very dis-satisfied.now i will only use fellows.they are superior to any others i have tried !
no it does not
yes . perfectly clear ( like windows ) so you see everything behind it .
laminating sheets and only the back is . the ones i received for some reason need to be put through on the heat setting .
yes -- -- somewhere about 1 32. hold down works well tiny bit of deflection on large stack not a problem .
yes . make sure to wax the blade with white candle wax . a tiny little is enough .
hi casey , we have this machine and use it at our elementary school - we love it ! the blade opening is 12 '' wide , so you can only use paper up to 12 '' wide , but you can take the paper guide off the machine and cut any length of paper . so to answer your question - yes , it will cut the 11wx17l and 12wx18l paper .
this machine is fabulous ! it will cut small amounts of paper in addition to bulk . i 've used it to cut 2 sheets of card stock and it did wonderful - although it takes a few minutes to set the pressure foot .
no it moves back and foward and it swivels ..but nothing locks it down when you dont want it to move
i think that will depend on what the depth of your cpu is . you can mount the cpu anywhere on the `` trolley '' and clamp it down . in your case , i would be thinking more along the line of installing the track at an angle under the desk so i would be able to rotate the cpu a bit forward while i was rotating it to get to the front dvd and usb ports , as well as then be able to slide it back under and rotate it so it is flush against the back of the desk when i do n't need access .
yes the side bar is adjustable in height as well as width
the mounting base is 17 '' in length & 5.75 '' wide . the pc centers on the hanging bracket , so make sure you have enough room at the back for pc and the cables so they do not get damage if pushed into the wall .
as i recall , i believe it uses a rubber pad and the clamping action of the assembly . it is in no danger of coming out of the bracket even after lots of bracket sliding . it feels very secure once put together .
no . not if your desk is an inch thick .
it is possible if it is done correctly .
the package indicates brightness of 100. i can attest that it is very bright paper .
no , it would not be too thick . in fact it would be ideal for such an application . the paper is thick enough and it is perfectly opaque so that the colors , etc . willnot bleed through . i use it to make greeting cards and it is marvelous for that application as well .
yes ! love this weight !
yes it will !
i have not tried to print color pictures on both sides , so i do n't know what the results would be . but , if you hold the paper up to the light , ( with the print facing the light ) you will see the print through the blank side .
i have been using the paper on a hp deskjet 1600c . they paper works great for this printer .
i do n't have hpenvy printer ( mine is officejet pro x576 ) , but i ca n't imagine why it would not work .
it is not glossy , but a full-color print will have a sheen ( at least in my laser printer ) . i 'm sorry i do n't know about double-sided copies .
works fine with 7
all you do is pull down ( forward and down ) on the front and then just pull the cartridge out ( a little upward and out ) . to put in the new cartridge just push in the cartridge with a little downward motion until it clicks in place and close the door .
only if you are copying something from the internet or your computer and sending it to the printer wireless .
hello maureen i am not sure what you mean `` reverse printing '' so am going to recommend you contact brother tech support at 1-877-276-8437 hope this helps thanks for asking
gawd no .
what do you mean by a regular printer ?
yes it does , it 's just manual.you select it in the printing properties box under advanced , second tab over . it prints the even ( or odd , ca n't quite remember ) pages first , you put the pages back in as indicated on screen and it finishes the job . it works great . i 've printed several game faqs front and back to save paper and have n't had an issue yet .
yes . i have windows 8 and it works great for me !
device weight ( does not include printing supplies ) * device : 2.0 kg ( 4.2 lb )
no
not a clue . i used it with a hp notebook laptop computer . sorry .
works great no worries
it will not scan . it is just a printer . it will print legal size paper . here is a link to the manual for this printer : http : www.hp.com ctg manual c01272430.pdf
470
no
according to the hp website , this printer is in fact hp eprint mobile app compatible . http : h10025.www1.hp.com ewfrf wc document ? docname=c02814760 &lc; =en &cc; =us &dlc; =en # n2938i have not confirmed it so you should investigate for yourself .
i was having this problem as well , after contacting brother directly , i found a two step approach worked ... this is a copy of the sections from the email from brother : verify the printer is configured with a valid ip address.a . print out the network setting page by pressing the set button three times . a page will now print on the brother printer with the current network settings . if the ip address of the printer starts with 169.254.x.x , the printer is not communicating with the dhcp server on your network . *note : if the brother machine was just connected to the network it may take up to 2 minutes before this option is available . b. on your pc , open the command prompt:2000 xp users , click on start , run , erase any existing text in this box then type cmd and click ok. type ipconfig at the prompt , then press enter . c. compare the ip address , subnet , and gateway of the pc listed in the command prompt to the information listed on the network settings list printed from the printer.the first three sets of numbers should be identical . the last sequence of numbers must be different . if this is not the case you will need to change the ip address of the printer . d. ping the brother ip address.open the command prompt on the pc by clicking start , run , and then eraseany existing text in this box.at the command prompt type : ping xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx ( xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx = the ip address listed on the network ) if there is a reply to the ping command , verify the driver is configuredwith the correct ip address . 1. click on windows start and type control printers in the start search line . press the enter key . 2. right click on the brother driver in the printers list and select properties . 3. select the ports tab . 4. expand the port column so you can see the entire name or ip address the port is assigned to . 5. verify this number is the same as the ip address from the network settings page . if the number is different , click the add port ... button . 6. select standard tcp ip port and click new port . follow the new port wizard to assign the printer the ip address you configured for the printer . close the new port window . 7. click apply to set the ip address port in the properties . click ok toexit properties . 8. print a test to confirm the printer is now online and working . brother strongly recommends assigning the printer a static ip address . you can use the current ip address or obtain a new ip address from your network administrator or internet service provider . once you have obtained an ip address for the printer you will need to assign that ip address to the printer and set it as a static ip address . 1. open an internet web browser ( ex . internet explorer ) . 2. enter the current printer ip address on the address line and press the enter key on the keyboard . this will display the printer 's built in web management page . 3. select network configuration . a login screen will appear . the defaultuser name is admin . the default password is access . click ok. 4. click configure tcp ip . 5. keep the same ip address or enter the new ip address in the ip address field . 6. next to boot method select static . 7. click submit . 8. close the internet web browser . 9. print the network configuration from the printer again by pressing the go button three times . verify the ip address listed on the last pageis the ip address your network administrator or internet service provider supplied to you . to the right of the ip address , it will indicate ( set manually ) .doing these two things got the printer up and running on all three machines on my network . if it does n't work still , contact brother , they seem to be helpful i was having this problem as well , after contacting brother directly , i found a two step approach worked ... this is a copy of the sections from the email from brother : verify the printer is configured with a valid ip address.a . print out the network setting page by pressing the set button three times . a page will now print on the brother printer with the current network settings . if the ip address of the printer starts with 169.254.x.x , the printer is not communicating with the dhcp server on your network . *note : if the brother machine ... » read more i was having this problem as well , after contacting brother directly , i found a two step approach worked ... this is a copy of the sections from the email from brother : verify the printer is configured with a valid ip address.a . print out the network setting page by pressing the set button three times . a page will now print on the brother printer with the current network settings . if the ip address of the printer starts with 169.254.x.x , the printer is not communicating with the dhcp server on your network . *note : if the brother machine was just connected to the network it may take up to 2 minutes before this option is available . b. on your pc , open the command prompt:2000 xp users , click on start , run , erase any existing text in this box then type cmd and click ok. type ipconfig at the prompt , then press enter . c. compare the ip address , subnet , and gateway of the pc listed in the command prompt to the information listed on the network settings list printed from the printer.the first three sets of numbers should be identical . the last sequence of numbers must be different . if this is not the case you will need to change the ip address of the printer . d. ping the brother ip address.open the command prompt on the pc by clicking start , run , and then eraseany existing text in this box.at the command prompt type : ping xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx ( xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx = the ip address listed on the network ) if there is a reply to the ping command , verify the driver is configuredwith the correct ip address . 1. click on windows start and type control printers in the start search line . press the enter key . 2. right click on the brother driver in the printers list and select properties . 3. select the ports tab . 4. expand the port column so you can see the entire name or ip address the port is assigned to . 5. verify this number is the same as the ip address from the network settings page . if the number is different , click the add port ... button . 6. select standard tcp ip port and click new port . follow the new port wizard to assign the printer the ip address you configured for the printer . close the new port window . 7. click apply to set the ip address port in the properties . click ok toexit properties . 8. print a test to confirm the printer is now online and working . brother strongly recommends assigning the printer a static ip address . you can use the current ip address or obtain a new ip address from your network administrator or internet service provider . once you have obtained an ip address for the printer you will need to assign that ip address to the printer and set it as a static ip address . 1. open an internet web browser ( ex . internet explorer ) . 2. enter the current printer ip address on the address line and press the enter key on the keyboard . this will display the printer 's built in web management page . 3. select network configuration . a login screen will appear . the defaultuser name is admin . the default password is access . click ok. 4. click configure tcp ip . 5. keep the same ip address or enter the new ip address in the ip address field . 6. next to boot method select static . 7. click submit . 8. close the internet web browser . 9. print the network configuration from the printer again by pressing the go button three times . verify the ip address listed on the last pageis the ip address your network administrator or internet service provider supplied to you . to the right of the ip address , it will indicate ( set manually ) .doing these two things got the printer up and running on all three machines on my network . if it does n't work still , contact brother , they seem to be helpful « show less
in a way selling the drum separate saves you money from having to buy a toner cartridge with a new drum each time . this is in theory of course and is the reason why some toner cartridges cost more than brother , because some include a new drum in each toner cartridge assembly . the drum is basically the part that the toner sticks to in the form of the image which is rolled onto the paper before it gets fused to the paper by the heat rollers . what this means is that whenever the drum gets damaged or worn out you could end up with low quality prints . consider the fact that brother drums usually need to change after 12000 prints so average the number of pages you print per month then you will know how often you would need to purchase a new drum.there are guides on the internet about how to maintain your laser printer by doing things like sucking out the excess toner dust with a vacuum which in the long run could extend the life of your drum unit . i hope this answers your question . in a way selling the drum separate saves you money from having to buy a toner cartridge with a new drum each time . this is in theory of course and is the reason why some toner cartridges cost more than brother , because some include a new drum in each toner cartridge assembly . the drum is basically the part that the toner sticks to in the form of the image which is rolled onto the paper before it gets fused to the paper by the heat rollers . what this means is that whenever the drum gets damaged or worn out you could end up with low quality prints . consider the fact that brother drums usually ... » read more in a way selling the drum separate saves you money from having to buy a toner cartridge with a new drum each time . this is in theory of course and is the reason why some toner cartridges cost more than brother , because some include a new drum in each toner cartridge assembly . the drum is basically the part that the toner sticks to in the form of the image which is rolled onto the paper before it gets fused to the paper by the heat rollers . what this means is that whenever the drum gets damaged or worn out you could end up with low quality prints . consider the fact that brother drums usually need to change after 12000 prints so average the number of pages you print per month then you will know how often you would need to purchase a new drum.there are guides on the internet about how to maintain your laser printer by doing things like sucking out the excess toner dust with a vacuum which in the long run could extend the life of your drum unit . i hope this answers your question . « show less
the printer comes with a starter cartridge , which will print 800 to 1000 pages . a full cartridge usually prints about 3000 pages .
standard 8 1 2 x 11. great printer ; been using it heavily for 5 years and it still works great .
according to this website , http : support.apple.com kb ht4356 , the hl2170w is not compatible with airprint .
yes . if you setup the printer as a wireless printer you will be able to print to the printer just like it was plugged into the laptop . of course you will need the printer and the laptop connected to the same wirless signal . you will also be able to print from other computers as well . mac or pc . if you are running vista or older it will be very difficult to setup but if you have windows 7 or later it is a breeze to setup
yes . it supports ipp as well as lpr d and cups ppd files are available via brothers site in both .debs and .rpms.also the interface can be configured via telnet . http : solutions.brother.com linux en_us download_prn.html # hl-2170w
there 's lots of instructions online . do a search . i could never get it to work and i do n't fancy myself to be a moron .
unless the ink color has changed , the traditional blue ink refills for parker ( made by parker , not the gel , but regular ink ) are kind of turquoise color . that 's what i like most about them . i prefer the blue to the black . to me , they look somewhere between a turquoise and royal blue , depending on the paper you 're writing on .
the pen and the refill both say france .
for short periods , the answer is yes . i have not had occasion to write upside down for a sustained period ( 30-60 minutes ) , so i can not offer guidance on that .
yes , refills for this pen are all over amazon
my pen is stainless on the top and medium blue on the lower half . however i 'm not sure all the pens are the same combination . the pen writes smoothly . great pen .
hold the colored part of the pen and twist it from the top .
black , blue or red
yes . my wife used it to hem a pair of blue jean shorts last summer and it has held fast up to this point .
it 's safe to mail
this would not be the thing to use on lycra if it was a large area . if its a dot where you want to hole it together . i use the stretch stitch on what stretches . i used this when making rosaries out of twine string . i use it to glue the one connecting knot and the cross made out of knotted sting . it holds up well in the wash. if it were another non stretch fabric it should hold good . i have used it to repair the tear in the couch . then got an upholstery repair kit to go over it with black and the leather design on the couch . but it is not stretchie and would not stetch with the lycra . if you wanted to use it for a small design or an ornament on the fabric it should work for that . this would not be the thing to use on lycra if it was a large area . if its a dot where you want to hole it together . i use the stretch stitch on what stretches . i used this when making rosaries out of twine string . i use it to glue the one connecting knot and the cross made out of knotted sting . it holds up well in the wash. if it were another non stretch fabric it should hold good . i have used it to repair the tear in the couch . then got an upholstery repair kit to go over it with black and the leather design on the couch . but it is not stretchie and would not stetch with the lycra . if ... » read more this would not be the thing to use on lycra if it was a large area . if its a dot where you want to hole it together . i use the stretch stitch on what stretches . i used this when making rosaries out of twine string . i use it to glue the one connecting knot and the cross made out of knotted sting . it holds up well in the wash. if it were another non stretch fabric it should hold good . i have used it to repair the tear in the couch . then got an upholstery repair kit to go over it with black and the leather design on the couch . but it is not stretchie and would not stetch with the lycra . if you wanted to use it for a small design or an ornament on the fabric it should work for that . « show less
yes . probably . i 'm not familiar with crafting , but its a great glue that i 've used for multiple purposes . its not runny , dries clear , and holds up through washing water .
it wo n't be strong enough . i use e6000 for stuff like that . you can get it here on amazon for a good price .
yes it will work .
i assume you know that the toner cartridge is distinct from the drum , and that the drum lasts about 4 toner cartridges . the 1.5 '' patern does reflect the circumference of the toner cartridge roller ( how 'bout that 2 pi r ? ) , so if your drum is n't old , then i 'd guess you 're right that it 's a bad toner cartridge -- i 've never had one bleed , and my drum is going on 10,000 pages ( well past the 8500 page rated life ) .
no , i purchased this item this year - 2014 .
it appears to be oem . it works perfectly in my copier scanner . i 'm very happy with it .
no it will not dry or get damage as long you keep it inside your office or house an a normal environment regardsgreen world recycling
oh , yes . original brother equipment . works perfectly . well packaged for shipping . no complaint whatsoever .
25 total . you can upgrade for more i think 25 at a time .
no , it 's basically like a little computer all by itself . you put it in the wall and employees clock in and out and it stores them all in the memory of the clock ( something like 20,000 punches ) . you can access the info by hooking it up to usb , but it 's kind of slow . i hooked it up to my network using the ethernet port on the bottom . now i can access the data any time , and it 's pretty fast . if you can do that too , i 'd recommend it .
no it does n't
yes , you would need to connect the machine to your pc or to your network in order to access employee data .
it will be fine . once it 's plugged into your network it 's all done through the web browser .
i found the punch codes on page 26 of the user guide : h is for high hours , and m is for max hours . i 'd assume you have a punch entered without an out punch , and the punch is more than 24 hours old . if that 's the case , the system thinks the punch pair is too long and will display those codes . all you have to do is complete the punch pair and it will look right .
no - the value is that it is fairly reliable and i can print 13x19 photos with ease . jim t .
no , it is not . it 's technology is based on it 's type of printhead which is micro p based .
i 've used it a few times and it works fine so far . i 've also used the same function on the epson r200 , which worked well at first , then apparently the leading edge of the cd carrier got worn , so placement of the cd got quite tricky . once i found the correct location , it worked great but it became frustrating getting the exact location . i hope that 's been solved in the newer r1900 . the cd creation software is ok , but there is probably better if you really want to get fancy . i have n't really looked for a better program , though .
this is a great printer although an older one , but it prints up to 13inches wide by 19inches long . you can print longer with roll paper .
screws on both sides , very easy and very good product
no i do n't think it comes with one because it does n't really need one . screw the piece into the wall which has the threads on the outside . next , finger screw the cupped outer part onto that . finally , align the peg on the base of the door in such a way that it mates well with the cup on the wall , and affix it to the door with the remaining screws .
maybe , it does hold the door with a pretty powerful magnet .
i do n't see why you could n't use it outside . it might not hold up as well , but they are not that expensive . if it does n't hold up to the weather buy a new one .
no
i used mine on an interior hollow core door , so do n't know . however , it has decent holding power . depends on your closer . i recommend you buy one ( seeing as they are relatively cheap ) , screw each half to separate blocks of wood . clamp one to the door and hold affix the other near your hold-open position to test it . or just get a latching stop like most other closer assisted metal doors i 've seen . but then you 'd have to bend down every time you want to latch or unlatch . i 'd say the test may be worthwhile .
4 ''
no , 8.5 x 11 only
they dont come with hanging folders .
i just tried it , and it will .
yes , it will .
the hanging rails are only on the sides ; you would n't be able to hold hanging legal files . also , this is much longer than a legal file so the dimensions would n't be right .
not really , it 's a pain the top completely separates from the bottom .
i received the file without the lid . the lid was not on the packing list .
the file assembled is 16 1 2 inches long , 13 1 2 inches wide and with the wheels 12 3 4 inches high . i was able to get 20 hanging file folders with room to move about .
np it 's not . this one only works with your pc on
magic jack must be connected through a computer to the internet in order to work .
it 's already out and called the nettalk tk 6000 - just like magic jack but no computer necessary ... not available on amazon
do not buy this product -- if you ever need to port your number from magic jack mj will `` jack '' you aroundmagicjack 's low cost is not an excuse to provide poor customer service . as to call quality , i agree that you get what you pay for . so , i decided to change from magicjack to ooma . that was june 22. when ooma told me that mj was having trouble porting my number , i wrote with all the information at my disposal , including the account numbers and passwords emailed to me by mj -- which , to avoid typos , i cut-and-pasted . shortly after i got my email receipt from the porting division , i was blocked from my mj account . i have continued to get emails from ooma customer service telling me that the information mj sent to me when i opened the mj account is not valid . i have two mj phone lines but only ported the first . i tried to access my second on the internet . blocked . i used my second line a few days ago , it worked . i just tried to use it and , despite the dial tone , no ability to call out . i called the number from another phone and it was bounced to my forwarding number but did n't ring on the phone mj is connected to.mj ported my tmobile number in 2 days for the first number and 1 day for the second . it is now ten days since i was informed that ooma was having trouble porting . so , i filed two fcc complaints today and informed mj 's porting company ( ymaxporting @ maxcorp.com ) that i was doing so . i also informed mj that i was going to relate my problems to prospective purchasers at amazon . i hope that my mistake will not become yours . do not buy this product -- if you ever need to port your number from magic jack mj will `` jack '' you aroundmagicjack 's low cost is not an excuse to provide poor customer service . as to call quality , i agree that you get what you pay for . so , i decided to change from magicjack to ooma . that was june 22. when ooma told me that mj was having trouble porting my number , i wrote with all the information at my disposal , including the account numbers and passwords emailed to me by mj -- which , to avoid typos , i cut-and-pasted . shortly after i got my email receipt from the porting ... » read more do not buy this product -- if you ever need to port your number from magic jack mj will `` jack '' you aroundmagicjack 's low cost is not an excuse to provide poor customer service . as to call quality , i agree that you get what you pay for . so , i decided to change from magicjack to ooma . that was june 22. when ooma told me that mj was having trouble porting my number , i wrote with all the information at my disposal , including the account numbers and passwords emailed to me by mj -- which , to avoid typos , i cut-and-pasted . shortly after i got my email receipt from the porting division , i was blocked from my mj account . i have continued to get emails from ooma customer service telling me that the information mj sent to me when i opened the mj account is not valid . i have two mj phone lines but only ported the first . i tried to access my second on the internet . blocked . i used my second line a few days ago , it worked . i just tried to use it and , despite the dial tone , no ability to call out . i called the number from another phone and it was bounced to my forwarding number but did n't ring on the phone mj is connected to.mj ported my tmobile number in 2 days for the first number and 1 day for the second . it is now ten days since i was informed that ooma was having trouble porting . so , i filed two fcc complaints today and informed mj 's porting company ( ymaxporting @ maxcorp.com ) that i was doing so . i also informed mj that i was going to relate my problems to prospective purchasers at amazon . i hope that my mistake will not become yours . « show less
i understand that it will work on anything that has a usb port and connects to the internet , but , i found that since the inventor passed away and the company is owned by someone else , the reception is not as clear , cuts in and out . do n't know about the magicjack that plugs into the wall , also , the company is hard to deal with .
then you need to leave a computer on with usb
leather
yes , black .
no they do n't . i 've had it for more than a year under constant work and it looks as good as the day i bought it .
i do n't think so . it does have a `` hold '' button , but i do n't know how you 'd alert another phone to pick the call up .
yes . you can forward it to your cell if you are away from your office home .
not sure what the means . it is a good 2 line phone . 2nd line is a fax line . works great . excellent sound quality .
while i can not answer your question regarding voip , i can tell you that had my housekeeper not thrown the box out for this phone i would have returned it . when i dial a number , more times than not i get a recording that the number can not be completed as dialed . however , if i then push redial , the number is picked up as i originally put it in . i would not recommend this phone .
they were new , and they are great .
this is not a phone system that you add hand held phones two . it is nothing more than what it is ; a two-line phone .
pick up the receiver , dial *72 and then the # you 're forwarding your calls to . it will announce that the calls are being forwarded . to cancel , dial * 73 .
i have at &t; u-verse and the phone works well with no batteries required . the speakerphone does have a 120v adaptor for power .
yes ! : - )
you just plug it into a regular phone jack . no system needed .
sl - 1856 has been replaced by at &t; cl4940 . thanks !
i sent the phone back because i was not able to hang it on my wall .
i have the phone for many years and it works in the usa . sorry , but i have no idea if it will work in ireland .
the number of the person calling will show up on the phone ( caller id ) .
i believe so , according to the directions . look up the manual on line , and that will confirm things .
yes , this phone system has caller id but of course you must pay for caller id service through your phone company .
the way the wall mount sits , it creates a space where the filter would sit and allow it to be flush on the wall .
three
do you already own the phone ? if so , look inside the handset & get the number off the battery pack & put that number into a search engine . i was able to do that with the number on my phone 's battery and amazon actually sells my battery pack for $ 7.69 for a 2-pack . otherwise , a battery store or electronics store ( like best buy ) would probably be a good option to try . if your phone is just getting uncharged a lot and the battery is not bad , remember that this phone does have 3 handsets and all charge on any of the 3 bases . you should be able to grab one of the other handsets if the one you 're using runs out of power . just pop the uncharged one on to recharge . do you already own the phone ? if so , look inside the handset & get the number off the battery pack & put that number into a search engine . i was able to do that with the number on my phone 's battery and amazon actually sells my battery pack for $ 7.69 for a 2-pack . otherwise , a battery store or electronics store ( like best buy ) would probably be a good option to try . if your phone is just getting uncharged a lot and the battery is not bad , remember that this phone does have 3 handsets and all charge on any of the 3 bases . you should be able to grab one of the other handsets if the one you 're ... » read more do you already own the phone ? if so , look inside the handset & get the number off the battery pack & put that number into a search engine . i was able to do that with the number on my phone 's battery and amazon actually sells my battery pack for $ 7.69 for a 2-pack . otherwise , a battery store or electronics store ( like best buy ) would probably be a good option to try . if your phone is just getting uncharged a lot and the battery is not bad , remember that this phone does have 3 handsets and all charge on any of the 3 bases . you should be able to grab one of the other handsets if the one you 're using runs out of power . just pop the uncharged one on to recharge . « show less
i did not see any bleed through . i always used them to fill out one sided documents and log sheets . however , i do n't think they would be good for two sided writing because the ink is such a heavy line and dark . ( unless the paper was thicker than the standard notebook sheet or copy paper . )
yes , they will weep out into a porous or absorbent fabric , vs. a ball point , which has to spin to dispense ink .
the writing tip is metal , not the silver colored plastic below the soft grip . the things i like best about this pen are the weight and feel , but the most important thing is the ink . the ink flows smoothly ( no clumping ) and dries as quickly as i write , so there is no smudging and you get a beautiful consistent line .
i ca n't compare these to the pilot uni but these are my all time favorite pens . they are smooth and they do not bleed thru my calendars . i 've been using them for a few years now and i do n't feel the need to try other brands . i highly recommend them �
in the four times they 've been on the plane with me , they have n't leaked at all .
i measure 3 8 '' .
its 2012-2023
todays date is displayed as `` dec 21 2013 ''
no blanks for the day , but you can do hyphens ( - ) or forward slashes ( ) .
it is a great stamp for mobile office , i think . it is very durable and lightweight . i ca n't think of any other stamp that would be better than this one . plus , you can lock it to make it shorter for transport . i do n't think that any accidental stamping could happen . the stamping material is well beneath it 's coverings . it is very well made you wont regret it . i use it every day and quite a lot . my colleagues have had it for years with no problems . hope this helps .
i 'm sure it could if you knew how to swap it , but it looks like it 'd be fairly difficult to wrestle the ink pad out to switch to a different color .
yes . loaded with black ink and ready to go out of the box . i think it also came with an empty ink pad in case you want to use another ink color . i have been using mine for about 2 years and have yet to had to re-ink it .
i do n't have any other than use anyway this machine is not really goodi already contact to manufacturer and they said i have to return to you let me know
yes it can if it is properly maintained .
its 120v standard american outlet
both . the 31 is just a larger capacity .
the size is approx . 17 inches wide & 12 '' depth & 6 '' height
yes and will also work with windows 8
not as far as i know . i do n't think the printer will like that .
it will print both text and photos . it will go through ink quickly , but the pictures come out very nice . you can print text in greyscale to reserve ink .
yes it does . i have a new 10.75 mac laptop and a new desk top and it works with both - unlike all the rest of my hardware that does n't .
no , its only a printer . thanks .
omg , thank you so much b. batt ! holding down the `` stop '' button worked perfectly to resent my mp980 !
no : either usb or ethernet .
i realize this may sound like a stupid response , but are you sure you have chosen the `` black '' button vs. the `` color '' button when copying ?
i 've only had my mx850 for a week - and yes the installation is confusing - especially if you plan on using it as a networked printer , but once i got it figured out it 's working very well under 10.5 leopard . have printed from various apps ( preview.app adobe indesign etc . ) without any issues . the network scan works great . so far i am pretty happy with this purchase with exception of the network setup which is very confusing ( you have to hook a computer to the printer via usb before you can use it over the network ! : )
try this : http : support.apple.com kb ht3669 ? viewlocale=fr_fr &locale; =fr_fr
i got this printer 3 weeks ago and have made incredible photo lab pictureswith the very easy to use canon software . this elimiinates errors saving photo paper.canon photo pro-ii is advertised as a 100 year life with the new inks in this printer .
i have used card stock and it works . no problem .
afraid not . here is the specification out of the manual . model : al13p power : 600w voltage : 110-120v ac , 2.4a @ 60hz
i ordered pouches from different places . but , amazon and staples pretty much gets me any size and thickness i need . you need to specify your thickness for a best answer .
yes it can .
i laminated 12 x 18 calendars and it came out great !
i had n't bothered to check until you asked , but yes , there is a quick release switch in the back ( labeled `` abs '' ) .update : i do n't know why dozyjulie said it does n't , but i just tested it , and it works as a quick release switch . you can pull the paper out easily after moving the switch , whereas you will have a hard time getting it out with moving the switch .
if the entire sheet is in among the rollers you will need professional help to get it out . when i had part of a insulating sleeve partially caught in it i took off the upper heat shield over the rollers and ran it in reverse and used a very dull butter knife to dig pry it out . ideally i would not recommend this as there is a possibility of damaging the rollers and or being electrocuted ( the knife i used was all metal without a insulating handle ) . i was lucky to get it all out otherwise i would have had to replace the laminator ( like too many things these days that would have been cheaper than paying to fix it ) . if the entire sheet is in among the rollers you will need professional help to get it out . when i had part of a insulating sleeve partially caught in it i took off the upper heat shield over the rollers and ran it in reverse and used a very dull butter knife to dig pry it out . ideally i would not recommend this as there is a possibility of damaging the rollers and or being electrocuted ( the knife i used was all metal without a insulating handle ) . i was lucky to get it all out otherwise i would have had to replace the laminator ( like too many things these days that would have been cheaper ... » read more if the entire sheet is in among the rollers you will need professional help to get it out . when i had part of a insulating sleeve partially caught in it i took off the upper heat shield over the rollers and ran it in reverse and used a very dull butter knife to dig pry it out . ideally i would not recommend this as there is a possibility of damaging the rollers and or being electrocuted ( the knife i used was all metal without a insulating handle ) . i was lucky to get it all out otherwise i would have had to replace the laminator ( like too many things these days that would have been cheaper than paying to fix it ) . « show less
not sure if mat board is too thick but we have used poster board , card stock and various weights of papers . the thicker your stock , the laminator needs a higher temperature in order to seal properly . that seems to be a guess for the heat setting most times . a micrometer can help measure thickness and possibly help you choose a proper heat setting . sometimes the material can be run through again at a higher temperature if the seal was n't clear the first time .
no it does not . it allows you to set the temperature based on the mill thickness of the lamination plastic you use . i wo n't work well at all if you use a carrier .
yes , it 'll work fine on cardstock . i 've even run poster board through the laminator . however , you 'll have to increase your heat to a higher temperature to adjust for the stock thickness ( probably near 350 + degrees ) . this is where a set of calipers is very beneficial . you measure the thickness in mils of the cardstock within the laminate ( before heating ) - then you know what temperature to set before running it through . for instance , if your stock is 7 mil thick and you use a 3 mil laminate , the heat would need to be set for 10 mil . if you do not have calipers , you 'll have to guess . if you run your stock through and it is still cloudy and did n't adhere , feel free to run it through a second time at a higher temperature . good luck getting the hang of it ! yes , it 'll work fine on cardstock . i 've even run poster board through the laminator . however , you 'll have to increase your heat to a higher temperature to adjust for the stock thickness ( probably near 350 + degrees ) . this is where a set of calipers is very beneficial . you measure the thickness in mils of the cardstock within the laminate ( before heating ) - then you know what temperature to set before running it through . for instance , if your stock is 7 mil thick and you use a 3 mil laminate , the heat would need to be set for 10 mil . if you do not have calipers , you 'll have to guess . if you ... » read more yes , it 'll work fine on cardstock . i 've even run poster board through the laminator . however , you 'll have to increase your heat to a higher temperature to adjust for the stock thickness ( probably near 350 + degrees ) . this is where a set of calipers is very beneficial . you measure the thickness in mils of the cardstock within the laminate ( before heating ) - then you know what temperature to set before running it through . for instance , if your stock is 7 mil thick and you use a 3 mil laminate , the heat would need to be set for 10 mil . if you do not have calipers , you 'll have to guess . if you run your stock through and it is still cloudy and did n't adhere , feel free to run it through a second time at a higher temperature . good luck getting the hang of it ! « show less
we have not tried that size , but the opening is 17 '' wide , so ...
just make sure you have the machine hot enough ( around 250 degrees ) and that you feed the sleeves starting with the sealed end first
you can cut your document right at the paper edge and the film will still adhere . it does adhere to the paper surface , but you will always get a cleaner edge if you leave at least 1 16 '' of lamination over the document . i got a corner stamp that gives my corners a nice 1 4 round edge , and makes your document look more finished and professional . you can even use the 1 4 round punch on your laminated product even if you cut it right to the document edge . hope that helps !
i had to open it to expose the rollers because the gears on the end of the rollers did not make contact.. i used a small rat tail file and a shim off the metal of a beer can that holds gears together ... .. then it works quite well ... ..
no , i 'm sorry i have n't done 18x24 pouches . the machine certainly looks like it will take that size though .
yes i have done 24 '' x 10 '
to be able to adjust roller pressure , i would say .625 material max
depends on the laminate you use . there is optically clear laminate available
yes , rollers are rubber coated . i do n't have it with me here but it will not open to 3 4 of an inch . it will accept 1 2 inch substrata however .
i ordered avery self-adhesive laminating roll 24in x 600in b000061c71 this worked well . i have two rolls of this type of laminating paper i could send to you , as i do not use this laminator anymore . it did not work with my specific needs . let me know if interested . i paid $ 38 dollars for ea roll . i would send to you for free ... just ask for shipping costs . sqawnie @ hotmail.com
transfer tape
i only use this machine for transfer tape
the lexmark x9575 printer is not compatible with windows 8.1
fanstastic !
lexmark 43 xl- color and 44xl - black
8.5 '' x 14 ''
this printer ( lexmark x9575 ) does have the option to print it grey scale only , and i have never had any connection problems with the wireless printing .
yes it does but i 'm never used it in fax mode
no it is not ! i sent it back when i purchased it .
i just took a look at mine and it says 'made in china ' .
not too loud , but only last 6 months with light use
i got about 5 minuts of solid shredding out of it before i smelled burning plastic and the damn thing stopped working . i 'm too lazy to return stuff so not sure about customer service
13 '' h x 12.5 '' w x 8.5 ''
no , it does not have wheels .
the machine does not even shred regular paper well . i had to return it .
32 '' wide by 7.25 '' deep by 10 '' high if you include the uprights on the sides . it 's a great addition to my little desk ... adds a lot of usable space for supplies and i mounted a little fluorescent light under the shelf to help me with my paper work . i love the side slots to store files or a couple of books , etc .
no , i do n't think it is wide enough nor sturdy enough for a printer on top . ( underneath , sure , depending on the size of the printer . )
they are approximately 2 inches wide
that 's a problem , there 's no stop to keep you from pulling it out too far . i went macgyver and made one with 2 paper clips .
no . it can barely hold one , weight-wise .
i ordered these forms for the year 2014 and i was sent 2013
i got the forms and envelopes . i am not sure if there is a cd with this order ? if she wants , i still have some forms left over , so she can use them ? pj
i would guess no . i always order mine in january for the preceding year and always get the proper forms . if you look at the comment history , people that order in december get the previous years forms .
no , they 're 2013 .
well , i was n't looking for much , just a handset that i could mount on the wall . it has served that purpose well . i looked around a bit and found the following description if its features `` emerson slimline phone- lighted ring indicator- big button keypad- 10 number memory- handset volume control- ringer on off switch- mute redial flash- buttons are on the handset- hearing aid compatible- desk or wall mountablesoem2116 ''
tone pulse
no . it is the most `` elementary '' of phones that i have dealt with being a former bell employee who sold zillions of types of phones . the only reason you would want this phone is because of the low price . everything else about it screams `` cheap '' ! we got rid of ours after about 6 months of use as my wife really did not like anything about it . it was so light that it moved all over the place when you would pick it up to answer it . i made a heavy walnut base for it to keep this from happening but it still did not past muster according to `` the boss '' . so , since i am an advocate of using the two simple words that lead to a happy marriage i said , `` yes dear '' and it waa history . no . it is the most `` elementary '' of phones that i have dealt with being a former bell employee who sold zillions of types of phones . the only reason you would want this phone is because of the low price . everything else about it screams `` cheap '' ! we got rid of ours after about 6 months of use as my wife really did not like anything about it . it was so light that it moved all over the place when you would pick it up to answer it . i made a heavy walnut base for it to keep this from happening but it still did not past muster according to `` the boss '' . so , since i am ... » read more no . it is the most `` elementary '' of phones that i have dealt with being a former bell employee who sold zillions of types of phones . the only reason you would want this phone is because of the low price . everything else about it screams `` cheap '' ! we got rid of ours after about 6 months of use as my wife really did not like anything about it . it was so light that it moved all over the place when you would pick it up to answer it . i made a heavy walnut base for it to keep this from happening but it still did not past muster according to `` the boss '' . so , since i am an advocate of using the two simple words that lead to a happy marriage i said , `` yes dear '' and it waa history . « show less
yes the cord is removable on both ends .
marcia , i have no real help for you , my phone is still working great . sorry
there 's is a volume slide switch on the hand set . not sure if it 's hearing aid compatible ... .
the cord is 2 feet or 3 feet if i stretch all the way . the ring tone is too low to be heard in the next room . very dissatified . do not buy this phone .
i do n't think so , there is no room , when hung on the wall .
it said a lot of things that were not true , like having an adjustable ringer . false ! likewise it rang loud enough to wake the dead without my adding any batteries to it . no batteries were necessary . i gave it away to a charity pick up . perhaps some person hard of hearing can enjoy it . i would avoid this phone !
on the side of the phone there is a ringer volume . i think if you pull it down that is the loudest . try it both ways
no , it could not be adjusted despite being advertised as having an adjustable ringer . i got `` taken '' on this one . beware !
this is a very basic phone . we are able to answer call-waiting by using the hook to click over to the waiting call . hope this helps !
yes it should fit the existing wall plate .
i purchased the phone for my brother in law with parkinson 's plus . unfortunately , he was unable to use it successfully in the nursing home and it was removed from his room . i really do n't know anything about it 's workings and that was 2 years ago.he has since passed .
sorry , do n't ferment . never used the phone . purchased for my father who never used it .
no
2000
it is a size 8 font . pull up word or notepad , use the calibri font , sz 8 .
about an 1 8 of an inch tall , and an inch wide .
i just purchased one , and the dates are 2008 to 2019 .
the one i have begins with 2009
it sucks . it stopped working properly within a few months after buying .
about 14 inches tall
i do n't know what quilling is . all i know is that you have to feed it only one sheet at a time or it will jam , and it is really hard to remove the papers once they get stuck .
4 or 5 average thickness sheets .
yes , they are metal .
2023
there is no need to worry about the stamp drying out . the ink is designed not to dry out if you leave it in the open air . it will stay wet for a long , long time . that is why this ink can be used only on paper or cardboard , where it can soak into the material . a little bit of ink does get used each time you stamp something , so you will need to re-ink it eventually , but this has nothing to do with the ink drying up .
it is self inking . if not , it 's not working correctly
no .
just re-ink . different pads are available at staples and office depot in other colors . most standard ink pads will fit .
they are markers ... but i would not recommend this set . there were too many that were almost completely dried out . i am very disappointed in this purchase ! i bought tombow brushes before and love them ... my suggestion not to buy these particular ones was based on almost 1 3 of them were almost dried out upon arrival . thank you to another of you who recommends wetting the tip on the ones that appear dried out .
i use them with my creative haven books all the time . they *will* bleed through , so a design printed on only one side is preferable . the bullet tip is more likely to cause the paper to pill than the brush tip . bottom line -- good quality paper is a must . but that being said , i really really enjoy using these markers !
yes
nope sorry , but just know ( because i did n't ) these are not an acid free , light fast , archival medium . they will fade and change with time .
yes . fine point and brush tip .
well , they actually work on any kind of paper . but they are excellent on every watercolor paper
basically , these are water-based markers with both a brush tip and a medium tip . i have not tried them on any other surface besides different types of papers . as for a fixative , you could make them semi-permanent with any type of watercolor fixative . however , they are not light-fast in my experience . these are fun markers in a huge range of colors . they are not an archival medium .
i had same question and answer is `` yes , '' per panasonic 's product page : http : www2.panasonic.com consumer-electronics shop phones-fax telephones dect-6-0-phones model.kx-tg9344t_11002_7000000000000005702
this was a great phone that is no longer available . i keep writing to uniden hoping they will remake them . it was the size of a credit card and came with a headset . i still use my old one , the numbers ca n't be read and it 's taped together . i will hate to see this friend pass on . maybe if enough of us bugged uniden they would reconsider.uniden pocket size 2.4 ghz dss mini headset cordless phone
no it is not . only for 110v .
yes they do have speakerphones
hold the stapler upside down and lift the black part and slide it open .
it is about 2-2.5 inches long
standard staples work just fine !
unfortunately it does not
the computer stand with casters on is 14 '' high it is 17 '' long 13 '' wide it is easy to assemble and is of sturdy plastic i really like mine i can put it under my desk or roll it where i need it to be
the bottom opening is big enough to fit three reams of paper . a printer that is 9 '' tall would n't fit .
i forgot to add that the height is a tad over 13 '' with the casters .
the castors come in a separate plastic bag and you need to put them on the cart really like mine would recommend it highly
we use polyester paper from xerox too . i have not had that issue during printing , only before and after . the xerox paper does come with instructions on use and storage on their insert . i know weather humidity can be an issue . form pp-3 is the one that came with my paper , both front and back have instructions . you may want to contact xerox .
yes it is . i have used it in our garden center for years with tremendous success . it does n't fade or crack , and it prints just like a sheet of paper in my konica minolta magicolor 5650en . of course , it 's also waterproof .
i print on it regularly , but have never tried color . if it is a laser printer , the print stays on even when wet . the paper is not chemical prrof though .
yes . good stuff !
yes . i 've used it to collect subtidal data .
yes
yes . i use a color copier to print on it , and we have written on it with pen and marker . it is amazing paper .
yep , it is just as flexible as regular paper .
no , there are only two columns separated by a red vertical line .
two columns . the first column is about 3 4 inch . the second column is about 4 inches .
25
yes you can add sheets . i 'm not sure how many but you definitely can add some .
1½ inches
tabs are single tabs a thru t and then it is uv , wx , yz
possibly an ipad mini but definitely not an ipad
since i do n't own a kindle fire i was gon na pass on this question ... but after comparing the dimensions of the kindle fire on the internet ( 7.6 '' x5.4 '' x.4 '' ) and the dimensions of the day timer the fire should fit nicely in the outside pocket , with a little extra room .
note book compartment is 10.75 '' long , 7.75 '' wide , 1.75 '' deep pocket is 8.5 '' wide , 6 '' long , 1.75 '' deep , sits on the outside of the notebook compartment
yes , it would easily fit
absolutely ! also very roomy and of great quality . i take this portfolio everywhere and so far it has held up wonderfully despite the everyday abuse it endures . i 'm sure you will enjoy this as much as i have .
yes it works fine in your lap , i have used it several times that way with no issues . i 've seen padfolios with more to offer ( zippers , more pockets etc ... ) however it is light weight and efficient for the tasking i require . i also use it to house my kindle hdx fire when it 's not in use . great product all around
there are slots on the top and the bottom for the writing pad to be inserted into . so it can be used by left handed person .
no . the inside zippered pocket is smaller than 8.5 x 11. however , the open pocket behind the inside zippered pocket will hold 8.5 x 11 papers .
yes , it has a pen holder next to the pad of paper .
no but there is plenty of room for a side bound notebook inside . the top bound pad gives a bit more stability to the portfolio . the picture does n't show it but inside , on the left inside of the portfolio are ares for business card , cdss as well as a zippered compartment . there 's also a non-zippered compartment for a tablet or ipad . the top bound pad does n't obstruct these . it 's really a very nice portfolio , especially for the price . others i looked at were in the $ 60 range .
it can accommodate an 8 1 2 x 11 pad and that size will fit great , but not the 8 1 2 x 17. it 's a great zipper binder ; it 's not leather ; however it 's not the leather price either . i 'm a professional musician and carry a lot of my sheet music in it ( 8 1 2 x 11 ) and works for what i use it for . i hope that this helps .
it says that they are 13.1 ( l ) x 10.6 ( w ) x 1.5 ( h ) inches . from what i can see on mine , that 's fairly accurate .
it 's well made but i have no idea where it 's made . i discarded the packing a while back .
no , it is all metal and we have n't had any issues .
the bell will not work if it is mounted vertically ! the swinging weighted piece inside the bell is what allows the `` button '' on the top to stay lifted . when it is on a wall , the weight does n't keep the `` button '' up , so when you push on it , there is no movement and no sound !
this pitch is extremely high . i 've given this question hours of thought and have determined that the pitch of the ring is very similar to that of a screeching jackal . a sub-saharan jackal , not your north african types .
i do n't think so . the bottom ( black ) part is metal with no solid base .
sure it is loud , i am using it at a hostal reception and the sound is loud enough to hear it from the first floor .
item worked fine . no longer have item , misplaced during move .
it needs to be connected to a computer , where it saves the images.it does not convert negatives .
no , it ca n't .
if you have windows 7 professional , ultimate , or enterprise ; you can run it in a windows xp virtual machine , the so-called windows xp mode . this is what i do . see http : windows.microsoft.com en-us windows7 products features windows-xp-mode , if amazon does n't strip out the url , or just do a search for windows xp mode on windows 7 .
i do n't know
both shelves are 18 1 2 x 17 with 4 3 4 '' between the two . hope this helps , it is a nice little stand .
read the entire ad and you 'll see the manufacturer 's specifications which will give you the specific height and width
yes , the handle is a completely separate piece that does n't act to support to the top shelf . you 'd just have a couple of holes there where it would otherwise screw in .
they can be removed
i ca n't tell you specifically how much weight it supports . but i can tell you that it is very sturdy . its a solid piece on each side that is strong . we currently use it with a heavy printer on the top and laptop replicator on the bottom . i can physically put my weight on the open end with no faulter . hope this helps .
it will , with a wonderful point .
i do not know what the warranty covers , that said , my unit is working great and as heavy duty as it appears to be , i would think you would have to put foreign objects in it to break it .
if you mean what are its physical dimensions - then i would say it is about 6 inches wide at the middle , and roughly as tall and deep as an unsharpened no 2 pencil . not small . the product info says 10.6 x 6.1 x 9 inches
one
yes , this sharpener will sharpen ticonderoga beginners pencils . the largest hole setting is just over 1 cm .
my students use it to sharpen colored pencils . just make sure they 're regular colored pencils , and not actually pastels , which are much softer and would not sharpen . i 'm a teacher , and a lot of my kids have used them for colored pencils with no problem . mine is now over a year old , and still working beautifully ...
i 've been using this brand of pen for years - cap on , cap off , works perfectly - never had a problem . only thing i 've noticed when leaving the cap off is you 'll probably pick up a little dust dirt on the tip . but overall , best i 've used .
no , not yet .
the cap does not fit on the barrel . you leave the cap around your neck . the pen is rather short that way .
yes . the 2 i 've had fit snugly .
it uses the same refill as the fisher bullet pen .
it snaps on very securely .
these standard height chairs will not go this high . you would need an extended height cylinder . backstore
i 'm not sure i understand the question , but i am 6'1 '' and the chair fits me perfectly-lots of adjustments . i did buy the headrest .
21 ''
it is very simple . takes about 15 minutes . most of the time is just getting it out of the box and unwrapping . very efficient and clear .
fits everyone up to 6'3 '' and weighing at least 275 ... .comfortably
it did not . but assembly is very easy .
i believe so as most desks are 26 inches . also , the seat is adjustable , so for storage it definitely should fit . i have had one of these chairs for 6 months now and think it is the finest chair i ever owned and have had no trouble fitting it to my desk . email the company to make sure it will fit under your desk .
i have been using this and other such toners for my canon from or through amazon with 100 % satisfactory results -- no difference in any way ( to me ) from cannon originals . emptys , i would assume , results from a manufacturer 's error . send them back and get replacements , or call amazon customer service -- i have found them accessible and responsive .
yes . i have the 4350d and it works great.and it costs a lpt lass . great deal
have no idea because there is no counter on the printer . we just use them until they run out . the seem to last as long as any other toner cartridge we have used . i do not have anything concrete to back this up .
i used this toner for approx . one year and have had no problems with odd odors .
product dimensions : 20.9 x 30.1 x 30.2 inches ; 112 pounds
you 're actually able to 'choose ' whichever you prefer after it 's assembled . two rows of front to back letter size folder ... or ... like you want & i have mine ... one from side to side . it 's a very good quality , too . i love my cabinet . hope that helps .
no glass doors on this that i am aware of , but i only purchased the two drawer lateral cabinet . been very pleased with the product .
no it is not lockable , but i have the desk two ends and cornet large really nice ... .
i do n't have the hutch . i only have the cabinet . sorry !
30 inches wide , 30 inches high and 21 inches deep
if you mean quadratic function , yes . it will solve polynomials up to and including the sixth degree , both real and complex roots . it does not have natural display , but it is easy to use .
i 'm sorry but i do n't know .
it 's black on top with white around the sides and back and the hard case is white .
if you keep the manual on hand , you 'll be fine . this calculator is much more intuitive than the ti 's i 've used , and can do everything they can do .
no . but it solves definite integrals quickly and accurately .
yeah , i personally used it for my sat reasoning ( oct 2013 ) test and my sat math level 2 subject test ( nov 2,2013 ) . its an acceptable calculator for all sat tests which require a calculator .
i think this one has all features , just the user 's interface is soooooo bad and it s so hard to use ...
yes
yes it is a very good calculator ... i use this calculator for college all the time..i love it ... but it is not in common use teachers and most do n't know how use it ... they only know the a texas brands most likely ... you might have to learn how to use it on your own ... but it is not that hard to grasp ... just watch simple youtube videos about it ... this calculator is simply amazing
hi , we do not engrave . engraving voids our return policy . best regards
its a medium and it brings one when you get it .
it can be placed on top but i have noticed some friction scrapes and that the cap does not lock on so as you write or move your hand quickly the cap can fly off . i usually unscrew the cap and place it on the surface ( desk ) next to what i am writing on .
hi there . as far as i know , and considering all the criteria to know if a montblanc is real as showed in the web , the pen i got is real . i bought mine from amazon . it come in the original montblanc case , about the warranty i dont know , but i know that if you buy it from authorized retailer you might get it , otherwise the first buyer is the one that get that warranty .
you mean is the cartridge full or empty ? yes it 's full of ink .
it is two piece .
yes serial on the pen which matches certificate in the box .
did you ever resolve this issue ? i have the same issue .
i 'm not 100 % sure . at one point there were different products for mac vs. pc . unless you are looking to buy a used version of this scanner you should probably get the newer model which has better integration with programs like evernote . if you do buy this model it works fantastic and scanning is still a breeze . i have n't upgraded mine because the one i have functions perfectly well . fujitisu 's website should have the information and drivers ... also i 'm not an expert at what works with xp , 7 and 8 .
no you can not do that . the document feeder is designed to hold 10 pages . when your scanner completes scanning a document the software will prompt for a name one document at a time . there is no batch scanning feature .
well . one difference which was important to me is that the s300 has a bend near the scanning element which makes it impossible to scan a thicker card .
nope , sorry
12 '' my friend , good luck
no it does not
so are you saying that if you layed it flat on a straight table , you could fit like a piece of paper under it towards the middle ?
no
no , this is not a metric engineering scale rule . it is imperial .
i just looked up the lexmark website and it says that it does work w mac . 10.3.9 , 10.4.4 and 10.5x intel , powerpc . i do n't know how well it works , but i want one !
turn printer on . raise main lid - not copier lid . cartridges will move to center . lift latch over cartridges and insert new cartridges . lower latch ( s ) lower cover , and you 're in business . note - if you use 'remanf ' cartridges , you will have minor problems . the readout will tell you ink is low - it is n't . just acknowledge it and go . the colors of remfg as as good as lexmark , but you go through the hassle .
i want to scan old pictures to my computer . if logos and graphics do n't come as expected i am skeptical about photos . has anybody attempted pictures ?
flatbed
do n't know , however have a x4650 printer and the 36xl and the 37xl work fine .
maybe it´s because you entered the incorrect printer model . my printer is a x4650 and it work perfectly ...
the return progtam is when you agree to send back the empty cartridges for the factory to refill and send out to buy again . at one time they offered so much for each one one that you returned . not sure if they still do that . your cartridge error is the printer does not like the brand that you put in the printer to print with . i used a off bramd one time for it was cheaper and my printer did not like it and if you have a lexmark that printer is fussy . it has something to do with the lines on the cartridge . i do not buy any thing but lexmark brand anymore . love the xl sizes for it lasts so long . the return progtam is when you agree to send back the empty cartridges for the factory to refill and send out to buy again . at one time they offered so much for each one one that you returned . not sure if they still do that . your cartridge error is the printer does not like the brand that you put in the printer to print with . i used a off bramd one time for it was cheaper and my printer did not like it and if you have a lexmark that printer is fussy . it has something to do with the lines on the cartridge . i do not buy any thing but lexmark brand anymore . love the xl sizes ... » read more the return progtam is when you agree to send back the empty cartridges for the factory to refill and send out to buy again . at one time they offered so much for each one one that you returned . not sure if they still do that . your cartridge error is the printer does not like the brand that you put in the printer to print with . i used a off bramd one time for it was cheaper and my printer did not like it and if you have a lexmark that printer is fussy . it has something to do with the lines on the cartridge . i do not buy any thing but lexmark brand anymore . love the xl sizes for it lasts so long . « show less
i do n't have an answer for you . i bought the cartridges as a gift .
the 36xl and 37xl cartridges contain more ink allowing more pages to be printed than the standard cartridges . if you do a lot of printing you will want to use 36xl and 37xl cartridges . i have also found that it is cheaper to purchase xl cartridges and comparison shop each time before you buy . the price seems to change frequently .
not sure with a kit , but when i have taken them in to a place to get them refilled , i 'm told that lexmark cartridges are `` not '' refillable ...
1 color & 1 black
yes . it 's the one in the photo . you have to fill it with the dropper which was a new concept for me . it also comes with a ball point 'nib ' if you do n't like fountain pen nibs . it 's really a pretty fair pen ; it will practically write in the air . it has a tendency to drip . it was worse at first so i do n't know if it 's the pen or if i had to get used to writing with it . also , the cap on mine eventually cracked . it 's plastic after all . i 'm bummed because it had become one of my favorite pens and it holds gallons of ink .
my pen arrived in the same condition . however , i did not realize that this was the rollerball nib until after putting ink in it and then coming to the realization that this was , in fact , the rollerball nib . i plan to just use up the ink already in the pen and then attempt to extract the roller nib tip out of the pen body ( with tweasers ? ) . it 's going to be messy , but oh well .
the short answer is yes , most noodlers inks are archival in quality . heart of darkness is a very good ink ; deep color , easy flow , and very permanent . some of noodlers inks are forger resistant beyond the standards other companies claim ; resisting many solvents and bleach . to determine for sure if heart of darkness is one of those you would need to visit http : noodlersink.com . i think this is one of the bulletproof inks they sell . my kids and i both enjoy this ink immensely for writing and art .
it 's an unbranded platinum preppie with a fine nib , set up as an eyedropper . even if you have plenty of other pens , it 's still worth having as a spare for work or home .
hi , it should work out okay , there will still be some of the black ink in the nib . when that ink is used , than the heart of darkness will flow in right behind it . heart of darkness is a very nice ink , dries fast , and it 's a nice shade
the ink is very different to anything pilot makes . first it is waterproof . it handles well in most pens i have tried it in . i have not been impressed with the fountain pens they market . this one was modified to work without a cartridge and you fill it with a dropper . the result is a huge reservoir . the nib is japanese and works fine . i am not convinced the huge reservoir is needed , and i can tell you if it leaks you are looking at a huge mess too . i find that most of noodlers descriptions of their inks ( i own 4 different types ) are extremely accurate , were other inks just say they are good products . the ink is very different to anything pilot makes . first it is waterproof . it handles well in most pens i have tried it in . i have not been impressed with the fountain pens they market . this one was modified to work without a cartridge and you fill it with a dropper . the result is a huge reservoir . the nib is japanese and works fine . i am not convinced the huge reservoir is needed , and i can tell you if it leaks you are looking at a huge mess too . i find that most of noodlers descriptions of their inks ( i own 4 different types ) are extremely accurate , were other inks just say they are good ... » read more the ink is very different to anything pilot makes . first it is waterproof . it handles well in most pens i have tried it in . i have not been impressed with the fountain pens they market . this one was modified to work without a cartridge and you fill it with a dropper . the result is a huge reservoir . the nib is japanese and works fine . i am not convinced the huge reservoir is needed , and i can tell you if it leaks you are looking at a huge mess too . i find that most of noodlers descriptions of their inks ( i own 4 different types ) are extremely accurate , were other inks just say they are good products . « show less
the pen included is a platinum preppy ( without all the writing on it ) and it is very easy to fill with the dropper . the only problem you will have is filling non eye-dropper pens . then you will have to decant the ink to a container with a larger opening to fill those pens .
it is a fine nib ... it writes really well also . it is more like a germany fine . the japanese fine is definitely a thinner line . hope this helps . cheers
the nib and cartridge can be cleaned by flushing with water . h.o.d . will wash off of skin using soap and water . it must be water based . once dry , this ink will not wash off cellulose based products such as paper . that is why the term `` bulletproof '' is given to this type ink . being fade resistant , h.o.d . is also called `` eternal . '' check their website to find out the properties of h.o.d . very good ink . i hope this helps .
my power button collapsed too . i pulled it back out with tweezers and now never turn it off ! not the best fix for saving electricity , but it 's about all i can do . if i turn it off each night , it 's a bear-cat to get it popped back out again . good luck !
i do n't have window 8 but i think it should work . just try it wo n't hurt to try .
there are 2 ways.use the software that came with the printer.just press the scan button on the printer .
before buying this printer , please do not pay more than 70.00-80.00 for this printer . when i bought brand new 5 years ago , it was 69.00. that 's all it cost when they first came out . this printer is not the latest model , but it is a great printer , and scanner . just do some research on the price . now to answer your question . you do n't need a disk . your computer will recognize the printer and add it . i have my printer loaded on 3 computers , and have never used a disc . just plug the power cord in , then the printer cord to your laptop or computer . it will say a device has been added , and will ask if okay . if you have never done this before , it 's still very easy to figure out . your computer will help guide you . it 's about a 2 minute process . if for some reason your computer does not recognize the printer , you can `` install '' a driver from online . you may contact me , if you need more help doing this . before buying this printer , please do not pay more than 70.00-80.00 for this printer . when i bought brand new 5 years ago , it was 69.00. that 's all it cost when they first came out . this printer is not the latest model , but it is a great printer , and scanner . just do some research on the price . now to answer your question . you do n't need a disk . your computer will recognize the printer and add it . i have my printer loaded on 3 computers , and have never used a disc . just plug the power cord in , then the printer cord to your laptop or computer . it will say a device has ... » read more before buying this printer , please do not pay more than 70.00-80.00 for this printer . when i bought brand new 5 years ago , it was 69.00. that 's all it cost when they first came out . this printer is not the latest model , but it is a great printer , and scanner . just do some research on the price . now to answer your question . you do n't need a disk . your computer will recognize the printer and add it . i have my printer loaded on 3 computers , and have never used a disc . just plug the power cord in , then the printer cord to your laptop or computer . it will say a device has been added , and will ask if okay . if you have never done this before , it 's still very easy to figure out . your computer will help guide you . it 's about a 2 minute process . if for some reason your computer does not recognize the printer , you can `` install '' a driver from online . you may contact me , if you need more help doing this . « show less
hi mary , i do n't know the answer as we always work with 4 pieces of a bulletin . we love this stapler though.it has been a godsend for us .
manufacturer : paper pro in usa , and they give oem to taiwan , so made in `` taiwan ''
it uses regular staples .
holding the stapler with opening to the right , lift black handle and fold backward . at the right end of the mechanism is a black plastic end cap . pull the black cap out to the right ( horizontally ) and place staples in the empty carriage at the left .
yes i use it for my 55 '' tv and soundbar and it could probably hold more . very sturdy and well made .
i have n't tried to remove it but it is just screwed on from what i can tell .
yes you can leave them off .
8 '' to the top of the shelf .
i ca n't say but i have 2 @ 22 '' flat screen computer monitors on mine - very stable , never a problem .
no more business card size
yes . you just put the small card at the fold of the pouch , seal it , and trim it to size .
i did n't have any trouble with mine . one end has a sort of ridge on it where it 's put together and the other end is the one that opens . it is hard to tell which end opens . i would try several or wet your fingers and place one between them and sort of push in opposite directions so you can see if it really is sealed together . hope this helps .
the one i bought has 100 pouches . not sure about this one , although the box looks exactly the same as mine ... .
it depends on the size of the pouches my package had 100
all the ones that i have sealed have turned out clear
yes , but the pouches are cheap and do not stick together on every side , even after sending through laminator second time . had to go to office depot to purchase another brand ; more expensive but held together .
no , the pouches are not punched . i punched them with a one-hole punch after laminating my id badges .
yes , you use a laminating machine with this pouch . the pouch is a very good product .
yes
the 12 international languages on nyrius lt12 language digital talking translator are english , french , german , spanish , italian , turkish , dutch , russian , portuguese , japanese , mandarin chinese , and swedish . i have only only used the english and mandarin chinese combination .
it uses latin american spanish , but do n't buy this product . it is absolute junk . i had two , sent them both back . they lock up continually , hard to use , difficult to make sense out of their various translations .
sorry , i gave it to a friend who travels a lot as a christmas present . she is presently in spain , so i ca n't even call her for an answer to your question .
the lt12 runs on 2 lithium-ion batteries , you will also receive 2 additional batteries in the package .
yes , if they can be made to understand how to use it . but this is n't necessary . you can direct the unit to translate their response back into english . they will have to talk slowly and clearly .
the finished width is 46 3 4 inch x 11 3 4 deep x 24 inch high
the cabinet is made out of compressed saw dust , pressboard .
i have two of these cabinets , one in the garage and one in the laundry room . although i am not 100 % certain , i believe this cabinet can hold up to 75 pounds . the one in my garage has always held over 50 pounds and upwards to 75 pounds as i store many bottles and cans of assorted liquids . just make sure it is properly anchored during installation and you should be ok .
yes . the two end pieces are joined together by the rounded corner piece , but the two rectangular pieces are sturdy enough to be used as two separate desks .
you will find that this desk is much smaller than the dimensions listed on the site . even on opposite sides , you will practically be sitting on top of each other . there are much better options available . i had to give mine away it was so small .
this desk to incredibly easy to disassemble all it requires is one tool and that would be the allen wrench . its well organized how they assembled it the only thing that 's a pain in the neck would be the corner peace because you want rotate the allen wrench in a complete 360 degrees and that 's only in one area specifically in the inner corner where it joins the other sides . you can use an electrical tool for easy way but just do n't over tighten it .
i had one . kb panel of glass measures 26 '' from the floor , 22-1 2 '' wide
http : www.walmart.com ip black-glass-computer-desk 9193530the instructions are below .
i do not actually , i have a razer black widow that takes up 95 % of the tray . if you have a keyboard that is either not full sized or compact it may fit though .
the glass sections themselves are about 30 '' x 20 '' . the connecting bars are roughly 3 4 '' . so , each of the two `` desk '' sections is roughly 32 '' x 20 '' x 29 '' , and the center section is roughly 20 '' x 20 '' x 29 '' . effectively , you have full clearance underneath the corner section . ( ignore that metal thing on the ground of the product image - it 's free-moving )
yes . once you put the desk together you have two sides that are exactly the same . they can stand alone on their own frame and are connected to each other using a corner frame . there are no legs to the corner frame . it attaches to the side desks at the top to complete the desk top surface . it is a very sturdy desk . i hope that hepls you .
no , it 's not foldable . once you put it together , you 'd have to take it apart to make it take up less room . this is made for commercial kitchens , for use as a bus cart , moveable storage , etc .
no problem , i have heavy dialysis machine on top shelf without problem .
outside diameter of the tube legs appears to be 1 3 4 '' . hope this helps .
the actual shelf is 24 1 2 inches in length . handle to handle it is 31 1 2 inches . it is a great cart , we use it in our clubhouse kitchen in our community . hope this helps .
this is one sturdy cart that i use when i have been bed ridden . sometimes i push it across the rug and down the hall to bring food , bottles and wat e and much more while i use a cane . it has locks on wheels . do n't know it would hold signs but you could attach with zip ties to the legs too.great product
shelves are sturdy plastic and the cart is fine for use on outdoor patio . that 's where mine is located .
box dimensions : 28x19x10 in.box weight : 21.4 lbs
the cart is reasonably light , but very sturdy . yes , it can be easily assembled . i did need to put more pressure on a couple of parts , but i did not need to have my husband help . i have two of these carts if that gives you an idea how much i like them . i keep craft items on one . and the other one is loaded with my slow cookers . i can easily roll the cart loaded with the cookers to the closet for storage , which is certainly much easier that carrying each one separately .
we used this to seal up a puzzle that we framed and it worked very well . not sure how it will work with blocks , but i would suggest you give it a try . i do n't see how it could hurt anything- if anything- it would just help to to seal up your blocks even more .
actually it dries fast , let 's say from one day to another if you do n't use too many layers . i did three or four and the table is perfect , i had some stuff on it and left no residue . if you 'd like to - you can do three or four layers , then next day use them and then when you 'll be able not to use those coasters for a couple of days - add some more layers to ensure that nothing would be destroyed soon . ah , between layers wait at least 15-20 minutes , cause at first it looks a bit white , but after it dries - get totally transparent , this means you can start the next layer ; )
probably not . when wet it is an elmer 's glue consistency . when dry it is smooth , but not a like hard ceramic glaze . i could see it possibly melting or becoming sticky to the touch .
it would depend on the piece of furniture , if it is something like a table that will be used often , i would put a protective coat on it ... .however , you can put multiple layers of mod podge and sand between layers , put your glitter on before the final layer
use the mod podge with the glossy finish .
it uses standard cartridges . also comes with ink puller to use a jar of ink .
`` sleek in design , this fountain pen comes with an ink converter , ink cartridges and a suede pen wrap ''
make sure that you store the pen with the tip up , if you store it lying down or with tip down the ink will run down and dry in the channel .
it is extra fine and i would recxend for all art drawing although the ink i have been using is not water proof which makes it difficult to add color over on top of it . not a problem that ca n't be overcome with waterproof ink . it is not like a micron pen as you do have to let the ink dry . it can smudge when first added to paper . the cartridges are small but i have been using up some i had on hand so ca n't tell you how the converter works yet . of all the fountain or drawing pens i have this is the one i have with me all the time .
does n't skip , drag , or feather . seems a perfect line.elaine
it should easily support that weight given it requires 4 sq inches of tape for each pound of weight . i would buy the tape in a larger volume quantity to reduce cost .
cut it every 4 inches or 5 not just a straight line of tape.. do it in sections 5 inches then a bit of space i will say les than 1 4 of an inch and repeat ... this tape is holding my side skirts on my car , and i mounted 4 months ago .
yes
yes . i used this to stick side skirts on my vw that were meant to be screwed on . clean both surface with rubbing alcohol before sticking the tape .
i do not think that it will support 90 psi
it depends how big heavy the shelves are . we use it for much smaller letters and use silicone as well .
my wall is a matte finish so it works great but i could see how a more textured wall might not stick as well ... .. not sure ... .. sorry
i use neochalk liquid chalk marker chisel tip - white . works well so far . good luck .
if you stick it on the fridge , but not on wood or a wall .
yes ! it took off not only the paint but the drywall too ! also chalk really does n't write on these . i 'd advise a real chalkboard .
sorry , i bought this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it but i have no idea what type of wall she put it on . she does use it at her work .
comes with a small package of regular chalk and small foam eraser
yes ! i use the bistro chalk marker - love it . i do have to wipe it off with a damp cloth .
product of china , warranty ends nov. 2014 , hewlett-packard company , 3000 hanover st. palo alto usa 94304 , copyright 2012. web link : www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies .
no , the cartridge does not come in the original hp box . while it does not include an original box , it is well packaged . the cartridge is completely wrapped in bubble wrap , safe , and the cartridge has a removable flap to start using the cartridge after shipping .
this would not fit according to the manufactures web site . a 4630 takes 61 , not 60. http : www.shopping.hp.com en_us home-office - products printers hp-officejet b4l03a ? hp-officejet-4630-e-all-in-one-printer
check your owner 's manual or the old ink cartridge in your printer to see what you need .
yes it appears so .
if you look at the name on the right hand side it says hp photosmart and under it says : print , scan , copy , web.that is the one i order for myself .
i ca n't give an amount , because i have a printer that takes black from the black cartridge when i print color . i do a lot of printing and find that the xl cartridge gives many more copies .
i 'm using the 2050 or j510a hp desk jet . you can log on to hp tech support online and get the recommended cartridge # 's for all the machines . referencing their operators manuals for your f2480 would be best answered by hp . and you can see how much you 're saving with amazon !
as far as i know you can . there are kits you can buy and or have a vendor that specializes in doing that.they test the cartridge then load it then test it again . i only bought some refilled units back several years agobut i have not for quite awhile . wish you the best .
somewhere i found the ml content of each ( std and xl ) but one thing for sure hp does n't brag about that , its a very small amount in the std cart , there are 13 pages in my booklets ( printed front and back ) with a liberal amount of color and black used to make them interesting and to high lite the information i want to be sure to get accross to the student . i may get 20 booklets ( with a total of 520 pages ) from two xl cartridges ( one tri-color and one black ) thats a bit expensive as far as i , m concerned . this is from an hp deskjet f4240 all in one printer . not blaming amazon in any way as they stock and sell it only , not make it . somewhere i found the ml content of each ( std and xl ) but one thing for sure hp does n't brag about that , its a very small amount in the std cart , there are 13 pages in my booklets ( printed front and back ) with a liberal amount of color and black used to make them interesting and to high lite the information i want to be sure to get accross to the student . i may get 20 booklets ( with a total of 520 pages ) from two xl cartridges ( one tri-color and one black ) thats a bit expensive as far as i , m concerned . this is from an hp deskjet f4240 all in one printer . not blaming amazon in any way as ... » read more somewhere i found the ml content of each ( std and xl ) but one thing for sure hp does n't brag about that , its a very small amount in the std cart , there are 13 pages in my booklets ( printed front and back ) with a liberal amount of color and black used to make them interesting and to high lite the information i want to be sure to get accross to the student . i may get 20 booklets ( with a total of 520 pages ) from two xl cartridges ( one tri-color and one black ) thats a bit expensive as far as i , m concerned . this is from an hp deskjet f4240 all in one printer . not blaming amazon in any way as they stock and sell it only , not make it . « show less
sorry , as a previous customer i have no idea what the expiration date on a cartridge you have would be . i assume that would be an answer only possible by the manufacturer .
yes , of course . any usb printer will connect with any computer nowadays that has usb ports .
it was genuine since it was in original hp packaging . again the purchase was from a seller , not amazon . it could have just been a defective cartridge .
yes , it comes exactly as pictured , in hp 's original packaging .
not sure but one possibility is that the ink will no longer be good if it is n't used by the date printed on the package . i have always used up the ink well befoer the date on the package so have never had that problem . i would certainly not buy a package that has an expiration date that is not at least six or more months out from the date of purchase .
i would not be too surprised that it ran out if you were doing photos of that size . i usually get the 901xl tri-color cartridge which will last a lot longer . i got the regular 901 because i was not going to be doing very much color work .
that 's the one ! i usually buy the x versions , they last longer . not sure the color is available in a higher capacity but the black 901 is . definitely worth it !
the expire date is the date that hp will no longer honor problems with the cartridge ( as i recall from an experience a few years ago ) such as streaks ; one color not printing , etc . possibly hp has changed their policy -- - i would not know that as of today .
i have not looked on the box for this date.sorry .
yes , for your color cartridge you would need to buy the hp 901 tri-color cartridge .
i use it in an hp officejet j4550
a wonderful copier scanner and printer , have it connected to computer and works great . the ink cartridge that comes with it wo n't last long so be prepared to buy an additional one !
yes , this printer has a scanning function .
no , i am sorry that it only prints black and white
do n't know , but had my printer for 3 years and i have to change the drum for the first time and only changed my cartridges 3x 's . excellent printer ...
i think what mark means , the scanner does not work wirelessly with snow leopard . i am sure it will work fine when connected via usb .
if you have the correct label paper such as avery . i print file labels all the time using avery labels . i think one of the engineers prints cd & dvd labels .
found the issue : my router . for some reason , my router was not allowing connected devices to see each other : ie , i can not ping my other pc 's or the printers . oddly , my xbox 360 worked fine , as did my ps3 . both access files from my networked pc 's . anyway , under the guidance of the brother support ( which is pretty good ) , i resetted my router and all is good now . sweet .
monochrome
hi andrei . it 's pretty quick actually . i never scan more than say 10-15 pages at a time though . the auto feed works great for this too . i actually own 3 of these all-in-ones for various locations .
silly guy , it does print envelopes ! on the front just below the name `` brother '' there is a flap , about 12 '' wide by 1 '' tall with a recessed handle . pull down on that cut out handle and the flap pulls open . the grey tabs inside on the left & right , slide in or outward to act as guides for your envelopes or any other sheet stock you wish to print on . on the very back of the copier is another flap with a more pronounced handle . pull that flap open down as well and when you install your envelope in the front it will print and come out the back . got it ?
yes , both drawers have racks and they hold a good number of folders . this file cabinet is quite a bargain .
yes , but if you take your time and study the assembly diagram carefully it is actually pretty painless .
the filing cabinet does not have a lock and key . however , i believe you can go to an office supply store and get one to add to the cabinet .
there are molded plastic tracks that attach tightly to the tops of the sides of each drawer so that you can use pendaflex hanging files if you want . assembly was easy and they are useful . i ended up buying 3 of them .
yes but you have to put in a rack .
24 1 2 inches
they fit perfectly . legal hanging folders .
yes a lot , you must the entire thing together , it is flat packed
i had them put three lines on mine . it looks and works great .
the company emailed me a day later and asked for the info i wanted on it
i do n't know the answer to this . suggest emailing the sellers . they are very responsive and helpful .
i have no idea . the font size of my address is about 14 , very legible
12 '' x 8 '' approx . it 's large .
mine is 8.75 '' ( tall ) x 12.5 '' ( wide ) . i just measured it myself .
no . this mouse pad is just a sheet of fabric . it will bend if not supported , and wo n't work well on an uneven surface .
do n't even consider this printer , it has bad quality prints and failed in the first year with little usage . we replaced it with an epson workforce printer that prints better pic 's than this one could ever print . support is horrible on this printer the epson workforce printers are windows 7 , xp , 8 compatible .
not sure if i can post a link here but will give it a try ... it is on the kodak site ... it is a pdf file and has all the information you need ( just in case they strip the link ) . http : resources.kodak.com support pdf en manuals urg01061 esp5_ug_en-us.pdf
only if you manually place the copy of one side into the paper tray .
no , as it come in the box it is not . they ( kodak ) do make a proprietary usb to wifi adaptor to give it wireless capabilities ... . i tossed the printer before i ever got it thought .
throw it away and buy an epson , i fought this printer for two years and never won , always something wrong with it then it stopped working altogether , i got an epson wf3500 series printer for my wifes home office and it prints better pix than the kodak ever did , and it works and is still working .
i want to upload a photo of the specs , which include the dimensions and everything . but i do n't see where to upload a photo . the dimensions when open unfolded are 3 8 x 3-19 32 x 4-11 32. when folded , 17 32 x 3-19 32 x 2-3 16 .
i just checked mine . let me make sure i understand your question - i entered a number into memory , hit ac ( all clear ) , closed the lid , snapped it shut . when i reopened it , the m symbol still showed in the upper left hand , and the mr restored the number i put into memory . it did n't `` dump '' that stored number until i hit the mc button . hope this helps ! ~laura
a 3.7v li-ion battery
16 .
not very
i do n't think so
i found them soft touch
yes . it wo n't be water proof , but if you are just sealing it , this stuff will work . if you need water proof , look for a water proof varnish .
cathy , i have not personally tested , but i follow i blog ( that has not failed me yet ) that says no . there is an outdoor mod podge which is as durable as it gets . i am including a link to help you with your mod podge awesomeness : ) http : modpodgerocksblog.com learn-how-to-mod-podge
no , i did not . however , after application we did step aside and let it dry so did not inhale the fumes much ...
boy , i do n't think so . mod podge will do a whole lot of things but i do n't think plastic is what it is intended for . you are better off with a heavy duty sealant , and i 'd check with your home improvement store , that truly can bend . i could be wrong but i do n't think it would hold up to the bending of a frisbee .
i think that this would work wonderfully for that . it sticks very well , dries quickly and is clear once dried . i used a paint brush for my projects and they turned out wonderfully .
i would try a practice one first but the good thing is that it dries clear !
something in between . i 've made fabric panels that are stiff enough they wo n't wrinkle but have a bit of a bend to them if you need that level of flexibility ( e.g. , they wo n't snap in half ) . the more coats , they stiffer it gets . use a small roller if doing small sections , on a plastic tablecloth on the floor .
sure can ... would work beautifully ... ..
the alene 's leather and suede glue worked well for me in a similar application ...
the glue works but avoid glue on area that is not being glued . and need to apply pressure to part being glued together until dry . unlike rubber glue for shoe or wet suit , apply on parts to be glued separately and let dry the press the two together for very strong bond . hope this help .
i do n't know . i was trying to glue leather to leather .
that i do n't know as i haven'ttried it but i ca n't see why not , unless the velcro back is too rough
hi , i tried using this glue to glue leather pieces together on a jacket . it is not waterproof at all . the my jacket got moist from just a slight sprinkle and fog and the glue became soft . i ended up using shoe goo and it has held pretty good .
absolutely ! we have 4 stacks of cups in the top bin . 16 oz . plastic cup , 8 oz plastic cup and 2 tiers of 8 oz coffee cups . we also have the lids for these cups on this shelf . we have 5 different sugars and the stirrers in the middle bin and creamers coffee sleeves in the bottom bin .
the brackets are upside down t-shaped with bottom support in both directions .
love it ... ..makes our coffee station much neater . you can make the slots the size you need and then you can just make your own labels if you need . it does come with labels . i hope this helps . we really like it saved so much room , well worth the money . have a great day !
it will definitely hold 5x8 cards , i only have 4x6 cards in mine but i got the larger size because i have a little notebook that i keep in the extra space on the side .
hi . i do n't think they are advertised as acid free so i would n't use them for something important . also , they are n't exactly airtight .
box dimensions are : 9 1 2 '' long by 6 1 2 '' wide . the lid - which is somewhat bigger to fit over the box - makes the overall dimensions 10 '' long by 6 3 4 '' wide.i 'm very happy with this box - it will hold many , many of my 4x6 recipe cards ( way more than i have now , and i have 600 ) .
hp wants to sell a lot of cartridges , so when the printer `` thinks '' the black cartridge might be getting low , even though it may be an extra large one with plenty of ink left , it switches to color . then , when you want color , it 's all gone . i junked my hp printer and bought a lexmark .
about 8 lbs
print
i have used oc products and printonic from amazon in my printer like this . most of the generic or refurbished cartridges that i have used worked well . i have had a few that did not . i recently got some very cheap ones from meritline that worked when first installed , then after a few weeks , suddenly the printer did `` not recognize '' the cartridge and would not print . i tried a lot of things but nothing worked and i had to throw away those 2 cartridge , 2 black ink . my advice do not get the very cheapest ones . amazon has a feature that i like very much where it will let you know if the cartridges will work in your printer if you have it listed . i have used oc products and printonic from amazon in my printer like this . most of the generic or refurbished cartridges that i have used worked well . i have had a few that did not . i recently got some very cheap ones from meritline that worked when first installed , then after a few weeks , suddenly the printer did `` not recognize '' the cartridge and would not print . i tried a lot of things but nothing worked and i had to throw away those 2 cartridge , 2 black ink . my advice do not get the very cheapest ones . amazon has a feature that i like very much where it will let you know if the ... » read more i have used oc products and printonic from amazon in my printer like this . most of the generic or refurbished cartridges that i have used worked well . i have had a few that did not . i recently got some very cheap ones from meritline that worked when first installed , then after a few weeks , suddenly the printer did `` not recognize '' the cartridge and would not print . i tried a lot of things but nothing worked and i had to throw away those 2 cartridge , 2 black ink . my advice do not get the very cheapest ones . amazon has a feature that i like very much where it will let you know if the cartridges will work in your printer if you have it listed . « show less
the months are pre-printed on the calendar but they are small enough that they could easily be crossed out and another month written in beside it .
it is reversable
on the vertical side , the boxes are 1 1 16 x 1 1 2. on the horizontal side , the boxes are 1 1 4 x 1 1 4 .
i have no idea why you could n't . you might have to use dry erase board cleaner rather than just wiping it off . but i would think it 's ok .
it is 3 feet x 2 feet , and it does have one side vertical and one side horizontal . that way you can fit it into the space you need . it fits well on my fridge , with magnets . i really like it , since it can be used year after year .
yes , comes with a wet dry erase marker . i 'd use the old vis-a-vis over head projector markers or similar .
about 100 , maybe a little more .
yes , it 's even too loose , and not even in the `` stretch '' mode , when i put one on my wrist .
the bands i received were thick blue bands , as shown here , 3.5 x 1 4. they were not tan colored as pictured here . the box was different but they were the correct size and color stated .
the answer unfortunately is `` it depends '' . i have three sheaffers and this converter only works in one of them . look at the plastic barrel not the nib . if the center of the barrel has smaller hole at the end of cartridge pocket then it may work . if you are unsure , a cheaper alternative might be to try a standard international cartridge converter . same size and shape but available for less money .
i think waterman uses same converter as parker .
there is a forum on the internet , fountain pen network , where there is a sheaffer forum . you can register as a member . you will get your question answered in a very short time .
this converter was not compatible with either of the two sheaffer pens i had hoped it would work with . both were bought in the mid-1980s . too long .
blue ink .
hi , the one i received is a in blue .
no . the classic sd does not come with an ink pen . the signature , the manager , and the mini champ do . they have a special slot on the knife with a slider to push the pen in and out . the classic does not have this . hope this helps .
i have a monitor on top of mine and would place my epson workforce 845 all in one on top of this unit as well . i believe that it would hold 30 lbs. , as it is made to interlock as a unit .
each cubby hole is 13 '' deep , 9 3 4 '' wide and 2 '' high . they do n't hold 12x12 but they hold 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' cardstock , paper , construction paper ... etc.i bought two of these and if i had room for more i would buy more . there is no sagging of the shelves from heavy material , real nice sturdy `` rubbermaid '' type plastic .
i use this to put papers for my students for each day , but they are not wide enough to store magazines with the spines out .
it should be fine . it will hang over the edge by about 2 inches but there are n't any `` feet '' it simply has a flat bottom .
if your asking if you can customize it 's layout , you can not . the top is one big plastic piece that requires it to be the way it is shown in the pic .
i do n't know . i use only black refills .
no it does not ... .package only .
no . it is perfect . many doctors that i have worked with use them . a better grip than a cross pen . and not so expensive that it can not be replaced . it is a great pen .
i retired in april 2013 , about a year after i purchased this for the cpa firm where i was a staff accountant and it manager . we encountered no difficulty with mixed sizes . we were not concerned with color because what we were doing was scanning client documents to our server in order to lessen the amount of paper copies of returns and documents we kept in storage . for our purposes , this has been a fine machine .
specifically to your question , `` i do n't know . '' i 've been using one for about five years and it has worked flawlessly so far .
i was looking at the fujitsu scansnap s1500m instant pdf sheet-fed scanner for the macintosh .. i do not know what the difference are between the two .. i did find their website ..http : www.fujitsu.com us services computing peripherals scanners scansnap
it is portable , however there is not a lot of clearance . if you go over any carpet tile transitions when moving it , it gets hung up a little . it is a pretty stout unit , but does move fairly easily . hope this is helpful .
the shelf can only extend from the right side .
thank you for your interest in this product . the dimensions are 20.1 x 25 x 46 inches ; 97 pounds . if there is anything further we can assist you with please let us know .
it is particle board unfortunately , but pretty heavy and solid .
i suppose . not with scissors . it has a frame too . so prob with saw or a similar tool . not sure .
yes . i use the chalk from my school on it .
just checked with a strong fridge magnet , and no it is not . it is very handy in the kids room , though .
it could be used either way .
this is really not pertinent to me as this product was garbage ! chalk barely sticks to this plastic surface . i went with chalkboard paint & threw away the board dude !
no and i would strongly advise you not to buy this item . it is a complete p.o.s . fortunately , i was able to convince amazon to refund my money ( this was not an easy task ) .
yes , i believe it could . you 'd just cover the weak adhesive with this , then let it dry .
i will admit that i paid $ 5 for it . it will last a very long time since you use a very small amount at a time , but $ 15 does seem quite excessive .
it seems to go a very long way and is a great product
yes ... in the package i bought which was online there was just the one bottle . however , i have a friend who purchased lick & stick from a store . i 'm not sure which store but i can check with her to find out .
it has n't for me . just do n't use too much and you should be fine .
i 'm not sure about vellum but when i use my envelope punch board , i use this on the part i want to seal later . i use regular adhesive to seal the other three sides . hope that helps !
i do n't usually taste because i use a sealer , but i just tried it and did n't taste anything ! great product !
having the same machine , i have never had a problem . check that the cartridge is not defective and that you have correctly inserted it in the right slot .
it is n't clear if you want the photo ink or just the ink cartridge , nor do i know if you have the all-in-one printer or not . try here or email hp directly : http : www.ebay.com sch i.html ? _nkw=ink+cartridges+hp+b210e jm
i just tried taking out the cartridge to print a photo and the printer does n't appear to work without a cartridge in the slot . so i do n't think it will work without the cartridge .
aug 2016 -
no do n't use it
the hp7520 needs a `` special '' black photo cartridge to print photos because using everyday ink will not be enough to print as many as 1 photo before drying up . especially when printing 8.5 in x 11 or a few 4x6 on a single glossy paper before having to go out and replace the everyday ink .
while i have themagenta for my office jet # 4620 , i 'm really not that happy with the cartridge . reds come out magenta and do n't print very dark . not sure about it fitting into your photosmart . suggest you contact hp .
the hp7520 needs a `` special '' black photo cartridge to print photos because using everyday ink will not be enough to print as many as 1 photo before drying up . especially when printing 8.5 in x 11 or a few 4x6 on a single glossy paper before having to go out and replace the everyday ink .
no do n't use it
aug 2016 -
i just tried taking out the cartridge to print a photo and the printer does n't appear to work without a cartridge in the slot . so i do n't think it will work without the cartridge .
having the same machine , i have never had a problem . check that the cartridge is not defective and that you have correctly inserted it in the right slot .
while i have themagenta for my office jet # 4620 , i 'm really not that happy with the cartridge . reds come out magenta and do n't print very dark . not sure about it fitting into your photosmart . suggest you contact hp .
it is n't clear if you want the photo ink or just the ink cartridge , nor do i know if you have the all-in-one printer or not . try here or email hp directly : http : www.ebay.com sch i.html ? _nkw=ink+cartridges+hp+b210e jm
no it would say photo and it 's a red box .
no . you 'll need the 564xl ink for that .
the regular black . thin .
i am not sure , but i would use the ink especially for the photo smart printer . it is cheaper anyways . hope this helps , rwc
nope , this is the wider one . the one with the hour glass shape is also on amazon , should cost you around $ 12 .
it all depends , what size does your printer cartilage takes ?
this appears to be the `` wider '' cartridge that i purchased , and it has not only been great for printing documents , but has also printed very acceptible copies of photos . i would think that the photo style ink would be suitable for pictures that would be framed , etc . one last thing , i have found that the hp564xl style cartridge is well worth the extra expense as it prints many more copies .
yep
they write very well on chalkboard paint , however they will not remove easily . i have found that you need to paint over with more chalkboard paint if you would like it to remove cleanly .
no it absolutely does not wipe off ! i wo n't ever but this product again !
there 's a few pinks , sepia tones & yellows - not real strong on true flesh colors . nothing called `` flesh '' - but they are very mixable & blend-able . i 've used them more in my figurative works for highlights & shadows . you can paint a face pink , wet it , then blend with water & a brush , then add in the highlights & shadows in various shades & colors . there 's only one real way to find out for sure if you like them . they can also be used with regular watercolors but i think the pencils are easiest & versatile because they can be used dry or wet . when you get to a place in your drawing or painting that you know you want to keep , you can spray it with a clear acrylic matte sealer to `` fix '' it , then work more on top of it . the only pencil that i found that would work on top of the spray . for me they are a very good value . try it & have fun ! - sea there 's a few pinks , sepia tones & yellows - not real strong on true flesh colors . nothing called `` flesh '' - but they are very mixable & blend-able . i 've used them more in my figurative works for highlights & shadows . you can paint a face pink , wet it , then blend with water & a brush , then add in the highlights & shadows in various shades & colors . there 's only one real way to find out for sure if you like them . they can also be used with regular watercolors but i think the pencils are easiest & versatile because they can be used dry or wet . when you get to a place in your drawing ... » read more there 's a few pinks , sepia tones & yellows - not real strong on true flesh colors . nothing called `` flesh '' - but they are very mixable & blend-able . i 've used them more in my figurative works for highlights & shadows . you can paint a face pink , wet it , then blend with water & a brush , then add in the highlights & shadows in various shades & colors . there 's only one real way to find out for sure if you like them . they can also be used with regular watercolors but i think the pencils are easiest & versatile because they can be used dry or wet . when you get to a place in your drawing or painting that you know you want to keep , you can spray it with a clear acrylic matte sealer to `` fix '' it , then work more on top of it . the only pencil that i found that would work on top of the spray . for me they are a very good value . try it & have fun ! - sea « show less
mexico
they are very smooth to lay down compared to the derwent unfortunately the quality control on their manufacture seems very bad . i purchased a set of 36. out of the thirty six about ten pencils had issues ranging from offset leads to completely split wood casings . although they are harder , i prefer the derwent 's , the overall quality is better . i hope this helps .
generating bar codes depends on your software . currently we are using the same printer for printing our fedex shipping labels without any problem .
110 volt only .
yes . this question was asked and answered by another user back in june .
hello cindy , that 's not an easy question to answer . if you print graphics on a page , it could shorten cartidge life . we have 3 of these printers and the cartridge life varies . 3500 is my best estimate .
it does n't print in color .
very little assembly but well worth it . it is a beautiful ; well made chair ... ... .love it .
no , but easy to put together
i ca n't remember the exact time , but i do n't think it took me more than 1 hr . hope this helpsit is a pretty good chair , i 've sat on it and i 'm over 250 lbs !
this chair does not have a discernable or otherwise distinguishable odor of any type . the completely assembled product projects and masterfully supports an ambience of class , distinction , comfort and luxury . moreover ; our clients and other visitors express high praises regarding it 's looks and comfort . we are totally pleased with it in every way . the manufacturer provides excellent support that is expeditiously administered in the event of any process imperfections or damage resulting from shipping . we purchased two of these chairs along with the larger executive matching chair nearly 2 years ago , and take note that the configuration of the chairs have remained unchanged in every respect , ... and quite surprisingly , this includes the convex bow-shape of the `` puffed '' seats as well . this chair does not have a discernable or otherwise distinguishable odor of any type . the completely assembled product projects and masterfully supports an ambience of class , distinction , comfort and luxury . moreover ; our clients and other visitors express high praises regarding it 's looks and comfort . we are totally pleased with it in every way . the manufacturer provides excellent support that is expeditiously administered in the event of any process imperfections or damage resulting from shipping . we purchased two of these chairs along with the larger executive matching chair nearly 2 ... » read more this chair does not have a discernable or otherwise distinguishable odor of any type . the completely assembled product projects and masterfully supports an ambience of class , distinction , comfort and luxury . moreover ; our clients and other visitors express high praises regarding it 's looks and comfort . we are totally pleased with it in every way . the manufacturer provides excellent support that is expeditiously administered in the event of any process imperfections or damage resulting from shipping . we purchased two of these chairs along with the larger executive matching chair nearly 2 years ago , and take note that the configuration of the chairs have remained unchanged in every respect , ... and quite surprisingly , this includes the convex bow-shape of the `` puffed '' seats as well . « show less
probably 15 inches , it would be low for someone with hip problem
the seating area is roughly 19.5 inches across .
it is 16.5 inches from floor to top of seat cushion .
120v 50-60hz 0.5a .
do n't know about wood , i think it would have to be pretty thin . no white ink though .
when printing there is the option for a user defined roll size . one thing make sure you set up the paper to be longer then the photo being printed as there is no cutter on the machine .
yes , epson has windows 8 drivers on its website for the epson 2880. the drivers come in two forms , one package for the 32 bit version of windows 8 and another package for the 64 bit version of windows 8. go to the following website : http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store support supdetail.jsp ? bv_usebvcookie=yes &oid; =104488 &infotype; =overview click on drivers and downloads . when the new window opens , epson 's site will automatically identify your operating system and its particular version . a window within the window will tell you the recommended package and all you have to do is click `` download '' . after the file downloads to your download folder in windows , usually you will have to navigate to the folder and find the file ( windows 8 may be different and the download folder with the file may open right on your desktop ; i have not used windows 8 ) . if you do n't want the file to go to the `` download '' folder in windows , you can select to send it to your desktop . once you find the file in your `` download folder '' or on your desktop , look for the following identifier or something similar to it : epson15104.exe . double click on the file and it will install the software and partly install the drivers . you should have your printer on but not connected to your computer . follow the instructions in the `` installer program '' and you will be prompted to choose what kind of connection you want . if you want a usb connection ( the easiest ) , select that option ( plug the printer 's usb cable into the computer ) and the printer drivers will finish installing for that option . if you opt for a network connection , choose that option and follow the instructions in the installer ( this is a more complicated procedure ) . this procedure requires an ethernet cable and a router . the router should be connected via cable to your computer or computers , too unless your network is wireless . on the other hand , if you have recently purchased a brand new 2880 from epson , everything you need will be on the installer disk . simply put the installer disk into one of your computer 's drives and when the disk 's window opens , you will be prompted to install the software . the printer comes with an installation sheet that gives you a step by step installation procedure . somewhere during the installation , you may be prompted to go to the internet and the installation software will take you to epson 's website where it will select the updated driver package that you will need . just follow the prompts and the software will download and install directly from the website . at some point during the installation , you will be prompted to choose the kind of connections mentioned above . choose the type of connection you want and keep following the installation prompts . the software will inform you when the installation is complete . most likely i provided more information than you need but i hope some of what i wrote will help you get up and running . yes , epson has windows 8 drivers on its website for the epson 2880. the drivers come in two forms , one package for the 32 bit version of windows 8 and another package for the 64 bit version of windows 8. go to the following website : http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store support supdetail.jsp ? bv_usebvcookie=yes &oid; =104488 &infotype; =overview click on drivers and downloads . when the new window opens , epson 's site will automatically identify your operating system and its particular version . a window within the window will tell you the recommended package and all you have to do is click ... » read more yes , epson has windows 8 drivers on its website for the epson 2880. the drivers come in two forms , one package for the 32 bit version of windows 8 and another package for the 64 bit version of windows 8. go to the following website : http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store support supdetail.jsp ? bv_usebvcookie=yes &oid; =104488 &infotype; =overview click on drivers and downloads . when the new window opens , epson 's site will automatically identify your operating system and its particular version . a window within the window will tell you the recommended package and all you have to do is click `` download '' . after the file downloads to your download folder in windows , usually you will have to navigate to the folder and find the file ( windows 8 may be different and the download folder with the file may open right on your desktop ; i have not used windows 8 ) . if you do n't want the file to go to the `` download '' folder in windows , you can select to send it to your desktop . once you find the file in your `` download folder '' or on your desktop , look for the following identifier or something similar to it : epson15104.exe . double click on the file and it will install the software and partly install the drivers . you should have your printer on but not connected to your computer . follow the instructions in the `` installer program '' and you will be prompted to choose what kind of connection you want . if you want a usb connection ( the easiest ) , select that option ( plug the printer 's usb cable into the computer ) and the printer drivers will finish installing for that option . if you opt for a network connection , choose that option and follow the instructions in the installer ( this is a more complicated procedure ) . this procedure requires an ethernet cable and a router . the router should be connected via cable to your computer or computers , too unless your network is wireless . on the other hand , if you have recently purchased a brand new 2880 from epson , everything you need will be on the installer disk . simply put the installer disk into one of your computer 's drives and when the disk 's window opens , you will be prompted to install the software . the printer comes with an installation sheet that gives you a step by step installation procedure . somewhere during the installation , you may be prompted to go to the internet and the installation software will take you to epson 's website where it will select the updated driver package that you will need . just follow the prompts and the software will download and install directly from the website . at some point during the installation , you will be prompted to choose the kind of connections mentioned above . choose the type of connection you want and keep following the installation prompts . the software will inform you when the installation is complete . most likely i provided more information than you need but i hope some of what i wrote will help you get up and running . « show less
of course
there is only one slot for the black ink cartridge . when you are printing on matte paper you need to use a matte black cartridge and when you are printing a photo you need to switch to a black photo cartridge . it 's kind of a pain but this printer prints so nice it is worth the trouble . i keep the black cartridge i am not using in a zip lock bag and switch back and forth between cartridges as i need to .
yes . there is no problem on the inkjet to transfer paper . the iron on question is not with the r2880 but with the fabric . if you use a iron hot enough to do the transfer , some synthetic fabrics may melt under the hot iron . fabrics like cotton and linen can take the heat some of the synthetics can not . fabric texture can also be a problem . you may transfer to the top of the texture , but not to the bottom . a knit cotton `` t '' shirt should be fine . however , it is best to try it out on a sample scrap of fabric first .
hi , candy -- it 's been quite a while since i bought these , but i remember putting just one postcard in each sleeve ; i think that 's how they 're designed to be used . by the way , ultrapro makes the best sleeves , for postcards and gaming cards ( magic , etc . ) ; my son has been buying them for years , which is what made me buy these . hope that helps !
i have not seen any soft sleeves like these that opened on the side . i have seen them ( and prefer them ) in the stiffer holders .
these sleeves are thin and bendable plastic .
it 's a great dispenser , but it does not come with tape .
i measured the space , and i would say a roll of tape about 1 3 8 inches thick from the end of the roll ( toward the center ) to the beginning ( on the outside ) would be the maximum size that would work in this tape dispenser . hope this helps .
mine did not come with tape
no it is new the mayerials it is made of is recycled materials i have two . been using them daily for over two years they are superb !
yes
probably
for the large tape section the core size is 3 '' diameter for 2 '' wide tape or 2 x 1 '' tape works also . the small roll is 1 '' diameter with tape slightly less than 1 '' wide .
not sure what you mean . the size of the tape you get ? i buy the large rolls of packing tape at lowes or office max to fit it .
yes , made in china . sturdy construction - i recommend it .
jane : yes , it will . if you use the parallel port , the printer accepts jobs on lpt1 ( or whichever lpt port you have configured ) . if you have a usb connection , you can still send jobs to lpt1 using the command ( in command window ) : net use lpt1 : computername sharename persistent : yes.hope this helps .
means that the printer will only use black to print . so it is only a black and white printer .
it is capable of legal size paper . i am unable to find if this printer is capable to determine media format size through pdf software .
this is a true laser printer that uses heat to fuse toner images onto conventional paper , just like a commercial copier . the printing will not run or smudge when dampened , unlike inkjet based printing . you can also print onto non paper based stock if you require a more durable result .
i have not tried to do this
yes it is a usb printer . just follow the instructions to install the printer and it works great .
we do use this printer for labels- they are not avery , but very similar and it works fine
it does have empty slots .
it has numbers , along with some special characters and currency signs
no you have to manually change the digits
no . the symbols are `` no . `` , the euro sign , # , $
you ca n't really take the book apart after it is bound . we have had to use wire cutters to get the binding off . you can however salvage the papers though with this approach .
yes , it will take any of the wires less than 9 16s..
we have only used it a couple of times , and no , we did n't need any pliers . the ends hide behind the document .
between my 6 's and 7 's is a wider space than between the other numbers ... position it in the middle and it will give you a blank if you do not want to use a dash .
yes it does . it 's an ok stamped . i say this because my 2nd to the last digits from 8-0 are cut off partially . but i am to work around these numbers .
it 's not a date stamp . it 's an 8-position number stamp . we use it to stamp the `` lot number '' on items when we manufacture product .
one and a half inches
no . the actual font is bigger .
small about 1 8 inch
yes , it has a hyphen
yes , you can . 4-line display allows scrolling and editing of inputs . includes trigonometry and logarithm functions , 1- and 2-variable statistics , random number generator , combinations and permutations , square root , factorial and more . it also has 5 memories .
yes , solar and battery . super cool .
this calculator can perform operations on numbers , but not on variables . in other words , you can not enter an expression with a variable . thus you could not , for example , enter a polynomial and have the calculator find its factors , nor could you find the product of two polynomials in terms of its variables . on the other hand , the calculator could be very handy in an algebra class to help you find numerical answers .
my 8th grade daughter used it with no problems .
yes
no
overall dimensions 15in deep ( front to back ) , with my tower in place about 10in wide and a tower rise from the floor of 5in . my tower measures 18in deep , 7 3 4 wide , and 17in tall . hope that helps . note : width is adjustable depending on the tower you have . hope this helped .
yes stand is open at base
it is not height adjustable , and it sits 5 inches off the floor
it would snug up against it , but as you close the `` x '' , it gets longer . when it 's closed to 3 3 4 '' , it is 16 '' long . if your tower is n't at least 16 '' deep , it may be too long . by the looks of it , the minimum depth of your tower should be 14 '' -15 '' deep for it to work . even after fitting this device on your tower , i 'm not confident that it would n't be too top heavy when this device is snugged up to the computer . that 's something that i ca n't answer without trying it on your actual computer . i hope i gave you enough info for an informed decision . good luck it would snug up against it , but as you close the `` x '' , it gets longer . when it 's closed to 3 3 4 '' , it is 16 '' long . if your tower is n't at least 16 '' deep , it may be too long . by the looks of it , the minimum depth of your tower should be 14 '' -15 '' deep for it to work . even after fitting this device on your tower , i 'm not confident that it would n't be too top heavy when this device is snugged up to the computer . that 's something that i ca n't answer without trying it on your actual computer . i hope i gave you enough info for an informed decision ... . » read more it would snug up against it , but as you close the `` x '' , it gets longer . when it 's closed to 3 3 4 '' , it is 16 '' long . if your tower is n't at least 16 '' deep , it may be too long . by the looks of it , the minimum depth of your tower should be 14 '' -15 '' deep for it to work . even after fitting this device on your tower , i 'm not confident that it would n't be too top heavy when this device is snugged up to the computer . that 's something that i ca n't answer without trying it on your actual computer . i hope i gave you enough info for an informed decision . good luck « show less
my best guess is a thermal plastic , very strong and stable ... the only metal parts would be the caster wheel spindles and the center bolt the two pieces swivel on
it is shaped like an x that is 'hinged ' on the middle so that it tends to open up wider . i have a dell xps series tower and it fits fine . not sure if that answers your question or not..
i believe it will . my desktop is pretty heavy so i think you shd be fine .
yes , works very good . very productive item .
it will fit and should be stable . the problem is that you 'll have to sit it in the stand sideways so that , at 11.2 '' wide , the platform will be 11.5 '' long . iow , when the side clamps are adjusted to accommodate an 11.2 '' -wide pc , the outer extent of the x crossmembers is 11.5 '' along the length ( depth ? ) of the pc . the side pieces pivot 360 degrees , so they 'll adapt to pretty much any orientation . btw , in normal operation , the clamps can accommodate anything between 2.8 '' and 9.5 '' wide . i hope that 's clear . i 'd go for it . unless you plan on using it on a seagoing vessel , it should be okay . it will fit and should be stable . the problem is that you 'll have to sit it in the stand sideways so that , at 11.2 '' wide , the platform will be 11.5 '' long . iow , when the side clamps are adjusted to accommodate an 11.2 '' -wide pc , the outer extent of the x crossmembers is 11.5 '' along the length ( depth ? ) of the pc . the side pieces pivot 360 degrees , so they 'll adapt to pretty much any orientation . btw , in normal operation , the clamps can accommodate anything between 2.8 '' and 9.5 '' wide . i hope that 's clear . i 'd go for it . unless you plan on using it on a seagoing ... » read more it will fit and should be stable . the problem is that you 'll have to sit it in the stand sideways so that , at 11.2 '' wide , the platform will be 11.5 '' long . iow , when the side clamps are adjusted to accommodate an 11.2 '' -wide pc , the outer extent of the x crossmembers is 11.5 '' along the length ( depth ? ) of the pc . the side pieces pivot 360 degrees , so they 'll adapt to pretty much any orientation . btw , in normal operation , the clamps can accommodate anything between 2.8 '' and 9.5 '' wide . i hope that 's clear . i 'd go for it . unless you plan on using it on a seagoing vessel , it should be okay . « show less
no
no calibration needed , ready out of the box .
no
yes , it has an auto shut off .
19 '' normal can stretch comfortably to 48 '' without pulling back
i 'm not sure about the warranty but i 've used mine regularly for 18 months with no problems .
ummm , it will be tight fit . i recommend using a standard sized keyboard . not the ones with the big palm rests and macro controls .
cpu shelf is 17-1 4 deep ( but your cpu can hang over either both ends nicely-like one inch each end ) , 8-5 8 in wide ( your cpu must be a slight bit smaller than that as that figure is the exact measurement of the width of the `` floor . '' ) the height available is a bit over 20-1 2 inches under the side shelf ( which can be mounted left or right on desk ) . i think you 've got it !
if you set this unit up according to the photo with the cpu on the right it measures 42.5 inches from left to right . the main table is 31 inches at widest point and the smaller shelf ( showing the printer on it ) is 11.5 inches wide . thus , total width is 42.5. i believe you can attach the printer shelf on the left side as well . it hold only a small printer . i use that shelf for a lamp and various other small items .
i do n't know if we can post pictures here , but i will tell you it looks exactly as shown on the amazon page . no deviation at all .
the long side of the keyboard shelf is approximately 25 inches . the short side is roughly 11 inches .
i am 6'2 '' and the desk works well for me - plenty of legroom .
25.5 '' , i keep both my keyboard and mouse ( mousepad too ) in that space comfortably .
yes . and they are a very nice thickness for staying firm and flat rather than curling on the edges .
no
the paper is permanently laminated to the inside the luggage tag . it can not be removed .
yes , they are not self sticking , you need a laminator to see the edges
yes
we use avery name badge inserts which are 2-1 4 '' x 3-1 2 '' . a business card would fit .
they are blank labels , you can do whatever you want . you provide the software .
it is ... .. but the last ones i ordered came shrink wrapped , not in the advertised packet so beware . i ordered 6 boxes that came loose in 1 shrink wrap but they charged shipping and handling for 6 .
i 've used some and there are some left , but i have no way of knowing if the count was exact .
yes , i always use my laser printer for cd dvd labels . the printing is much more durable than the inkjet printer . i use the preset style `` laser labels '' in the printer preferences . these work perfectly , no problems and just as well as the avery brand .
i have never experienced any part of a label lifting from the disc . if you are afraid that the label will make the disc too thick , that is not a problem at all .
they are about 4.75 '' x 0.25 ''
i am not for sure but i think there is or should be at lest 1000 lables per roll
yes - we are using these to print barcodes on
they are really 1 '' x2 ''
hi mike , i use them in a zebra lp2844 and they work great in it - i do n't know about the gx420d , sorry .
dear friend : yes , they have perforation between labels , very easy tearing , thanks
i do n't sell this product , but looking at the specs , it seems it would be able to work . they work quite well with my lp2844 . we use about 200 per day right now with almost zero issues .
thats what i use them for
no they wo n't . there the same size but do n't have the hole cut in the roll for dymo print to recognize each sheet . so they will just keep coming out when you go to print a label out .
yes
actually it is one and half inch . i am using on the zebra lp 2844 .
i do n't know about that . please ask the seller for it .
my last purchase was from valuemailers and the purchase prior to that was lancemichael2008 . the same picture and product description was used for both sellers . the quality was acceptable for both .
the grid clips that work best are the twist clips . they come in a package of 10 .
surprise ! when you order this product , all you get is the end piece . you do n't get a rod .
yes , it is just the tool , not the clips .
broom to screw i to handle . it works great !
no there is no lid , however , when you retract the chalk it goes far enough into the holder that no chalk touches your belongings . i forgot mine in my bag for several days and nothing in my bag was marked .
i do n't know , but i think it is similar to the metal of a high-end pen . it 's covered in a plastic sleeve , but it is solid and sturdy .
i use the standard chalk at the office supply store diameter : 3 8 '' length : 3-3 16 ''
no ! the deluxe chalk keeper does not hold hagomoro fulltouch chalk . this is quite disappointing as i bought the chalk holder to use with my hagomoro chalk.the rikagaku dustless chalk holder ( dc-ch ) is model that holds the thicker hagomoro brand .
the largest i 've done so far is 8 x 11 , standard paper size . should handle anything up to the size of the screen , i 'd think .
yes , and fyi , you can always downgrade but not upgrade . 32 bit programs will run on a 64 bit system while 64 bit programs will not run on a 32 bit system .
yes , it is compatable . my computer has windows vista , works great !
that is the l to r measurement , with a depth of 13+ inches .
they should work just fine . i 've combined different kantek models to have a taller stand , both at work and at home . definitely make sure to use a base from either model though , since they get wobbly when combining two units with just the legs .
yes but unlikely if your laptop has larger than a 13 '' screen , would be to wide
it is about 13.75 inches . my laptop fits nicely between the legs .
hello : the drawer is 9 '' front to back , 13 '' wide , and 2 '' high . all measurements are id ( inside diameter ) .
yes , you could . the opening on the top fits the bottom of the adjustable legs .
2.25 inches between the desktop and the bottom of the drawer .
drawer measurements are answered in an earlier question , check there .
0.5mm
yes , under the cap
to replace any ink tube , just pull . hard . when inserting the refill , push . hard ! do n't worry .
the pen has black ink , red ink , and a mechanical pencil .
it does n't say in your email which product you 're referring to , if i know , i might be able to help you . sorry . please let me know , sounds like a pen , but i 'm not sure . thanks .
$ 9.99 usd it was a gift for my mother who loved it . keep looking !
i just did a little googling ; here 's the refills : http : www.officemax.com office-supplies pens-pencils-markers pens pen-refills product-ars25573
probably . total of 6 slots , each about 2 inches in depth . i have a sonicare and i think it would fit in the slots .
no
8 1 4 '' w x 6 1 4 '' d x 4 1 4 '' h in back and 1 1 4 '' h in front
this is not a wireless printer .
i have a new printer now so am not sure , but try unplugging both the power cord and the comm . cord to `` boot '' it . leave it off for a few minutes . if that does n't do the trick , make sure if it is locked ( ca n't tell by your description ) or whether it 's just choosing the wrong tray all the time . once in a while i actually had to resize the picture inside my photo editing software and then reprint because it kept wanting to 4 x 6 everything . ( only once in a while ) if i remember correctly , there are sliders inside the trays to make the paper snug . check them and make sure they move back and forth like they 're supposed to in case that might be the problem . try moving the sliders in the larger try all the way to the outside ? i have a new printer now so am not sure , but try unplugging both the power cord and the comm . cord to `` boot '' it . leave it off for a few minutes . if that does n't do the trick , make sure if it is locked ( ca n't tell by your description ) or whether it 's just choosing the wrong tray all the time . once in a while i actually had to resize the picture inside my photo editing software and then reprint because it kept wanting to 4 x 6 everything . ( only once in a while ) if i remember correctly , there are sliders inside the trays to make the paper snug . check them and make sure they move back ... » read more i have a new printer now so am not sure , but try unplugging both the power cord and the comm . cord to `` boot '' it . leave it off for a few minutes . if that does n't do the trick , make sure if it is locked ( ca n't tell by your description ) or whether it 's just choosing the wrong tray all the time . once in a while i actually had to resize the picture inside my photo editing software and then reprint because it kept wanting to 4 x 6 everything . ( only once in a while ) if i remember correctly , there are sliders inside the trays to make the paper snug . check them and make sure they move back and forth like they 're supposed to in case that might be the problem . try moving the sliders in the larger try all the way to the outside ? « show less
how long does it take to print a 4x6 photo ?
i had many problems with this printer . i threw it in the garbage .
yes
yes
yes . this model is poe .
yes it does . but you have to buy the power supply .
download the manual from polycom 's site ... if it was a 'used ' product use the same manual to reset the device . hope you have a pbx you can use that auto configs because if you ca n't figure out the password you will have a tough time configuring this device .
1. connect the 25-foot network cable to the network port on the phone . 2. connect the other end of the 25-foot network cable to thepower insertion cable . 3. connect the power insertion cable to an available lan port on the wall or hub switch device port . 4. connect the power adapter to the power insertion cable . 5. connect the other end of the power adapter ( with the attached regional power cord ) to the wall outlet .
yes , you can use the sharpie pen to do this ( not the ones with a felt-like tip , unless you want to ) , and it 's a big piece of wood . these are available in push button fine point model which would certainly work , if ( and here 's the big if ) everyone has a small size signature , or , it 's a small wedding . either of these pens would work providing the wood is unfinished , and no one tries to correct their writing , as these are both very permanent
in a factory in taiwan .
you need to be a little more specific . they do n't bleed through paper , but i do n't know that they wo n't bleed through anything . i 've never seen them bleed through anything , but who knows . m .
this sharpie is not your 'typical ' sharpie ; i use this `` stylo '' version of sharpie for doodling pen and ink drawings . it is very smooth , no bleeding , no feathery line , and no 'dragging ' at all . it does n't have the harsher quality of typical permanent sharpies , which are great for labeling , etc , but awful for my doodling drawing hobby . to me , this stylo sharpie , at 0.5 , feels similar or even thinner than the 0.2 ultra-fine regular sharpie -- i suppose because of how differently they 're made .
you can write on photo paper with these pens ... .. they dry fast and wo n't smear !
depends on the cd some are too glassy textured and the pen just beads up some are a little rougher and allow the pen to stick . personally would use fine sharpies not sharpie pens !
yes
yes
yes , it does .
approximately 1.5 '' . overall width approximately 14 ''
the device does not support writing anything other than to jot down a note , etc . continued writing probably would not be advisable .
no its not attached to the desk but you can put it anywhere on your desk and it stays , per rubber dots on the bottom , but its a great asset to your work station and i highly recommend it .
i do n't see why not . the badge i use it with is shield shaped .
it is just an example and the badge slips on the front and the bar runs thru the back
as i thought , epson provides software that will assist with this . i pulled this from the online manual : '' you can scan a 2-sided document using the adf . first you scan the odd-numbered pages , then you turn the document over and scan the even-numbered pages . then you can use the editing page window to automatically sort the pages . `` great scanner . about 10 times faster than one of those `` all in one '' units that i 've tried .
yes , it supports lion . there 's an insert in the documentation directing lion users to www.epson.com support lion . i 've installed the drivers i downloaded there and they work as expected advertised .
i have n't tried that but i do not believe the epson scan software will parcel out multiple files from one scan ( i do n't use the bundled abbyy or paperport software ) . however , it 's a great scanner with a very good sheet-feeder and image quality . you could have the scanner controlled by your own twain-compliant software and let that save each photo separately .
you need to clean the scanning sensors on the adf . i was experiencing the same . it did n't happen when the document was placed on the bed , so it was happening when the document went through the feeder . use an electronic cleaning solution on a q-tip or lint free cloth .
i scan contracts that have to be kept for 5 years minimum on my computer . when you scan a 30 page contract it automatically goes into your documents file . i hope this helps you . this is a really nice scanner and i have had no problems with it .
if the receipt is taped down on all four edges there would be no problem with the scan from the adf . it would work with no taping from the scan bed .
yes it does -- the automatic document feeder is inconsistent - and often needs to be reset multiple times . other than this it is a great scanner for the price .
yes you can . i always save my photo 's as jpeg and also as a tiff . esp if they are small or special ones i want to keep . jpeg 's randomly loose pic . as you move them around . tiffs are always the same . they are larger though but space is cheap
this is a desk for standing up . no chair ! i do n't think this is what you are looking for .
probably not without adding something to the stand . the top is approx . 23 inches wide by 16 inches deep with curves , front and back . also there is a rail in the back which might be in the way . it is a very sturdy and well done stand : for what it is for .
sorry , i do n't think your computer will fit . the compartment is 8 '' wide x 14 '' high x 11 '' deep .
the woodgrain is an orange color , but it is more attractive than the picture .
there is room for a mouse depending upon the size of the keyboard . i use a slightly smaller than normal keyboard and there is room enough for a mouse . i also use a trackball and there is even less issue . plus there is enough room at the front for your cup of coffee . =^ ) ... if you have concerns about room for a mouse you can order a clip-on mouse pad that swings outward . they are inexpensive . as for me i am quite happy with my standup desk thingamajig .
you sure could . one of the most useful things in my classroom . i can use it standing up teaching , or turn my desk chair toward it and use it sitting . nice little storage underneath , and not rickety at all . good quality .
depends on the size of the laptop . i can use one with my chromebook on it .
no , the top does not tilt .
the kit comes with three ink cartridges , and 108 sheets of paper . when one cartridge is empty it will tell you , and stop printing before a picture is started . once you change the ink it will continue . when you have printed all 108 sheets you are done . the ink comes on a roll of film . not in an ink cartridge . from the price i pay for a kit it works out to about .03 per photo . the prints are = to what you would get at any pharmacy at .10 to.15 per photo .
i believe the ip has a postcard printing on the back of the paper , so you can send the photo as a postcard , while the in does not .
yes it is
my photo paper was gloss . canon kp-108in color ink paper set 3115b001 .
yes
im sorry but the product for which you are posing a question is not shown or titled in this amazon request for answers . can not answer until amazon or you name the product . if your question is about the canon selphy printer - 4x6 is approximately original post card size . no cutting is required .
i 've never had any problem . sometimes it has been years and all works well .
yes , it has poe along with a direct plug in option .
no , this unit requires an active file server connection to a computer , etc on your lan or via polycom 's servers - this unit will not operate as a normal analog or digital conferencing unit . call 520-888-7888 for some ideas about what you may need . -yada yada telecom
if you mean can the polycom conference room phone be easily carried and moved , then yes , it can . but , setting it up to work on a different telephone system could be time consuming and complex unless you know what you 're doing , and even then not something to be done frequently .
it comes unlocked . not sure about the specific service
yes . you get the power supply included .
1 yr .
7 1 4 x 9 1 2 closed . and 15 inches when open . it camers with a blank calendar that you fill in year and months which is handy when your getting it after the year has already started .
is guess 1 and 1 2 ... i can fit a years calendar , an afresh book , small zip pouch and some note pages comfortably . this product is amazing and well made ! i strongly suggest it !
6 x 8 1 2 inches
they 're included but undated
yes it does . its a weekly and monthly
yes that is the size of the pages .
no , the days of the week have a little square at the top so you can fill in the number that day is for that month . i think it 's very nice and a good deal . i like it .
yes . it comes with two center holders so you have some flexibility .
yes
my dispensers came with tape and spools for 2 different tape sizes . no flying jumpers . i love the dispenser ...
it calls a list of several phone numbers you program in . works with cell phones , yes . one you answe it places a message you record . only 15 or 20 seconds work though . wish it were longer , but enought to get the idea something is wrong .
yes . this phone will work fine with other landlines in the house .
this is a hard wired phone . it will talk to cell phones , but it plugs into a regular landline connection . however , a cell phone number may be one of the numbers on the emergency call list . that will work fine .
my mother , who uses the phone , wears two hearing aids . she has the corded phone and does n't have any problem hearing conversation on it . i ca n't speak for the cordless one as i 've not tried it . i did call the company for some help with the phone and their customer service is excellent , so i 'm thinking that if you purchase one and do n't like it , the return should be fairly easy . hope this is helpful .
i bought this phone for my mom , but i believe she presses the black arrows under the caller id in order to scroll down to see the last calls . the flash tells you a call came in and once you press the black arrows to review the call , the flash is eliminated .
i do n't know what web site you accessed . i accessed geemarc 's web site at http : www.101phones.com cat 14434-8697 special-need-phones.html ? cid=8079 &chid; =300 & and found this phone listed under the name ampli600 . i did not find a cl600 .
50
you have to mash the button every time to turn it on
yes it does .
yes . it has speakerphone .
i had n't depleted the original set of ink cartridges . no warranty coverage .
the printer is not capable of printing on card stock or even quality photo paper . it simply can not feed the heavier paper due to the sharp radius turns in the paper path . other than that , i love the printer and have used it for 3 years with no problems .
yes it does , and i am at 734 prints with 53 % remaining .
ok , i am answering my own question per samsung website -- but is this infact true ? http : www.samsung.com us consumer office printers-multifunction color-laser-printers clp-315 xaa index.idx ? pagetype=prd_detail &tab; =spec1000 pages from the initial black ink toner ; 1500 pages per replacement toner ?
nope .
i have a brother model mfc-j270w and i 've had no trouble , unless it sits for long periods , then you will need to do a manual ink `` clean '' on the printer menu ... ... ... ... . gdw
there was no date on the cartridge . was sealed like authentic brother ink but i have my doubts . i got a new canon printer for christmas and will buy ink only from office depot or staples .
i do not know how to differentiate , however i only got 50 pages or less from the cartridge that we purchased .
this is a brother cartridge-however it is a low yield cartridge that comes with the printer when you first buy them-that is what this cartridge is the equivalent to . i am not sure how much you want to print , but for me i am in school and i need a high yield cartridge . if you do not print a lot then this would be ideal , but the price is not appropriate . honestly they should be charging half of what they are charging for this product or at best give two for this price . it is genuine , but not a high yield , i will reiterate it is the equivalent to the cartridges that come with the printer when you first buy it . hope this helps . this is a brother cartridge-however it is a low yield cartridge that comes with the printer when you first buy them-that is what this cartridge is the equivalent to . i am not sure how much you want to print , but for me i am in school and i need a high yield cartridge . if you do not print a lot then this would be ideal , but the price is not appropriate . honestly they should be charging half of what they are charging for this product or at best give two for this price . it is genuine , but not a high yield , i will reiterate it is the equivalent to the cartridges that come with the printer when ... » read more this is a brother cartridge-however it is a low yield cartridge that comes with the printer when you first buy them-that is what this cartridge is the equivalent to . i am not sure how much you want to print , but for me i am in school and i need a high yield cartridge . if you do not print a lot then this would be ideal , but the price is not appropriate . honestly they should be charging half of what they are charging for this product or at best give two for this price . it is genuine , but not a high yield , i will reiterate it is the equivalent to the cartridges that come with the printer when you first buy it . hope this helps . « show less
free shipping is free , always ... unless it 's not free ... thanks !
absolutely
not to the best of my knowledge
yes
mfc-j 615w
yes to all your questions .
yes , it is . i recently purchased the 3-color pack and the black-only cartridge and everything that i received were in original brother boxes , just like you get in retail stores .
they are small ... maybe an inch and a half long ( dispenser ) ... .but i found that the dispenser kept popping apart , and i had to wrestle to get it to actually cut the tape , but then found it tore my finger plenty easily ... grrrrr ... .wound up tossing the lot .
no
it 's about a cm wide !
if i remember correctly , it is 1 dispenser with 4 rolls of tape . honestly , i think you are better off with regular-size tapes . this product is really not that convenient to use .
it come in the size of the shelf as it is one piece .
no
no
approximately 26 '' wide by 7 '' tall by 7 '' deep
plastic . but it has worked great for me .
hard molded plastic . it is sturdy . i have multiple items on it .
not sure about the speaker , but it will definitely hold the monitor .
mine came in a long box approximately 8-10 inches wide .
theres about 3 inches clearance underneath
the opening under the tray is 14 '' wide . at the lowest setting , the opening it is 2 '' high . my keyboard is 19 '' wide , so it would n't go underneath , but mine is wider than average . if yours is under 14 '' wide , then it should fit .
hi linly , i have 2 of them & really like them because they 're so useful , plus the height is adjustable . drawer is a bonus ! it 's plastic according to the manufacturer website , but it 's more sturdy than typical plastic ; heavier , with a finish that is not slick . hope that helps .
open
it will not fit . the inside width is 14 '' . there is 2.25 '' of vertical room . you 'd have to shave off .5 '' from your dvd player ...
the height of the stand can be changed by a simple button adjustment underneath . there are three settings . it is molded plastic , about 4 1 4 '' high at the lowest setting ( top button ) . the middle setting puts it about 5 '' high and the highest setting ( bottom button ) will put it about 5 3 4 '' high .
i tried to remove the drawer which is not easy . being plastic , i imagine you can break it apart .
absolutely not
plastic
16 inches wide x 9 1 2 inches deep x 4 i 4 inches high . the tray itself is 13 1 4 inches wide by 4 deep x 1 inch tall . the tray is aprrox . 2 1 8 inches off the desk . had this for quite a while and am satisfied with it .
no , it is too large for that
roxie , approximately 5 3 4 by 8 3 4 .
no ! there are some pockets on each of it . very roomy !
i measured mine to answer you . it 's 9 inches long , 5 inches wide , and one inch thick ( with the inserts and my cards money in it . )
they are 1 inch rings . the binder looks very nice and when the rings are closed they are perfectly aligned .
when i purchased it , it came with nothing in it : ( that was the point of purchasing it .
hello cindy , my pink ribbon starter daytimer has a ring size of 1.25 ( 7 rings ) and is 9.25 '' tall and 7.5 '' wide . i hope this helps you . i am crazy about mine -- -it is just so complete and easy to use , carry , etc .
yes , it 's very spacious , i 've started using it as a diary ! it does take some space on your desk , but worth it ! i like it
it comes with a calendar you fill in .
this bag requires the key to be locked or unlocked . i currently do not have a bag in my possesion that does not require a key .
i only ordered one bag . it came with two keys . i would guess that each bag has separate keys or that would defeat the purpose of the security for the item . it would n't work well if i could unlock your bag with my keys or vice versa . your question should be posed to the manufacturer of the product . they should be able to tell you if all keys are different or if they have a set number of key types that they rotate through . if that is the case you may be able to get all four bags on the same key type .
the product dimensions are 0.5 x 11.5 x 9.5 inches and the size is 11-1 2 '' w x 9-1 2 '' h x 1 2 '' d. if your notary book , stamp , and finger print pad are less than those listed then most likely yes . if they are larger than that you may have to keep looking for something that would work better for you .
i do n't know , it seems to me it would be water resistant , the bag is substantial . however , this is all immaterial if you desire safety for the contents - my husband is able to easily pick the lock , no key necessary , and has been pilfering from it ever since i bought it . very sad .
i suppose it could be but it would be very difficult and take more than your regular scissors .
0.5 x 11.5 x 9.5 inches as stated in the product information .
yes
it 's pretty easy . first of all , there is a setting that will combine multiple 'pages ' , so you set that . then , let the scanner scan until it stops , and without moving the receipt , you press the scan button again , and it will continue .
i am sure it could be as the software would just have to be loaded on both computers . i am not a computer guru though so you would have to check with someone with more knowledge than i have .
if you look at the selections below the price it shows the option for selecting the pc version .
fitted perfectly in my canon pixma 250 .
one cartridge
yes
yes , you must have both cartridges in the printer for it to print . even if one cartridge is empty of ink , it must be in place .
probably not . they have software chips in the carts and i do n't see them allowing it.if you print black , only the black will be used so nothing lost . you will just have to put another in instead of using two at a time .
i received a cannon pixma mp240 as a gift and it came without a usb cable also . yes it takes a standard usp 2.0 printer cable . you can get it at wall mart k mart , radioshack etc ... or you can order one here on amazon . i purchased a 10 ft long one from wal mart made by belkin for $ 20.00 .
yes , you can do this but of course the print quality will not be as good and some of it may be difficult to read . it would be better to have the black cartridge rather than the color one because then you could print everything . the color would appear as `` grayscale . ''
the cannon pg-210 or 210 xl work for this printer .
no , just install it as any regular cartridge because the xl cartridge size is the same as the regular one .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know if it is adaptable or what it is that you are asking . i would question canon directly to be sure it is something you can use .
yes ! it works on canon mp-495 . i have one !
there is one cartridge per box .
it will not fit your printer
no , it wo n't . the 610 is a multitank machine ; its carts are smaller than this one .
only use the canon ink cartridges with the compatible printer . you can always go to canon.com and put in your printer information and it will tell you . i do not own a pixma 2700 so i ca n't say that . thanks .
this is very easy to install to printer , make sure you are using right cartridge or check printer . i am using canon mx410 more than 5 yrsbut no problem at all . also you must buy new cartridge no refill cartridge , they may be cheap but sometimes not work .
my canon printer ( pixma mx870 ) will only print if the all ink cartridges contain ink . i do not know if all the canon pixma printers operate this way . i print many photos so i like the combination ink packages because it is a better buy .
these are the canon brand cartridges , recommended by the manufacturer , and if they need the computer chip in them , they have them . they always work right .
the amount of black ink required to print depends heavily on the percentage of the space that is actually covered with ink . text requires very little ink because , generally speaking , the area printed for each caracter represents only a small percentage of the area occupied by that character and much blank space is usually provided between words and lines . so , all in all , for text only , the percentage of the space covered with ink is normally quite small ; it does vary however with the font style you pick . for instance comic san ( ms ) require more ink than say eurostyle . for images and photos , the situation is quite different as the percentage of the image covered with ink tends to be considerably greater than for text on a per square inch basis . having said all this , you should know that not all printers use the same amount of ink to print identical text pages . this adds yet another variable in trying to answer your question . so , in final analysis , i suspect that the best way to answer this question is to experiment with your printer using the font style you like and see how far a cartridge will go . sorry , but that 's the best i can come up with at the moment . the amount of black ink required to print depends heavily on the percentage of the space that is actually covered with ink . text requires very little ink because , generally speaking , the area printed for each caracter represents only a small percentage of the area occupied by that character and much blank space is usually provided between words and lines . so , all in all , for text only , the percentage of the space covered with ink is normally quite small ; it does vary however with the font style you pick . for instance comic san ( ms ) require more ink than say eurostyle . for images and photos , ... » read more the amount of black ink required to print depends heavily on the percentage of the space that is actually covered with ink . text requires very little ink because , generally speaking , the area printed for each caracter represents only a small percentage of the area occupied by that character and much blank space is usually provided between words and lines . so , all in all , for text only , the percentage of the space covered with ink is normally quite small ; it does vary however with the font style you pick . for instance comic san ( ms ) require more ink than say eurostyle . for images and photos , the situation is quite different as the percentage of the image covered with ink tends to be considerably greater than for text on a per square inch basis . having said all this , you should know that not all printers use the same amount of ink to print identical text pages . this adds yet another variable in trying to answer your question . so , in final analysis , i suspect that the best way to answer this question is to experiment with your printer using the font style you like and see how far a cartridge will go . sorry , but that 's the best i can come up with at the moment . « show less
i 'm not familiar with selephy cp900 . it was used on a canon .
this ink is 100 % brand new in canon sealed individual packages within a single canon box . when you purchase this ink , you are getting the exact colors that are supposed to be used in the corresponding printer . i have tried `` refills '' and found that sometimes the ink used is not the exact color needed , thus causing the final print out to be off color .
it is more used
i believe so . the ip6700d uses the cli-8 series of inks which is the same as my pro 9000 mk ii . i have used kodak paper in the past and i liked the quality of the prints . however , i am very impressed with the pro platinum paper result . side by side i think the canon paper is much better than the kodak with these printers .
yes
no
no this is photo paper
i have never tried that , but i know the ink is perfectly dry after a fairly short time , so i see no reason why you could not write on the photo .
no , not with pro platinum . i do n't know what you want to use the paper for nor hqw thick a paper your printer takes but here 's a suggestion . you could try this one , even though it 's from epson it says it works in all brands . product descriptionamazon.comthis double-sided matte paper from epson is designed for use with inkjet printers and is ideal for printing sales brochures , greeting cards , newsletter , and photographic portfolios that require both photographic image quality as well as the versatility of two-sided printing with no show-through . the 8.5-by-11-inch sheets have a 93 % opacity and an iso brightness of 103 , resulting in bright whites that help make your prints stand out . the 47 lb . basis weight and 9.7 mil thickness means that your prints have a sturdy , professional feel to them . each package contains 50 sheets of paper.product descriptionperfect for non-glare photographs , craft projects and signage . resists fading up to 72 years . guaranteed to work with all inkjet printers . form type : n a ; global product type : office paper ; paper type : presentation ; sheet size ( w x h ) : 8 1 2 in x 11 in . i hope this helps . if you could use copy paper if you do n't need thicker paper . no , not with pro platinum . i do n't know what you want to use the paper for nor hqw thick a paper your printer takes but here 's a suggestion . you could try this one , even though it 's from epson it says it works in all brands . product descriptionamazon.comthis double-sided matte paper from epson is designed for use with inkjet printers and is ideal for printing sales brochures , greeting cards , newsletter , and photographic portfolios that require both photographic image quality as well as the versatility of two-sided printing with no show-through . the 8.5-by-11-inch sheets have a ... » read more no , not with pro platinum . i do n't know what you want to use the paper for nor hqw thick a paper your printer takes but here 's a suggestion . you could try this one , even though it 's from epson it says it works in all brands . product descriptionamazon.comthis double-sided matte paper from epson is designed for use with inkjet printers and is ideal for printing sales brochures , greeting cards , newsletter , and photographic portfolios that require both photographic image quality as well as the versatility of two-sided printing with no show-through . the 8.5-by-11-inch sheets have a 93 % opacity and an iso brightness of 103 , resulting in bright whites that help make your prints stand out . the 47 lb . basis weight and 9.7 mil thickness means that your prints have a sturdy , professional feel to them . each package contains 50 sheets of paper.product descriptionperfect for non-glare photographs , craft projects and signage . resists fading up to 72 years . guaranteed to work with all inkjet printers . form type : n a ; global product type : office paper ; paper type : presentation ; sheet size ( w x h ) : 8 1 2 in x 11 in . i hope this helps . if you could use copy paper if you do n't need thicker paper . « show less
pro platinum paper is gloss finish . it is wonderful photo paper , heavier than the normal weight of the other choices . it you have a canon printer , set the settings to the pro platinum paper and high finish of the photos . do this same selection in your computer for these same settings . you will have the sharpest picture image on some of the best paper choice you could possibly want to achieve . i will find it hard to use any other kind of photo paper after printing 3 wedding albums with this choice of paper . i hope this helps you to make your choice of paper .
being a bit of a neat freak and germaphobe , i use clorox wipes on everything . so i would use a damp soap cloth to clean it then a twice over with a clorox wipe . clean & sanitary !
it could work , but it is as long as a full length keyboard . if the item sticking out on both sides because of its length is not an issue that yes , it would work decently . i have used it with a 13 inch laptop occasionally ( flat keyboard instead of a slanted one for a desktop ) and it was just as comfortable .
you just lay it in front on the keyboard and the material it 's made from just stays in place . when i want to move it have to pick it up to adjust it because it does n't slide .
my keyboard slants too but the wrist rest sits higher therefore mine does not slip away . i am able to rest my wrist on the wrist rest comfortably while i type with no issues what so ever . hope this helps .
so far it has fit in front of every keyboard i use , although if it already has a wristpad that might be awkward .
the product does not include the keyboard . its just the sock-bean-filled thing .
it 's 16.5 inches long and is just longer than a standard keyboard . when it 's shipped , it 's folded in half so they must mean the shipping length .
hi el , here 's the dimensions of the stand : overall width : 12 '' overall height : 18 '' overall depth : 12 '' capacity ( weight ) : 60 lbs.thanks , pcrush
yes , it will . i have an antek 900 case which is 8.1 inch wide and the kantek accommodated that easily and with plenty of expansion capability so it should easily accommodate your cpu enclosure case at 9 inches wide .
the max width extension is about 8.5 inches . possibly slightly more but not the additional inch you require .
my cpu is also 7 '' wide and when you put it in the stand , it needs at least 9 '' - maybe 9.5 '' . mostly because the sides are curved , not flat .
from the floor to the lowest part of the stand is 2.25 inches . it rolls somewhat awkwardly on woven ( no-pile ) carpet , but vastly easier smoother than trying to lift or slide the unit .
no . the bottom has no ventilation to it .
it has been several yrs . since i purchased this pen . to the best of my knowledge it did come in its own box , ( with instructions ) . a decent fountain pen usually comes in its own box ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..
yes the cap does , and it is a beautiful pen if your looking for a script type writing tool i would say this is not it , it is very bold and the ink will run if your composition comes in contact with moisture just a heads up .
hi david , i recommend pelikan 4001 ink , which comes in a variety of colors . i 've used their `` royal blue '' in this exact pen and had great results . it dries fast and does n't blob or clog and i 've used it on a variety of paper surfaces and textures . i got mine from amazon seller `` pen boutique ltd . ''
i 'm no expert , but i noticed on my converter that the actual ink compartment is deeper than just the opaque area . mine fills to about 2 3 of that and holds sufficient ink for several long winded letters . i have not used ink cartridges , so i would contact the company for proper fit . best of luck !
black .
the size that came with the sign . i believe they are 4 or 4-1 4 `` styrene letters
hi , i personally have not ordered additional letters , however , look for the manufacturer on amazon . i love amazon , i 'm pretty sure you can find it here . if not , google will find it for you . good luck
you need an ocr program to do that , it`s not a scanner issue , it`s a software you need to use
yes it is . i myself used it on windows 7 hp . the scanner drivers for win 7 can be downloaded from hp website , even if the cd is lost . after installing the drivers you just connect it to the computer and it works
the glass is 8 1 2 x 11 3 4
no it works perfectly
i have n't tried , but the glass size is clearly too small .
you can make copies to a printer ; of course you can make copies to a file on your computer for future use , which for me is a necessity .
you can see the image before scanning . i use editing software after scanning the image to my computer to save what i want . i have n't needed a bitmap image but i 'm pretty sure you can save your scanned image in bitmap format . i do n't have access to my manual or scanner ( packed to move ) , but if no-one answers your question you should be able to find the manual on the hp website . good scanner for the price .
go to www.hp.com go support to download windows 8 scanner software .
the largest document you can scan is letter size , or 8.5 x 11 inches . i got the info from the hp support page here : http : shopping.hp.com en_us home-office - products printers hp-scanjet-and-hp-fax l2698a ? hp-scanjet-g3110-photo-scanner &ju; mpid=oc_r1002_usen_c-001_r0002
your slides should fit . i converted about 600 slides from the 50 's and 60 's and the converter did a good job .
write this guy and ask him bcaccia @ numark.com he is head of the technical department
i 've never used a mac so i ca n't speak knowledgebly . but i would n't think so .
did work with about 700 old cardboard slides i had . no experience with glass slides . the device is a little fragile , and requires patience to fit and use .
if your negative is color the scan will be in color . i believe you have the option to change it to greyscale or black and white but i have never used that option .
when i bought the slide to pc product , it came with the brush and the disk . whoever sold it to you owes you the disk at a minimum . it 's time to take amazon to the mats . it 's worthless without the software .
this item worked great i converter close to a 1000 pictures , this is a good unit and easy to work.good luck
as long as it has the operating system that corresponds with the specs .
yes . i have windows 8 and it works fine .
it was 4 , so enough for 1 chair with 4 legs .
plastic - not sure what kind .
as long as you can nail them into the center of the leg , they will work , but may look a little weird on close inspection . but who , besides you , will be doing that . these did seem a bit small for 1 '' , but they 're functional on my chairs .
the product is imported from where i do n't know but it 's a very good product
diameter is 1 ''
3 4 of an inch .
yes . i used them in the kitchen which is tile and the dining room which is wood and it works great in both areas .
sorry , i have no idea . i do n't have a manual . you could probably search for the manual online and find out that answer ... this is however , my favorite all-time printer . thanks for asking .
yes
despite what others say , the connector is standard usb on both ends . on the pc end , it is the standard type-a and on the printer end , type-b . i promise .
you may have already gotten your answer , but yet . this printer can scan directly to a memory card.i 've had mine for about 2 months now and i absolutely love it . it 's currently on sale at a major discount warehouse for $ 179.00 .
yes !
open the printer by separating the top from the bottom and there is a release button on the right of the ink cartridges .
the big difference is the 980 uses a dedicated grey ink for improved black and white photo printing .
i am concerned about ink comsumption on this puppy , i have ( after a ongoing dispute with epson and office depot ) returned an epson artisan 800 because the dog used to sets of high capacity cartridges per month , at a cost of $ 90 set . i do a normal amout of printing , some plain paper , some4 x 6 photos and an occasional 81 2 x 11 photo when it is special . nothing really excessive.thanks for your thoughts .
it is listed on the apple site as snow leopard compatible : http : support.apple.com kb ht3669 # canoni understand that upon installing snow leopard that the appropriate drivers will de downloaded during the installation process .
i saw your post , and was wondering what you decided and how it worked out . i have an 9 year old hp all in one and want to scan 10+ years of old pics and am debating about whether to try an all in one or a stand alone scanner ... thanks !
no , brian , it does not . if you need a document feeder and top photo quality from canon , look at the mx850 . but remember , sheet feeders are for plain paper documents . to scan copy reprint your photos , you 'll need place them on the platen .
ca n't seem to find that one out . one web site stated that it can . the carrier for the cd dvd is located behind the front paper output tray . you reach in and pull it down . there is an arrow on it that i assume shows where to insert the disk . i have contacted canon about it as nobody seems to know if it 's a feature that got included or not . after posting i found this interesting page on e-bay : http : cgi.ebay.com canon-ip4600-mp980-cd-print-printer-tray-g-_w0qqitemz350187027447qqcmdzviewitemqqimsxz20090406 ? imsfp=tl090406158008r1922
i received a message from canon saying i had an invalid sales receipt .
sorry , i do n't know . i used it with a pc . check the canon site though and look for appropriate driver .
u lost the disc , then u try to download that model
i would be very interested in any reply . i have 64 bit windows 7 , and my old canon scanner does not have a driver .
my exact question . i recently went up from an imac g5 to a new imac with snow leopard . suddenly my 4 year old hp scanner is no longer compatible with my mac . i need to know which units are actually supported by snow leopard .
yes it does because it is the only way it gets power . if you did n't , it would be like buying a scanner and not getting an ac adapter to make it turn on .
unfortunately not . it 's about 8 and a half by 12 .
suggest your local trophy shop or jeweler . i do n't recall engraving being an option through amazon for this item .
the standard `` space pen '' refills will work in this one just fine . the refill itself actually has re-ordering instructions printed on the side of it , believe it or not !
ca n't say about the grease , but the company does state that this pen is suitable for use underwater . i have n't tried it out myself though .
it is just like the photo . i had this pen in the 1960 's and it is the exactly the same . however , i am not sure what you mean `` wood crew style knurling '' ?
my pen is all chrome . good quality too . has held up well ...
no
yes it 's not heavy at all but it is big and very sturdy . i pack it all the time
yes , i use it to transport groceries from my car to my condo which is quite a distance . it can be pulled up stairs if done gently as long as it is not filled to the top meaning exceeding weight it can hold .
the basket part of the cart is a good size - 18 '' wide x 15 '' deep x 21 1 4 '' to the top bar , 23 3 4 '' to the top of the front . from the floor to the top of the handle is 39 3 4 '' . i hope this is helpful .
nine out of 10 times i 'd say you 'd need something catching an edge of a wheel to keep it from sliding on to the floor . it 's not really free-standing once folded .
yes , but dragging is better , especially over bumps or rough surface .
do not know the rating . i have put a 35 pound bag of dog food in it and it will handle that . i would not attempt much more than that
feels like rubber to me . i really like this cart .
in my opinion , no . the wheels kept falling off my cart however the company was wonderful and gave me a refund . i wish i could give the product a positive review but i ca n't . however , the company is 100 % for their customer service !
yes , it folds flat , not compact , but fits in my trunk or back seat .
the one i got is not small & holds 5-6 bags of groceries . i have even put a 24 pack of water with my groceries & it held it all .
floor = 1 inch x 4 in . walls about 1 inch x 12 inches . apples , peaches pretty much same size . most would be safe . it serves my purpose well ( as a `` trunk '' on the back of a electric wheelchair )
it 's very light but the quality is not good . it 's tough to fit things into the cart ... .like groceries , etc . i would recommend you purchase a more heavy duty cart .
you are correct that the description makes no sense . the `` manufactures description '' preceding has the correct information . you do get the cart , the wheels , axils for the wheels along with clips springs etc to attach the wheels . it is a good cart so just ignore the description that goes with another item .
yes , it does .
the basket was smaller than what i expected and in addition , the screw kept falling out . i was not able to use the cart as anticipated so it ended up in the dumpster because i got tired of re-inserting the latch that constantly fell apart as i rolled it . not a good investment for me .
yes they rotate ... basket too small
hello ! thank you for your interest in whitmor 's 307-1729-blk rolling utility cart , black . the cart features 4 wheels that roll easily backwards and forwards . they do not rotate 360 degrees . this cart is perfect for groceries , hauling sports equipment or just shopping in general . the handle is covered with soft-grip foam . please feel free to reach out to our customer service department if you have any further concerns , monday-friday 8am-4:30pm ( cst ) at ( 888 ) 944-8667 or email us at help @ whitmor.com . have a great day !
hi robin ! thank you for your interest in whitmor 6307-1729-blk rolling utility cart , black . assembly time is less than 30 minutes and customers may need pliers to bend the end of the cotter pin to lock wheel in place . please feel free to reach out to our customer service department if you have any further questions , monday-friday 8am-4:30pm ( cst ) at ( 888 ) 944-8667 or email us at help @ whitmor.com . have a great day !
hi elizabeth , we can send you an instruction sheet via email . please feel free to contact one of our customer service specialists , monday-friday 8am-4:30pm ( cst ) at ( 888 ) 944-8667 or email us at help @ whitmor.com .
yes , i 've used it for 15+ years
it is much worse than e6000 . i would not call it flexible , but it did melt my fabrics and paper , left stains on the other side , while did not glue as well as e6000 .
i do n't know if it is sun resistant but i know it works in freezing temperatures .
i use this glue to attach findings to glass jewelry but it dries clear and i think it would work great for ceramic repairs !
no . i would suggest using locktite glass glue that is what professionals use .
no -- i have used it for years and never had it dry out . i like it so well , i give it to everyone for an added gift when i want just a little more of a gift . clean the top well before you put the cap back on and it will never get stuck -- as every other glue i have used has done .
i think the glue would hold the decorations in place just fine , but it would be very messy to apply . not for really fine work .
yes , it will .
yes they do .
yes they do .
it is on both sides , front and back .
12
plastic . heavy duty plastic but no metal at all
it is a hard plastic ... very durable ! i installed this thing 2-3 weeks ago , and love it !
an additional 1.5 inches per side . so total of 3 inches .
10 '' long , 10 '' wide and 5 `` high ( 10 '' x10 '' x5 '' ) - the length can be adjusted though .
the bottom of the unit is 2 '' off the ground and the bottom of your pc will sit 2 3 4 '' off the ground .
it can hold 9 '' inch case .
well it does have plastic casters ( wheels ) , so it can move on carpet as long as carpet is short . the longer the carpet fibers the more difficult it will be to move around . i have mine on tile .
it 's plastic but is very sturdy . it 's the best sharpener be ever had .
yes it does ! a perfect point every time . best manual pencil sharpener i 've ever had . great investment !
ha ! that is a very good question , which i have never thought of before . obviously if the case is loose or if it is violently shaken it will definitely leak some but in general the sharpener really does not make a mess . it is very good pencil sharpener that does not make much mess . definitely worth it and your current backpack woes .
these will not.. they are excellent metal sharpeners for standard # 2 pencils however .
i received just one sharpener . very pleased with it .
yes
these sharpeners leave a long point like a good crank sharpener would .
they do not seal .
yes they have holes . i use them to put my sheet music in a binder .
yes .
no . the box says they 're made in malaysia , but they 're marketed by a u.s. firm . the quality seems very good : they work .
i wrote on some of mine with permanent markers ... ... .not sure about wet erase markers
it does not indicate on the package . their customer service number is 866-971-9991. item # unv21125
yes they are .
yes . you have to attach the tray when you get the board . i think you can have it right or left .
yes !
no it is not
it comes with hooks to mount it on .. i 'm not sure i 'd it would work with what you have listed .
yes it will .
yes . it is what epson sates it is a workforce , i use it like a workhorse .
i 'm not sure what you are asking for , but from what i found a the definition of sublimation , i would have to say no .
i use royal sublimation paper , i bought on ebay . although , you can use any sublimation paper .
epson works great thts all i use it for .
printer is usb and it will do t-shirts
i use my printer more often than you do so i do n't have your problem , but i 'll offer a suggestion you might consider . that is to remove the cartridges before you are going to leave it for a period of time and seal the it with scotch tape . i do remove my cartridges with regularity so know you can take them out and put them back in quite a few times . like i said , i 've never tried this but it does n't sound like you have anything to lose by trying it . good luck .
i do n't know about it being the same as the t-30 but , i use it for sublimation and originally had a ciss but switched to refillable cartridges because i had issues with my ciss . i have n't had a problem since i switched .
it 's an inkjet printer that you can use with sublimation inks .
i had the first one about 4 years when it withered and died . it performed so well i ordered an identical one and have had it a year or so . no problems at all .
it takes 2 aaa batteries . it is not rechargeable i like it very much . just wish the light would not time out so fast .
4 3 4 inches long , 3 inches wide & 3 4 inch deep -- fits in purse nicely -- or large pockets
no .
no , i am sorry ,
yes , you can search with that criteria as well as by exact verse reference . this new one , as opposed to his ancient franklin , needs you to spell the search word correctly . this one has a cover over the screen and buttons , which does provide much more protection . all in all , i think my husband is very satisfied with it .
looking up lexicons it reads wordbook or dictionary , of greek , latin , or hebrew . the answer to your question is no .
so sorry that i can not comment . i never received this item . what i can say though was that when i contacted amazon about the situation my funds were refunded immediately . i am always impressed and pleased with amazon 's customer service especially when problems arise with orders placed .
i`m sorry but never had that problem . sounds to me that you should send it back . my husband has owned 3 ofthese electronic bibles over the last 20 yrs . & did not have this happen . i don`t know how old yours is but soundslike something is wrong with the unit itself . have a blessed day & pray things work out for you ... .judy
no . the one bad thing about this model is the light does not stay on for very long , you have to contually press light to read .
it does have the trademark and also the expiration date . it is exactly the same package i purchase in store but at a much better price .
the product expiration date is the use before on the back of the box ( year.month ) eg . use before 2015.09
brother mfc 6490 wc uses the lc65 ink
yes and it worked just fine . it all came as a true epson with all yellow stickers on the jet area as it should .
i do n't know because i have used it , but different shipments could have different ink dates .
according to the following link , from epson , it will work : http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store jsp buy-ink-results.do ? sku=c11cb18201 &type; =1 &re; f=sem_us-brand-artisan-ink_ink-730-artisan &wm; _crid=18490789 &wm; _lpid=80650261 &wm; _ctid=475 &wm; _kwid=54978864 &wm; _mtid=1 &wm; _content=0 &wm; _g_crid=35167420992 &wm; _g_kw= % 2bartisan+ % 2b730+ % 2bink &wm; _g_pcmt= &wm; _g_cnt=0 &wm; _g_device=c &gclid; =clyptkpv6rscfa4-mgoddz0a6a &gclsrc; =aw.ds &wm; _kw= % 2bartisan+ % 2b730+ % 2bink &utm; _source=google &utm; _medium=cpc &utm; _term= % 2bartisan+ % 2b730+ % 2bink &utm; _campaign=us+ % 2d+brand+ % 2d+artisan+ % 2d+ink & wm_sd=1 according to the following link , from epson , it will work : http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store jsp buy-ink-results.do ? sku=c11cb18201 &type; =1 &re; f=sem_us-brand-artisan-ink_ink-730-artisan &wm; _crid=18490789 &wm; _lpid=80650261 &wm; _ctid=475 &wm; _kwid=54978864 &wm; _mtid=1 &wm; _content=0 &wm; _g_crid=35167420992 &wm; _g_kw= % 2bartisan+ % 2b730+ % 2bink &wm; _g_pcmt= &wm; _g_cnt=0 &wm; _g_device=c &gclid; =clyptkpv6rscfa4-mgoddz0a6a &gclsrc; =aw.ds &wm; _kw= % 2bartisan+ % 2b730+ % 2bink &utm; _source=google &utm; _medium=cpc &utm; _term= % 2bartisan+ % 2b730+ % 2bink &utm; _campaign=us+ % 2d+brand+ % 2d+ar ... » read more according to the following link , from epson , it will work : http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store jsp buy-ink-results.do ? sku=c11cb18201 &type; =1 &re; f=sem_us-brand-artisan-ink_ink-730-artisan &wm; _crid=18490789 &wm; _lpid=80650261 &wm; _ctid=475 &wm; _kwid=54978864 &wm; _mtid=1 &wm; _content=0 &wm; _g_crid=35167420992 &wm; _g_kw= % 2bartisan+ % 2b730+ % 2bink &wm; _g_pcmt= &wm; _g_cnt=0 &wm; _g_device=c &gclid; =clyptkpv6rscfa4-mgoddz0a6a &gclsrc; =aw.ds &wm; _kw= % 2bartisan+ % 2b730+ % 2bink &utm; _source=google &utm; _medium=cpc &utm; _term= % 2bartisan+ % 2b730+ % 2bink &utm; _campaign=us+ % 2d+brand+ % 2d+artisan+ % 2d+ink & wm_sd=1 « show less
i have artisan 835 , so i do n't know . check the manual or what is in it .
sorry i have not tried it , but if you do i would use it on something you can experiment on and if it works when dried would heat set it with a wet pressing cloth . i have used other inks and it has worked but not this one at this time .
yes it does .
i guess they define one sheet has 2 sides ( pages , front and back ) . hope this helps .
hi maggie . the paper is white and works quite well with fountain pens . just to be sure , i just tested mine with a pilot vanishing point , and a lamy safari , both with noodlers ink . there was no bleeding , and it wrote smoothly . the only minor issue was on the back side , the print is lightly visible - probably not a big deal if using this tablet for lettering practice .
no . it 's got the dashed line in between the two lines for beginning printers to measure upper & lowercase letters . perfect for kinder - first
i just pulled out a ruler and double checked , and the space between the solid blue and the solid red is 1 2 inch , with the broken blue line directly between .
no , it 's not . it 's just `` sewed '' in the middle of a pile of big pages and then folded into half . if you tear one page off , i 'm pretty sure the other part of the page will fall off too .
it 's 1 notebook not a `` pack ''
it 's a standard composition book size , smaller than a traditional notebook .
yes
it does not usually leave a mark at all
i have had it do that , remove paint , but that was flaky and old in the first place . i have also had it leave a little bit of a slight 'grease mark ' , but very faint . if the paint is matte , it does not do any damage such as flaking in my experience . if it is high gloss thick coat , it also does not remove paint . in my experience , if the paint is on the wall the way it should be , then there is no fear of paint flakes .
its documentation says you should not use it on wallpaper . i do n't have any around the house , so i ca n't say for sure .
depends on the fabric . there are infinate surface finishes . cheap enough try
i have not experienced that problem , but my guess is that you will need to buy a new roll .
i used less than 1 pack on mine . i bought my stands 2 years ago , but my klipsch speakers are only about 20 pounds , maybe 25 pounds and are 8 '' x15 '' each . i would get 2 packs to be safe because your speakers are double the weight of mine . whatever you do not use you can use on other things since the adhesive strips work on just about anything .
maybe to the floor or other flat surfaces but not to a wall
heat from sun would probably be alright , but furnace or fireplace heat , i dunno ...
if you are purchasing a new one , i would think so , however , i am not sure . you better check with the vendor . i will add my two cents as to the printer and cartridges . the printer is a great printer ; it is fast , prints high quality color copies and we 've had our printer for years without any problems ( knock on wood ) and it is a shared printer in an office of 8 people . the only drawback is the outrageous cost of the cartridges . had we known how costly they are , we probably would not have purchased the printer . we should have researched that and included in our pros and cons printer comparison , but did not . anyway , i would give the printer 5 stars if you can afford the expensive cartridges . if you are purchasing a new one , i would think so , however , i am not sure . you better check with the vendor . i will add my two cents as to the printer and cartridges . the printer is a great printer ; it is fast , prints high quality color copies and we 've had our printer for years without any problems ( knock on wood ) and it is a shared printer in an office of 8 people . the only drawback is the outrageous cost of the cartridges . had we known how costly they are , we probably would not have purchased the printer . we should have researched that and included in our pros and cons printer ... » read more if you are purchasing a new one , i would think so , however , i am not sure . you better check with the vendor . i will add my two cents as to the printer and cartridges . the printer is a great printer ; it is fast , prints high quality color copies and we 've had our printer for years without any problems ( knock on wood ) and it is a shared printer in an office of 8 people . the only drawback is the outrageous cost of the cartridges . had we known how costly they are , we probably would not have purchased the printer . we should have researched that and included in our pros and cons printer comparison , but did not . anyway , i would give the printer 5 stars if you can afford the expensive cartridges . « show less
it should be standard 110 power cord in us . do you have the printer , or are you looking at it online ?
yes and we do have them in stock . if your interested let me know and i can get you a price.regards ,
not unless you have a router with an extra port on it you can plug this into .
i bought it in early september . i do n't know if it 's the new one . it 's the one shown here .
yes , 3 4 of an inch
screws do not stick to it . only magnets .
the mounts are made for horizontal hanging , but you could buy picture wire and make it vertical .
i never had any issue like that .
not really . and do n't buy this thing . i ordered two , and on both of them the writing surface has separated out from the backing cardboard . looks like a decal with air bubbles under it . unusable .
just horizontally with the hardware that is included . i recently moved and rehung both this and my board dudes 22 x 35 corkboard -- both are horizontal only.i hope this helps .
that 's the correct size .
no , the board has a backing on it . it 's magnetic on the front only . hope this helps
the frame is included in the dimensions . the frame is 1.5 inches wide .
it is not meant to be removable . i suppose you could remove it if you broke it apart . it 's a very sturdy , heavy-duty frame .
it is bigger than a normal sized computer monitor . it 's equivalent of approximately 40 '' or 1040 mm diagonal screen . hope that helps .
i have mine hung up with stick on hooks that you can find just about anywhere these days . they seem to be plenty strong enough for the weight of the product . i used wire to allow the board to sit flat if that is important to you . hope this helps .
i 'm not totally sure , but i 'm using standard push pins that are just at 1 2 '' and the flat part of the push pin head is flush with the cork when i push it all the way in . everything stays really well on the board that i have . no problems .
wood - i bought three as a gift and the recipient really liked them - other than the fact that when then arrived they smelled like manure - she used febreze and it got rid of the smell
the back is flat , but it requires you nail in two screws to attach it to the metal prongs in the back . so i do n't know if you could use tape , it would seem to heavy . but you can try and send it back if it does n't work out ! : )
yes i hung it vertically with no problem
no , although you could add hooks on the side you want . they just have a small screw holding the hooks . mine is portrait . the hooks are easy to find .
i do not know the exact thickness . it 's not very thick but it does work well with the regular-size push-pins i 'm using .
i do n't think so , it seems like a very high quality board . i use straight pins though , and they seem to go in just fine and far enough .
yes , you can hang either way , it comes with the hanger that you attach , and screws for the wall..
yes
joanne , the mounting hardware that is included can be used to hang the bulletin board `` longways . '' we went one step further and placed two screws directly into the frame so the board is permanently affixed to the wall . hope this helps !
most definitely . i 'm left handed .
not at all
i think yes is large pad folio
no , the zipper does n't get in the way . the portfolio is a little bulky for writing directly in if you do not have a lot of table space , such as at a lunch meeting .
yes opens up and out and comes with pad inside
it may fit real snug . i have an asus tf700 10 '' tablet and its just right .
i do n't believe it to be really leather , especially given the low price . however , i think the feel is nice soft compared to a lot of products that are the same price or more . i bought them as gifts for my team and they love them .
i believe will fit because i put all my certificate and couple regular folders with resumes and copies of my other papers and still had more room is very good for me wired perfectly
it probably depends on where you live . some places take just about anything made of plastic . while other areas , like ours , only recycle common stuff like soda bottles and milk jugs . probably have to ask your pickup or local recycle center to know for sure . it 's not marked with any recycle numbers , if that 's what you 're asking .
sorry i had not used mine yet so i went in a tried it to answer your question at a gentle pull it did not separate but when i found the perforation and pulled harder there it tore nicely . hope this is of some help .
sorry to say i can not make the comparison as i have never purchased from pro packaging . what i can say is i am happy with the wrap from valuemailers .
each sheet ( perforated ) is 1 foot square so each roll is 175 feet long by 1 foot wide times two rolls for a total of 350 feet long by 1 foot wide .
i do n't know the exact weight but it is very light and weighs almost nothing ; however , it provides excellent protection . in addition , the wrap is perforated and can be torn off for a small size of 12inches or torn off for a piece as long as you need .
these would be considered `` regular '' size bubbles . the larger bubbles are 1 2 '' .
in my opinion , it sort of does stick to itself which is good when you wrap something in it but when you remove it , it is reusable .
no it did not
i really do n't think the material underneath is cardboard . my 13 year old son is pretty rough on his binders . he uses it everyday and this is the second year that he has carried the same binder .
i am not sure what product is on line , but this is a regular size notebook with 3 rings to hold regular size notebook paper . i do believe customers use case-it binders for couponing .
no , the rings have not come off . my high school kids have used these binders for two school years , now , and not one out of the 12 had rings come off or loosen . the other style of this product ( outside zipper closure ) did have an issue of the outside zipper breaking for us , that is why we went to the outside velcro closure style this year . very sturdy . these are larger than the usual binders , fyi , note the measurements before buying book bags .
actually , no the folder is incorporated into the binder so it ca n't be removed . but the folder is negligible if your not placing papers into it . hope this helps !
there are a few pockets within the folder . i purchased the multiple size folders that can be kept on the rings within the closure and the variety of folders is very good . i actually bought the binder and folders ( inserts ) for our daughter and she loves it and has commented on how versatile the binder and folders are . its a good investment if you are into coupons .
i do n't see why not . the stand has a 'lip ' at the front , to keep the laptop from sliding off , but the sides and back are flat , so there is really no size restriction . i 'm using it with a 15-inch lenovo . the sides of my laptop extend about an inch over the edges on each side , and the back does n't extend at all .
yes , it will raise to a maximum of six inches .
it has a small lip at the end that holds the laptop in place . this is a really good deal ... used it a lot and it still is great !
no ... it is not hearing aid compatable ... a list of features : product manual ( s ) panasonic kx-tg9391 operating instructions ( pdf ) download adobe® reader® to view pdfs . product specification # of lines 2 frequency 1.9 ghz service option caller id voicemail indicator yes speakerphone yes display yes answering machine system yes # of handsets up to 6 # of stored names up to 50 auto attendant no colors black conferencing yes data port no headset jack yes hearing aid compatible no wall mountable yes warranty 1 year multi-language english and spanish manufactured by panasonic ( see more > > ) mfr . part number kx-tg9391t no ... it is not hearing aid compatable ... a list of features : product manual ( s ) panasonic kx-tg9391 operating instructions ( pdf ) download adobe® reader® to view pdfs . product specification # of lines 2 frequency 1.9 ghz service option caller id voicemail indicator yes speakerphone yes display yes answering machine system yes # of handsets up to 6 # of stored names up to 50 auto attendant no colors black conferencing yes data port no headset jack yes hearing aid compatible no ... » read more no ... it is not hearing aid compatable ... a list of features : product manual ( s ) panasonic kx-tg9391 operating instructions ( pdf ) download adobe® reader® to view pdfs . product specification # of lines 2 frequency 1.9 ghz service option caller id voicemail indicator yes speakerphone yes display yes answering machine system yes # of handsets up to 6 # of stored names up to 50 auto attendant no colors black conferencing yes data port no headset jack yes hearing aid compatible no wall mountable yes warranty 1 year multi-language english and spanish manufactured by panasonic ( see more > > ) mfr . part number kx-tg9391t « show less
yes it does . during the call . if you are connected to a voip system you can archive the call data .
it does .
there is a cordless handset on the base .
the ads show a corded base phone plus one cordless handset
hi there i just re packed this machine and returned it to the manufacturer . iits have had it for less than 3 months and it does not work . the manufacturer says it will repair not replace and i had to pay for the shipping back to oregon where the repair center is . i do not have any idea how long it will take to fix not did the offer to give me a time frame . my best advice is to not but this machine . i know this was not what you asked and i can not respond to that since i just shipped the machine back , but regardless whether it does take bolivares do not spend you money on this trash .
yes it had no problem with the
no
it is really awful ! i try to make several labels at a time - like a long ribbon of labels i will separate before with scissors . this way , the printer cuts only one piece of blank paper .
i do n't know , i have never tried . i suppose if your computer is in another language it should be able . the brother is connected to your computer so i would suppose it would .
the maximum tape size for this printer is 1 '' , but you can make the type size edge to edge ( top to bottom ) which looks pretty huge . we use them for names on hard hats and you can read them from quite a distance .
yes . i have been using it on a mac for the last year without issues . make sure you have the most up to date software from brother .
hi jde , the labeler will put as many as you want . you create a text area and just fill it with whatever you want .
yes . that is one of the primary purposes of this label printer . brother also supplies utilities to create barcodes from databases or from excel.you can see more details of the product on the amazon site : brother pc-connectable label maker with auto cutter ( pt-2430pc ) or more at brother site : http : www.brother-usa.com labeling_solutions modeldetail 7 pt2430pc overview # .uwtt72kvnsg
no mac , found this out after it arrived on my door step , i have an old hp my daughter took to college and fired it up solely to print labels . makes you wonder why brother does not wake up and smell the apples ... ... .. ?
yes , 7 and 8 both work just fine .
honestly , i have n't try to refill the . they are so cheap that i rather just buy new ones . they are good quality , or i have been lucky . who knows ?
type it in at amazon . it comes up .
it will get punctured while install .
3 black cartridges
i have a 13 inch macbook pro late 2008 , and i used this for that . it worked just fine . i do n't think the size should have an effect on it .
i do n't know , i 've tried it with late 2008 model only
the book which was packed with you macbook pro should have a section near the back which will spell out the sdram specs you will need to use to increase memory .
i placed it in a imac from 2011. it worked with no errors or glitches . i ca n't assume if it does for macbook . i suggest you check the configuration ( on your computer go to the relevant place which details your ram ) and confirm what you have is the same as this . as long as you have the exact same config as the original , it should work . sorry i ca n't bemore specific . good luck .
i think so i saw other imac reviewers who did use , but to be sure you need to know the imac model number and year and then look at apple website or other places to see exactly what is recommended .
ours was for a macbook 2010
hi alejandro , i 'm jewel with kingston technical support , here to address your question . part number kta-mb1066k2 4g is compatible the the macbook 13-inch late 2008 model . for any further questions or concerns , please call us at 1-800-435-0640 ( usa and canada only ) m - f 6am - 6pm pt and i or another available technician will assist you.thank you for selecting kingston as your upgrade partner .
i use only macs so i would n't know .
i bought mine back in oct. 2013 , it 's been working great for 7 months now . i used to buy the original brother toner which was almost $ 100.00 , this one is a 'brother tn350 compatible toner cartridge ' , i take it as a generic brand but is compatible to brother tn350 . before you install the cartridge , make sure you shake it several times , shake it left and right plus up and down . these toner cartridges use dry powder ink , it may settle to one side during the shipping . good luck !
i dunno but i bought some for my mfc 7820n and they were terrible . never worked from start . i found a company called super media store that sells lynkyo brand compatible and they work great also cheaper than brand by half
worked just fine for me . i did clean the inside of my printer to clean up any dry printer powder so it would n't streak . ( which seems to be an issue people are mistakenly saying is caused by the new cartridge ) .
was not able to make it work for me either . trashed total unit and got another due to job time constrants .
no - read the description
i actually never noticed that . it is only one pen . i do n't know why they say pack of 12 .
i believe the alpha tech is much larger in diameter .
i have had mine for overa year , i use it daily and have had to replace the ink refill once.i work in the aviation industry and everything is black ink , pencil or red ink pencil.i have not had to refill the red cartridge nor have i had to refill the pencil lead.not sure on the pencil lead capacity as i have had no need to refill . my biggest complaint is that its difficult to tell the different color inks so i am constantly doing a little test scribble off to the side before writing.they supply a little colored tic mark on the cartridge but it wears off pretty quick .
rotate . the click advances the pencil lead .
i do n't have my metric diametric device on me right now , but the rounded design of this pen makes it slimmer than the common mechanical pencil . it fits into the pen slot of uniforms with integrated pen holders and the clip on the top of the pen is flexible yet strong enough to secure the pen to clothing .
the first cylinder before the bump in the middle holding the ink and pencil lead can slide off and the cap comes off .
no
any multi pen refill will work the shorter ones i assume you mean .
no , they are regular ink but it writes very smooth , like a gel but without any smudges . hope it helps
mine was fine . probably safe to reorder
any pre-mixed paste is fine ... the mural comes as a vinal coated wallpaper . just be sure to sponge off with warm water any residue that is squeezed out between the sheets . good luck !
no , thanks
sherrie , we used board and cork so we could use map pins on ours . we attached it right on the walk and then framed it . we love it ! one note of caution - the glue we used dried very quickly and bubbled a bit after we hung it - but still not that noticeable . hope this helps .
i think it was a clay based paste . i do know it was n't wallpaper paste . i put mine up with thumb tacks . so i could take down easily and reuse .
i used flat white thumb tacks . that way i can take it down and use it again .
we have not framed ours but a great idea ! i would definitely cut and nail each piece and install on the wall . i would not build the frame before hand . also do n't cut any molding until the map is on the because each panel overlaps a bit .
yes . all of the states in the united states , as well as the canadian provinces , are labeled .
the cross mini ballpoint refill is 2 5 8 inches long . i have not tried this refill in a livescribe pen .
2 are certainly included
i measured my cross refill 8518-4. it is 2.625 inches long
sure does !
the back of the calendar is white and the lines are barely visible on the reverse side .
i have n't tried the wet erase markers , but those white magic erase sponges take off the dry erase marker with no problem .
hello trish . the calendar is 37 inches tall .
hello , this item is shipped rolled up in a tube .
we use that expo dry erase spray and that works out pretty good . does n't erase to well without it ...
i bought it last year , i do n't really remember , but i think it came in a tube . i do n't remember being annoyed .
yes ! note that these are letter length , not legal length .
the label on my box for product # 73234 says 5-1 4 '' expansion .
yes . yes they will . legal size mamilla folders will not but letter size will .
the coiled cord snaps into the handset and the phone base .
no the phone can not be set to pulse .
it 's a touchtone , but made to look like a rotary phone . do n't drop it . i did and the neck broke . i bought it as a prop for an opera set in the '30s and it looked good in stage . never used it as a proper phone . enjoy . btw , despite having dropped it , it feels solid .
yes ! underneath the phone is a volume switch ,
if the in inch side is horizontal the flap is at the top
the 6 x 9 size envelope fits within the normal envelope dimensions but keep in mind that the forever stamp is only good for the 1st oz of weight .
this particular envelope is packed 500 to a box so 1000 will get you two boxes of 500. this is our own private label brand .
yes
yes , i have used these in a mailing machine in the past . it probably depends on the machine .
they are just plain white envelops .
nope . photo would have to be slightly smaller .
i am not sure but they handle the heat from a konica minolta bizhub 754c copier printer .
all the phones have ringers and can be turned on off via a menu selection on their display .
yes . they will become a conference call . everyone will hear .
the handsets do not have head jacks . i do n't think it had speed dial . one hand set could only be answered if the speaker was on . was told it was a discontinued model . save your money .
yes they do
go to your menu button and follow your instuctions its very easy
yes , they do . i 've never used it , as it 's only me here , but i believe they can be used as a baby monitor . not sure about that , however .
it does have that feature , but it will not work properly if the batteries are not maintained .
no it does not have a beep . it has a blinking light .
5 '' *5 ''
i think it only has one but not sure i never used the item
yes you can as long as it 's a thin grocery bag . thick bags will prevent the door to securely close and therefore the shredder not working .
16 3 4 h x 7 3 4 d x 12 1 4 w
i like it . so far i 've never had a problem . this is my second royal shredderhave one in my garage but different model
yes it does . easy to empty .
first , make sure the machine is shut off . then , when you are facing the side that shows the window with the paper that has been shredded , there is a little place to hold and just slide that container straight out slowly ( do n't lift - just slide ) . hope that answers your question .
no , the top portion is not removable . the only part that comes out is the paper tray . hope this helps . btw this unit is very loud .
to me , cross-cut means cut in two directions . some shredders make long ribbons of confetti . this one makes little rectangles about 1 inch long by less than 1 4 '' . they are oriented in the same direction as the original paper , not angled or biased .
no , there is nothing in the directions that state the shredder needs to be lubricated.a bottle of fellowes shredder oil , 12 oz . bottle with extension nozzle ( 35250 ) would n't hurt though to apply every once in a while .
well , yes before you laminate them they are . they are a smooth plastic . they also have a lot of static before you laminate them so it 's hard to get the paper in just right , but you are going to get that with any laminating pouch . ( believe me , i 've tried them all , i order these for work and we go through tons of them . ) i have bought cheap pouches before from other places and these are good ones . when they say 5 mil they are actually 5 mil . ( i 've had them not be from other places ) and they laminate well . they 're nice and clear . no yellow-ish tint . this is the best price i have found for good laminating sheets . i hope that helps ! well , yes before you laminate them they are . they are a smooth plastic . they also have a lot of static before you laminate them so it 's hard to get the paper in just right , but you are going to get that with any laminating pouch . ( believe me , i 've tried them all , i order these for work and we go through tons of them . ) i have bought cheap pouches before from other places and these are good ones . when they say 5 mil they are actually 5 mil . ( i 've had them not be from other places ) and they laminate well . they 're nice and clear . no yellow-ish tint . this is the best price i have found for good ... » read more well , yes before you laminate them they are . they are a smooth plastic . they also have a lot of static before you laminate them so it 's hard to get the paper in just right , but you are going to get that with any laminating pouch . ( believe me , i 've tried them all , i order these for work and we go through tons of them . ) i have bought cheap pouches before from other places and these are good ones . when they say 5 mil they are actually 5 mil . ( i 've had them not be from other places ) and they laminate well . they 're nice and clear . no yellow-ish tint . this is the best price i have found for good laminating sheets . i hope that helps ! « show less
only with purple cow .
the item i purchased was definitely 5 mil . the final product was far superior to the 3 mil . product . unlike bernice 's order , my laminating sheets came in a fairly rigid box . ordered 4-5 boxes . do n't know if it made any difference , but i purchased this item about 5 months ago .
i used them on amazon basic thermal laminator and they could-not have worked any better so i would think a similar effect on the scotch , would not be unreasonable .
i did use them for a bit with the `` your story `` laminator ... just make sure you do n't get the 10 mil laminating pouches to use with the laminator as mine stopped working after using the heavier pouches .
it really does not matter because this is quality product . i purchased this product and it is very good quality . i doubt if there is any of this product that is not imported . if you go to oregon laminations website they describe the product as follows : specifications : category : hot lamination supplies for pouch laminators > letter sizesize : 9 '' x 11.5 '' ( metric 229mm x 292mm ) thickness : 5 mils per flap ( metric 125 microns ) for a total of 10 mils added to paper sheetmaterial : clear gloss finish polyester ( pet ) with heat activated adhesive - importedproduct code : lr5rcpackaging : 100 pouches plus at least 1 silicone coated laminating carrier to protect your laminator from excess adhesive squeeze out if you notice under the material listed it states imported . oregon laminations is a warehouse that sells supplies and equipment , they even state this on their website . when you click the `` new link '' , they do not even come up.the product is sold by perfect utopia and fulfilled by amazon . perfect utopia is an online supply house who probably busy large quantities of this laminate from oregon laminations instead of having to find a source for this laminate , again who cares it is a great product for a great price . if it is not in stock , it will be restocked soon or go to another supplier for the almost same price . research before you buy . it really does not matter because this is quality product . i purchased this product and it is very good quality . i doubt if there is any of this product that is not imported . if you go to oregon laminations website they describe the product as follows : specifications : category : hot lamination supplies for pouch laminators > letter sizesize : 9 '' x 11.5 '' ( metric 229mm x 292mm ) thickness : 5 mils per flap ( metric 125 microns ) for a total of 10 mils added to paper sheetmaterial : clear gloss finish polyester ( pet ) with heat activated ... » read more it really does not matter because this is quality product . i purchased this product and it is very good quality . i doubt if there is any of this product that is not imported . if you go to oregon laminations website they describe the product as follows : specifications : category : hot lamination supplies for pouch laminators > letter sizesize : 9 '' x 11.5 '' ( metric 229mm x 292mm ) thickness : 5 mils per flap ( metric 125 microns ) for a total of 10 mils added to paper sheetmaterial : clear gloss finish polyester ( pet ) with heat activated adhesive - importedproduct code : lr5rcpackaging : 100 pouches plus at least 1 silicone coated laminating carrier to protect your laminator from excess adhesive squeeze out if you notice under the material listed it states imported . oregon laminations is a warehouse that sells supplies and equipment , they even state this on their website . when you click the `` new link '' , they do not even come up.the product is sold by perfect utopia and fulfilled by amazon . perfect utopia is an online supply house who probably busy large quantities of this laminate from oregon laminations instead of having to find a source for this laminate , again who cares it is a great product for a great price . if it is not in stock , it will be restocked soon or go to another supplier for the almost same price . research before you buy . « show less
it really depends how 'thick ' each file is . i have about 40 hanging files ; some with a lot in them , some with just a few sheets . if all files are thin , you could probably get 50 hanging files in .
aluminum
i really do n't think you want to switch them . this will restrict your access to the files because of the height of the device .
same answer as the others . however , the `` legs '' have grooves at one inch increments that you could hacksaw them to the height you want and put the caps back on , therefore not having to remove the wheels . i wish it was a little taller .
i do n't know how to answer . i do n't know what kmp means . all i do know is i love it ! it works fantastic and i would get another if necessary .
it holds standard letter-sized hanging folders . i did n't measure , but if they will hold 12 '' wide paper , then this file cabinet will .
i have two file carts , one is side by side and the other is all one row . the all one row is like the picture on the left .
this keyboard tray is too big for your purposes i would think . it is 30 '' wide with a 10 '' deep tray .
i locks when in ( via a small notch in the slider ) , but not when extended . have n't had any issues with mine wandering back inward when working , but had considered that , and i think that a little work with a punch and some planning would easily modify the slider to require some more effort to move .
the 30 '' is the width of the tray , i.e . from left to righ . the 13.4 '' is incorrect . i purchased the tray and it is 30x11 . there is ample room to fit a full-sized keyboard and mouse on the tray .
you have to be able to drill in the screws - can you drill into granite without breaking it ?
mine sticks out 9 '' . you can mount it further out , but it will stick out slightly when shut .
the outsides of the mounting brackets are 9 3 4 '' apart . ( so , the back of the back bracket ( at the narrower top part of it ) would be 9 3 4 '' from the front face of your desk . the screws that attach them are 8 3 4 `` on center . however , be aware that the runners extend 12 7 8 '' under the desk .
there are 2 3 8 inches .
the desk thickness does n't sound like it 's enough . the screws were wood screws . you 'll be putting pressure on the try and may eventually rip the screws out of the desk . perhaps adding two 3 4 '' x 37 or 38 '' pieces of wood to the bottom of the desk where the tray is screwed in and glue with construction adhesive as well as screwing it to the desk , that would add strength and structure to installing the tray .
probably not . the platform , with slider mechanism measures nearly 31 '' and then there are two brackets that attach the unit to the underside of the desk that extend an additional 3 4-1 '' on either side .
i actuali places felt stickers under them and they glide nicely and quietly without running away from you
the black plastic part is 1 1 4 inches tall excluding the metal stem .
no . i ordered this based on previous answers but am now returning these .
plastic , for that reason i purchased felt self adhering pads to help slide and quiet movement
i drilled a hole straight through the top ( there is a small indent on the top of these so figured that was as good a place as any ) and squirted in about 5ml of ink . put it back in the printer and unfortunately it still showed empty ink cartridge , so it must be using it 's hp technology that we need a special device to reset the cartridge to be full again . however i did n't leave it in the printer long enough to test it to see if the ink would come out on the page or not , so still wondering how to properly refill these.i wish i had cut the top off with my dremel tool i thought about this , but not until after i had already thrown away the old cartridge . this new cartridge is one of the xl cartridges so i will surely cut the top off if nobody has come up with instructions by then to see how to refill it if it 's even possible which i hope it is , else we 've pretty much throwin away thousands of dollars buying the whole office filled with these printers , but we wanted to switch them all over to the xl cartridges and then refill those since they should hold at least 2x the ink quantity based just on their size alone . so once the first xl cartridge dries up on one of these printers , i 'll cut the top off and have a look inside . i drilled a hole straight through the top ( there is a small indent on the top of these so figured that was as good a place as any ) and squirted in about 5ml of ink . put it back in the printer and unfortunately it still showed empty ink cartridge , so it must be using it 's hp technology that we need a special device to reset the cartridge to be full again . however i did n't leave it in the printer long enough to test it to see if the ink would come out on the page or not , so still wondering how to properly refill these.i wish i had cut the top off with my dremel tool i thought ... » read more i drilled a hole straight through the top ( there is a small indent on the top of these so figured that was as good a place as any ) and squirted in about 5ml of ink . put it back in the printer and unfortunately it still showed empty ink cartridge , so it must be using it 's hp technology that we need a special device to reset the cartridge to be full again . however i did n't leave it in the printer long enough to test it to see if the ink would come out on the page or not , so still wondering how to properly refill these.i wish i had cut the top off with my dremel tool i thought about this , but not until after i had already thrown away the old cartridge . this new cartridge is one of the xl cartridges so i will surely cut the top off if nobody has come up with instructions by then to see how to refill it if it 's even possible which i hope it is , else we 've pretty much throwin away thousands of dollars buying the whole office filled with these printers , but we wanted to switch them all over to the xl cartridges and then refill those since they should hold at least 2x the ink quantity based just on their size alone . so once the first xl cartridge dries up on one of these printers , i 'll cut the top off and have a look inside . « show less
no , it came from sophiaglobal . it was an original and performs beautifully
920 920xl fits hp office jet all in one 6500 series printer scan fax copier . 92 is different cartridge for different printer
no , it came from sophiaglobal . it was an original and performs beautifully
i drilled a hole straight through the top ( there is a small indent on the top of these so figured that was as good a place as any ) and squirted in about 5ml of ink . put it back in the printer and unfortunately it still showed empty ink cartridge , so it must be using it 's hp technology that we need a special device to reset the cartridge to be full again . however i did n't leave it in the printer long enough to test it to see if the ink would come out on the page or not , so still wondering how to properly refill these.i wish i had cut the top off with my dremel tool i thought about this , but not until after i had already thrown away the old cartridge . this new cartridge is one of the xl cartridges so i will surely cut the top off if nobody has come up with instructions by then to see how to refill it if it 's even possible which i hope it is , else we 've pretty much throwin away thousands of dollars buying the whole office filled with these printers , but we wanted to switch them all over to the xl cartridges and then refill those since they should hold at least 2x the ink quantity based just on their size alone . so once the first xl cartridge dries up on one of these printers , i 'll cut the top off and have a look inside . i drilled a hole straight through the top ( there is a small indent on the top of these so figured that was as good a place as any ) and squirted in about 5ml of ink . put it back in the printer and unfortunately it still showed empty ink cartridge , so it must be using it 's hp technology that we need a special device to reset the cartridge to be full again . however i did n't leave it in the printer long enough to test it to see if the ink would come out on the page or not , so still wondering how to properly refill these.i wish i had cut the top off with my dremel tool i thought ... » read more i drilled a hole straight through the top ( there is a small indent on the top of these so figured that was as good a place as any ) and squirted in about 5ml of ink . put it back in the printer and unfortunately it still showed empty ink cartridge , so it must be using it 's hp technology that we need a special device to reset the cartridge to be full again . however i did n't leave it in the printer long enough to test it to see if the ink would come out on the page or not , so still wondering how to properly refill these.i wish i had cut the top off with my dremel tool i thought about this , but not until after i had already thrown away the old cartridge . this new cartridge is one of the xl cartridges so i will surely cut the top off if nobody has come up with instructions by then to see how to refill it if it 's even possible which i hope it is , else we 've pretty much throwin away thousands of dollars buying the whole office filled with these printers , but we wanted to switch them all over to the xl cartridges and then refill those since they should hold at least 2x the ink quantity based just on their size alone . so once the first xl cartridge dries up on one of these printers , i 'll cut the top off and have a look inside . « show less
920 920xl fits hp office jet all in one 6500 series printer scan fax copier . 92 is different cartridge for different printer
yes
i guess the fisher website is a good place to start .
the fisher refills are not universal . this pen uses the # pr4 cartridge , which is the most widely used fisher cartridge .
this one is retractable . push-button on top . nice pen .
yes
yes
yes , but you must purchase it separately .
0.7 oz
the ink is the fisher pressurized cartridge . so it would be ideal for a write in the rain type paper . from their website : fisher space pen 's sealed pressurized ink cartridgeperforms in temperatures from -30ºf to +250ºf , underwater , in zero gravity , at any angle-even upside down ! the ultimate in dependability ! the choice of ski patrols , search and rescue teams , law enforcement agencies , armed forces , and everyone who demands reliability in a writing instrument.it is a great writing ink ! it is dense but smooth . almost has a rubber or oil base feel .
i 'd bet on it !
yes . i live in las vegas and use them outdoors on my concrete pool deck to secure a pool cover . they withstand the desert sun and water from the pool just fine and i have not have any issue with them for the past year .
it should . make sure the area is clean and dry where you are applying the velcro , and if necessary cut to fit , but i have found this to be weather proof ! good stuff !
yes
there is a fussy strip and a rough hubby strip . these 2 different strips are what gets attached to each other .
it can be easily cut or trimmed using scissors .
yes .
yes .
no
yes , it works best if they are taped to a blank page - you can choose the clarity of the scan and it is easy to do .
i have used this for photos and it works great for that
i 've never tried to name a document before scanning . when the image transfers to my hard drive they are named `` img001.pdf '' or similar . i always rename and refile , as appropriate .
the epson user manual does not give that information , however ... you can contact epson customer service directly and ask them what languages their 3rd party ocr software operates with . norwegian , i 'm guessing is what you need ? try : http : www.epson.com europe.htmlthis scanner is truly made for both personal and business usage ... i feed about 2000 pages per day and am using it with a paper shear to digitize my entire library of books that will fit the scanner . also , one must determine by trial and error as to which setting of dpi compression to use for color pictures and small text sizes under 10pt . to obtain the best scan quality for the smallest file size . i do n't recommend using `` high '' compression , but have n't yet tried all dpi compression combinations . one great feature of the software is that you can 'save ' any page size into your own custom list of page sizes to scan . the epson user manual does not give that information , however ... you can contact epson customer service directly and ask them what languages their 3rd party ocr software operates with . norwegian , i 'm guessing is what you need ? try : http : www.epson.com europe.htmlthis scanner is truly made for both personal and business usage ... i feed about 2000 pages per day and am using it with a paper shear to digitize my entire library of books that will fit the scanner . also , one must determine by trial and error as to which setting of dpi compression to use for color pictures and small text ... » read more the epson user manual does not give that information , however ... you can contact epson customer service directly and ask them what languages their 3rd party ocr software operates with . norwegian , i 'm guessing is what you need ? try : http : www.epson.com europe.htmlthis scanner is truly made for both personal and business usage ... i feed about 2000 pages per day and am using it with a paper shear to digitize my entire library of books that will fit the scanner . also , one must determine by trial and error as to which setting of dpi compression to use for color pictures and small text sizes under 10pt . to obtain the best scan quality for the smallest file size . i do n't recommend using `` high '' compression , but have n't yet tried all dpi compression combinations . one great feature of the software is that you can 'save ' any page size into your own custom list of page sizes to scan . « show less
i have only scanned the checks on a one-sided basis , but it feeds and scans checks great . it also scans double-sided great , so i 'm assuming yes
yes it has software . good ?
from 200 up to 600. does color . very good for the money .
hmmmm ... ticking sound ? any enemies stopped over lately ? actually , switch the battery from one of your other phones to to this one to see if this phone starts to work . if it fixes the problem , then your batteries are dying out and should be replaced . otherwise , some liquid got into the phone and fried the circuits .
i cant tell you the size until i see my handset . it does come with a preinstalled battery . i have had it for 5 years now of rough daily use and had n't had the need to replace it
no , just regular caller id .
to my knowledge , no - but it would be an accessory that is sold separately if there is one . as i was n't interested in a head phone , i never checked
yes it does . i use it sometimes
it must be 2.5 because manuel suggest this : panasonic kx-tca60 hands-free headset which is 2.5 and it is small but i am not sure !
have n't tried , but i do n't think so .
it comes with 5 headsets , and the base unit is also a speaker phone , we did add another headset for a total of 6 , but i do n't know if it will accept another one , the speaker phone works great , people can hear me over 4 screaming kids , hope this helps .
i first replaced my batteries with original panasonic nimh batteries , however the replacement ones did not last as long as the originals . this time i replaced with sanyo eneloop batteries , because they have a `` slow to discharge '' feature . the reviews on these particular batteries are very good , plus they arrive already charged so you can continue to use your phones after replacing the batteries ( however the phone will tell you to charge it for 7 hours and it will show charging after you first insert the batteries )
the phone locator is located on the lower right silver bottom named locater intercom . when you press that button the speakerphone will `` open '' and then it will ring the phone after a few seconds . also , on your other handset phones in the menu section under intercom you can call your different handsets as well .
each handset can be hooked up to a headset . it 's on the side of the handset .
i do n't believe so as it is plugged into an outlet for power . it is a great phone system especially since it is paired , through bluetooth , with my cell phone .
yes , it has a blinking light on all receivers and base when a message has been left on the answering machine .
yes you can talk from handset to handset , or handset to base .
7 inches
boy , i do n't know . been awhile since we had this phone , so i ca n't answer that , sorry !
i do n't have the foggiest idea . but the phone works well
yes .
you can block up to 30 numbers at a time .
i find the speaker phone to be quite adequate ; sufficiently loud enough for those with hearing difficulties . the playback on the voice messaging system is not quite as loud , but i believe still adequate .
no , just the flashing light .
yes
not with the phone .
6.5 vdc 500ma
the phone does flash even if the caller left no message . you must plug ther corded phone answering maching into a wall outlet .
select phone book ( first button on left ) . then scroll to the name you would like to remove . then select edit ( first button on left ) . next select clear ( first button on left ) and continue pushing the clear button until the entry is completely removed .
contact ( on-line ) the panasonic help agent , or take it to the point-of-sale at which you purchased the panasonic kx-tga 106 m. also , lots of help available from multiple sources on the internet .
the unit i bought came with a belt clip .
that seems odd , that one handset could differentiate incoming calls as mobile or land line . the base station has a call-block feature that allows you to store up to 30 phone numbers to be blocked - which would also block those same numbers to each handset . i use this feature to filter spammers like , `` hello , this is rachael , this your last chance to receive lower interest rates on your credit card , etc. `` and to filter political calls that relentlessly seek donations . you might go into the call block option and make sure phone numbers are not blocked that you did not intend to block . the feature can be accessed from any handset under initial settings call block . if your batteries are more than a couple of years old , i 'd replace them with new aaa ni-mh that can be purchased anywhere - and you will probably find batteries now have higher amp hour capacity than your original batteries . if that does not fix the problem , you can use the new batteries in any handset that gets weak quickly during longer phone calls . have you checked to be sure the handset is not set to `` sleep '' or not ring during certain hours ? i use this often on the handset near my bed . calls will come in but ring only at the base station and other handsets . it 's called silent mode in the menu under initial settings . another option would be to call panasonic and ask if the handsets have some sort of reset procedure , but i doubt that they have a reset . sorry i do n't have any definitive answer . i have six handsets and they have been 100 % reliable . however , i replaced some of the older batteries when the handset acted weird or faded during longer conversations . that seems odd , that one handset could differentiate incoming calls as mobile or land line . the base station has a call-block feature that allows you to store up to 30 phone numbers to be blocked - which would also block those same numbers to each handset . i use this feature to filter spammers like , `` hello , this is rachael , this your last chance to receive lower interest rates on your credit card , etc. `` and to filter political calls that relentlessly seek donations . you might go into the call block option and make sure phone numbers are not blocked that you did not ... » read more that seems odd , that one handset could differentiate incoming calls as mobile or land line . the base station has a call-block feature that allows you to store up to 30 phone numbers to be blocked - which would also block those same numbers to each handset . i use this feature to filter spammers like , `` hello , this is rachael , this your last chance to receive lower interest rates on your credit card , etc. `` and to filter political calls that relentlessly seek donations . you might go into the call block option and make sure phone numbers are not blocked that you did not intend to block . the feature can be accessed from any handset under initial settings call block . if your batteries are more than a couple of years old , i 'd replace them with new aaa ni-mh that can be purchased anywhere - and you will probably find batteries now have higher amp hour capacity than your original batteries . if that does not fix the problem , you can use the new batteries in any handset that gets weak quickly during longer phone calls . have you checked to be sure the handset is not set to `` sleep '' or not ring during certain hours ? i use this often on the handset near my bed . calls will come in but ring only at the base station and other handsets . it 's called silent mode in the menu under initial settings . another option would be to call panasonic and ask if the handsets have some sort of reset procedure , but i doubt that they have a reset . sorry i do n't have any definitive answer . i have six handsets and they have been 100 % reliable . however , i replaced some of the older batteries when the handset acted weird or faded during longer conversations . « show less
yes , and yes if you mean the charging base , that is included
no . it works with the kx-tg1061 corded base unit .
in my experience , each phone needs to be programmed separately . if you hear of a way to do it , please email me
i looked at the base station for the phone as well as my cordless handsets and the letter m is off to the side a little bit from the model number and the m is in a black box . i does n't look like its even part of the model number but maybe it does signify something about the particular model . i do not know what the m signifies .
yes . i added three for a total of five . i believe you can add up to four for a total of six mobile , wireless phones
the pages are blank so you can do with them as you want . there are 12 pages ( 24 if you count front and back ) .
yes .
the pages are approximately 5 1 2 '' l x 4 1 4 '' wide . hope that helps !
no , sorry..push pins , nails , hammer , staple gun !
it is supposed to have a 70 sheet capacity .
i learned the hard way , and the frustrating way ... only large capacity staples . it is a great stapler for stapling thick packets !
no it does not
i would n't know mine quit working after 50 or less staples and i thew it away
there is a black button on the top-back part of the stapler . just push it and out pops the place that holds the staples ( at the front of the stapler ) . after you have loaded more staples just push it closed . it is very easy !
optima high capacity # 35550 .
yes a few but you need to buy the longer heavy duty staples for this machine . regular staples are too short
no , you have to buy the optima staples . they are available at any office supply store .
i do n't know . one of the reasons to get the optima 70 is that you use one staple size regardless of what you are stapling . the stapler says to use swingline 35550 staples , and does not specify any alternatives .
i use mine for blocking lace and they do not rust .
very thin like a needle . box arrived with very few t-pins because it escaped through the box 's openings . not well packed .
these are not for knitting ! they are used in dissection to pin back parts to assist you in the dissection .
yes
10 ''
the one i have the width is 12inches
one . there is enough hardware for one drawer only
overall width is about 12 & 3 8 '' , but the `` rails '' are closer to 12 '' apart meaning it will hold standard hanging file folders ( standard as in 8.5 x 11 '' ) . the length is variable , but at most is 27.5 '' - from there you can break off what you need in 1 2 '' increments , although i opted to just use a hacksaw to cut them to my desired lengths .
this printer uses separate 940 or 940xl black , yellow , magenta and cyan ink cartridges .
there is the ink door on the left . open it and install the inkregards
i am not sure what you consider `` stand alone '' . i have this unit and i sent print jobs to it through wifi from two laptops and a tablet . i have found it to be good in most ways . the one draw back is that you must use new hp print cartridges . it is `` smart '' enough to detect refilled , or competitor products . hope this helps .
pull out at a slight angle and follow the track . than slip it in the track to replace .
i always used hp xl cartridges , but without seeing what you have and only googling `` generic 940xl '' i believe it 's the same . it also says all 940 xl are compatible with the 8500. your printer should have the space to hold an xl black ink , but only normal size color .
yes , mine will only see the paper if i fill the tray about 1 2 way . put less paper in each time and you wont have the issue anymore . too bad too , because it is a great printer otherwise .
i just tonight got it working wirelessly on a macbook pro and imac.both are running snow leopard.the secret is ... on snow leopard you do not have to install any software . snow leopard detects it automatically ( bonjour ? ) and just sets everything up as needed when you need . i never used the cd included with the printer.i love it so far . it is working great for printing and scanning .
edit : this applies to the a909g wireless version only . it contains its own wap . no , you do not need a cable at all . it connects to the network via wifi . you will need a wireless router , but no physical connection between router and printer or pc and printer required . the only physical connection required is the router to the computer that acts as the gateway . my laptop is on my wireless network as well as my desktop-gateway . once i installed the software on my laptop , it prints from there just as well . one problem i had was the unit kept dropping the wifi connection . i played around and found that if i disable the powersave mode on the printer , the connection stays up indefinitely edit : this applies to the a909g wireless version only . it contains its own wap . no , you do not need a cable at all . it connects to the network via wifi . you will need a wireless router , but no physical connection between router and printer or pc and printer required . the only physical connection required is the router to the computer that acts as the gateway . my laptop is on my wireless network as well as my desktop-gateway . once i installed the software on my laptop , it prints from there just as well . one problem i had was the unit kept dropping the wifi connection . i played ... » read more edit : this applies to the a909g wireless version only . it contains its own wap . no , you do not need a cable at all . it connects to the network via wifi . you will need a wireless router , but no physical connection between router and printer or pc and printer required . the only physical connection required is the router to the computer that acts as the gateway . my laptop is on my wireless network as well as my desktop-gateway . once i installed the software on my laptop , it prints from there just as well . one problem i had was the unit kept dropping the wifi connection . i played around and found that if i disable the powersave mode on the printer , the connection stays up indefinitely « show less
the cards are loaded from the inside . it 's a very nice card holder .
according to the rolodex website , the pockets are 2 1 4 by 4 , the exact size of a credit card . i am going to buy it and will update when it arrives . i made this purchase and credit cards do fit . they are tight and you will not be able to get 96 but you will be able to get 48 in there . this is very nice .
no i have not but i am going to contact rolodex directly via email or usps
i believe you can get them right through amazon or the maker themselves .
i do n't know since i 've not used it for that purpose , but it is light and i believe if you spray onto the snakeskin then attach to the shoe you will make out better . it claims no bleed through or discoloration and i 've not experienced any . just do n't hold the can real close to whatever you are spraying ( same concept as when spray painting ) so you get a better , lighter coverage . remember it is quick to adhere so have everything together . good luck .
used the adhesive for posters and they are still attached 3 years later
yes i think it well work just fine .
i am 90 % sure that this will work .
yes it should wor fine .
yes it is .
it worked great for several days a then became clogged and started spraying uneven clumps of glue .
79 1 2 inches . it fits through all the doorways and it even fits onto our elevator .
yes . it is a 2 sided dry erase board .
the black knobs at the top of the stand loosen so that the board can be flipped or tilted and then tightened in any position . just a note : this board is big . the board alone is 4 x 6. with the stand , it barely clears a doorway .
the actual writing surface is 4x6 ft. , less about one inch in each direction . the 24 inches is for the wheeled base . the marker tray is magnetic , but the white board is not .
yes
neither side is magnetic .
the pic does n't show it well . yes , the tray feels sturdy and is quite large enough .
yes it has a tray - on one side only .
no this model is not magnetic on either side .
approx 71 '' wide x 47-1 2 '' tall
no , it can not ( at least i have n't figured out how to do it ) . but i do want to say , i remain impressed with it 's sturdiness after several months .
rob , i dont know . i ordered this chair about 6 months ago , and it 's bulletproof . the only issue i 've have are the little covers on the arm rests over the screw holes get knocked off when i bump my desk . put they push back in , and if my office was n't so crowded , it would not be an issue . this is a big comfortable chair with good support and i highly recommend it .
it is rated at 450 pounds . however , it is not really a leather chair . the thin vinyl coating started peeling just after the two year warrantee on the seating surface expired . the chair started leaning to one side not long after . i suggest looking for another chair . this one was not worth the money i paid for it .
it 's good for 450 pounds and will go up 23 1 2 '' to the seat at maximum height . i am 6 ' 4 '' and have it as low as it goes . it 's a heavy and well built chair .
call united stationary company at 1-800-722-4000. ask for furniture support . if the chair is still under warranty . you should have no issue replacing the parts . they will need the `` date of delivery '' number on the bottom of the chair and the serial number . i hope this helps you . i had to replace the mechanism before . no issues at al . great company to work with . happy holidays
peggy , i have n't tried to adjust the height as it was fine right out of the box . it does appear to be adjustable but not sure of the range . as others noted , it is not soft but i love how stable it feels ( i 'm a big guy ) and it is one of the best business chairs i 've ever owned .
i 've had the chair for a few years now and it 's kept up quite well . i 'm not sure what you 're referring to when you say 'tilting ' , but the chair is n't bent sideways or anything . it 's quite sturdy .
yes you can . you can also lock it in place as well .
the alera ravino big and tall chair comes with a limted 5-year warranty . in a nut shell , repair or replace component or part that is found to be defective in material or workmanship within five years from the date of original purchase . they con be contacted for product support at 800-733-4000. hope this is helpful .
call technical support . they have been absolutely wonderful with me on every occasion ! and , the only other thing i would suggest is with the new cartridge of black in place , disconnect your printer from the electrical outlet and shut down your computer . then , restart your computer and restart your printer to see if that makes a difference . otherwise , call km . they are wonderful ! and , these printers are wonderful although a bit `` sensitive . ''
no . it says it is , but it does n't print on both sides of the paper automatically .
when it is idle , it does n't make any noise , it goes into a sleep default mode . it can sit for days without any noise , until i send it a job , then it rumbles awake and makes a lot of noise . when i rotate the carousel , it also makes an inordinate amount of noise as it cycles through each color .
no . 11 '' x 17 '' paper can not be used . the toner and printer feed designs only allow for eight and a half inch wide maximum .
my best suggestion would be to contact konica minolta directly . their tech support staff has been outstanding with me on several occasions with two printers over the past year ! i can not begin to understand why your printer is not printing on one side -- thus , tech support would be an ideal option . good luck !
nope . not wireless . i hooked it up to my router also worked well usp to my mac time machine . can be done via usp or lan . the 1650en works with mac and pc . the 1600 may not be compatible with mac . i think you can buy a separate wireless adapter for it , but not needed if you have a router . software is included in windows and with the printer .
yes , it comes with `` starter '' cartridges . they do not have the capacity to print as many pages as `` full '' cartridges that you buy to refill it . this has been a great printer and i would buy one again . the only negative is the cost of the cartridges is a little high , but the quality of the printing is excellent when you use the konica cartridges . i hope this helps !
8.5 inch wide
yes - konica minolta provides compatible printer drivers for the magicolor 1690mf for every version of os x up through 10.8 mountain lion ( http : www.konicaminolta.eu en business-solutions support download-center.html ) , and in upcoming weeks support for os x mavericks 10.9 will be added ( http : www.konicaminolta.eu en business-solutions support new-os-compatibility mac-os-x-mavericks.html )
yes it does , they are limited capacity cartridges , so you have a little time to go out and get full sized cartridges . i bought them when i got the printer and have not had to use them in the couple of months i have had the unit . i do not print a lot of material though - your usage may vary .
warrantee ? what is your question ? i am having problems with mine and need to claim the warrantee
through your computer . for a pc : go to control panel > hardware and sound > view devices and printers . select the konica minolta magicolor icon . the rest is easy . much of the control of the printer is through your computer . for example , printing a doc in black and white is done on your computer . scanning ? -- through the computer .
i am not quite sure if it is rated for that through the bypass tray . i know the paper tray will not fit 11x17 in it , only 8.5 x11 and sizes close to that . you may have to go to the manufacturer and pose that question . i myself had never tried to run that size through it . hope this helps.josh
i just pluged it in and the computer did the rest . printing copying and scanning is all i 've done
not wireless on it 's own . if you connect it to your wireless network with a network cable , you will be able to print wirelessly thru your wireless network as a network printer .
o , even the aftermarket tones were rather iffy for this machine so doing it yourself is definitely a buyer beware situation . i went through two of these machines , good unit but once you start having to replace the drum or imager you might as well toss the unit and buy something new and modern .
very easy ! once on it will build up dust from erasing .
i used it on a whiteboard . it has been there for about a year , and i just peeled off a piece and there was no residue . hope this helps : )
it 's easy . just mark where you want the ends of the tape on both sides . stick the end of the tape firmly on one end , then unroll and stretch it across before pressing it down . it might help to have someone hold the other end down if you have a long way to go across .
no , i do not believe so . i think it is just for the lines of the actual chart .
yes
i have not personally used it for outdoor purposes , but i do n't think it is durable enough . i am pretty sure it would peel off .
no . it 's like a very thin electrical tape . use it on a whiteboard to create lines borders , for example . not strong enough to hold anything to a wall .
i have not had any issues ... but quality dry erase markers are used ... have not tried to lower quality dry erase markers ...
its black color .
no . it is a basic phone . no frills .
a standard wall phone wall mount plate mount , such as this one ( it was the first result in a search i did for one ) : leviton c0256-ss telephone wall phone wallplate surface mount jack
short answer : yes.clarification : voice mail services from the phone company usually require that the phone be a touch tone phone , not rotary . this is a touch-tone phone , but otherwise , it is just a simple phone . no bells and whistles . no digital functions . no caller id . just wired handset , numeric touch-tone tone keypad ( 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 , *,0 , # ) , and ( very loud ) ringer . it 's basically the same phone that the phone company would have issued before the breakup in 1984. those phones still number in the tens of millions and are fully compatible with all phone company 's traditional analogue touch-tone based phone services . short answer : yes.clarification : voice mail services from the phone company usually require that the phone be a touch tone phone , not rotary . this is a touch-tone phone , but otherwise , it is just a simple phone . no bells and whistles . no digital functions . no caller id . just wired handset , numeric touch-tone tone keypad ( 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 , *,0 , # ) , and ( very loud ) ringer . it 's basically the same phone that the phone company would have issued before the breakup in 1984. those phones still number in the tens of millions and are fully compatible with all phone company 's traditional ... » read more short answer : yes.clarification : voice mail services from the phone company usually require that the phone be a touch tone phone , not rotary . this is a touch-tone phone , but otherwise , it is just a simple phone . no bells and whistles . no digital functions . no caller id . just wired handset , numeric touch-tone tone keypad ( 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 , *,0 , # ) , and ( very loud ) ringer . it 's basically the same phone that the phone company would have issued before the breakup in 1984. those phones still number in the tens of millions and are fully compatible with all phone company 's traditional analogue touch-tone based phone services . « show less
i would n't think so .
no cable , plugged directly into the connector . however , i will not purchase any more of these . ringer is too low as far as volume , and the # 1 on the pushbutton died after only three months . so . no more for me . jb
you can not `` turn the ringer off '' by a switch . however , if you take the case off ( easy to do ) you can just clip one of the wires that you can see going to the ringer and that is that . it will take just a few minutes to do this . if you want to turn it off and then on it is not the phone for you .
about 3-4 feet , coiled , have not pulled it out to its maximum length . my phone is right by where i can sit and talk .
it is possible to connect the phone in that manner , but if your experience is comparable to mine , the phone wo n't work well regardless of how it 's connected .
yes it came with it . this was not one of your questions , but there is now way to change the volume when it rings . it is very , very loud . we would get startled every time it rang . i finally undid the phone and cut out the ringer . if you have additional phones it other rooms , i hear them and still know to answer this phone . hope this was helpful .
yes , you can unplug the phone cord . i ordered it with a long cord .
sorry dont know , you need to call the company
i no longer buy remanufactured ink cartridges ; too many bad experiences .
i would not deal with that version , but find another supplier after my experience with them . low yield , quality ect .
if they are like the ones i purchased . they were defective and would not work . i just lost my investment .
i did try this , after many years of buying the expensive ones . it did n't work . looked identical to the others , but the canon printer rejected it andwould n't print . buyer beware ... ..
the printer printed one time with the remanufactured ink cartridge and then that was it.it would not print a thing after that one time !
there is no answer , all it says is that answer lies with the software . the disk says my printer and he disks have a problem . does not say how to fix the problem .
try this page for information : http : www.brother-usa.com mfc bw_monochrome_laser_multifunction duplex is available only with the 8000 series .
7440 has ethernet ability . 7440 prints legal size . that 's about all i see .
yes . easy breezie . press the fax button , and follow the instructrions . of course , you must have a telephone line connected first .
do what i did and buy a better printer . i 'll never buy a brother product again .
it 's the most reliable printer scanner fax machine i 've had in a decade . i purchased it several years ago , then shelved it for a year when i bought a color laser printer . the laser printer died a month after the warranty expired and the brother printer went back to work as if it had n't been sitting on a shelf .
not sure to be honest , but i know that my printer would not recognize the color , but recognized the black .
probably not
i had the same issue . i took the ink out , shook it and unplugged the printer and replugged it . good to go . hope it works for you .
mine keeps saying low ink too but keeps printing and i have printed alot of pages . but yeah mines lights on my printer keep lighting up but works so i ignore it
i do not know if it is or not . however this is my second go round with remanufactured cartridges and they never have worked . first one was done locally here and second through amazon . i would not trust them ever again . i have mp210 .
i would not recommend the reman toner . i would buy the genuine canon toner and stick with the ones you have been using.you can go to your local staples or any store and look up the toner type . usually the list of compatible machines are on the side of the toner box . reman toner only damages your printer , it 'll leak and freeze up your gears . amazon was really reasonable for prices . hope this is helpful
i have no idea if you can use it for your printer . but i will not recommened you to buy as i was unable to use the products at all .
you can rig it to scan any film using your own cardboard templates , but as it comes it only has a template for 35mm .
canoscan lide 700f is supported with os x v10.8 mountain lion , os x v10.7 lion , os x 10.6 snow leopard , os x 10.5 leopard , os x 10.4 and os x 10.3.9. older versions are listed as incompatible . unfortunately , none of the products in the canoscan line support mac os x 5.8 .
i have not used it myself . most of the comments on the scanner indicate that it does work with win 7 64 bit . on the other hand , some of the comments suggest that it will not work . however , microsoft 's compatibility site indicates that it does indeed work with win 7 64 bit : http : www.microsoft.com windows compatibility windows-7 en-us browse.aspx ? type=hardware &category; =printers % 20 % 26 % 20scanners &subcategory; =scannersyou may have to cut and paste the link . scroll down to the scanner in queston .
according to markings , the largest standard document it will copy a4 . the maximum width x length is 8.50 '' x 11.69 '' .
yes , but not always easily . i found that it does n't work after the mac wakes from sleep and for a long time i had to unplug and replug the usb connector to reboot the interface . eventually i discovered that if i would start adobe photoshop elements and initiate a scan from within elements , the usb interface would be reset correctly . after that i could use the scanner directly with image capture .
it can - yes . if the pictures have clear boundaries between them , it will scan them into separate files . it is a setting in the scan tool .
after downloading the product manual , it says `` 35mm slides are not supported . '' yeesh ! what a shame . i guess the cheapest canon that can support it is the 5600f . the epson v300 has good reviews , though , too .
yes , you can group several pages as `` save as all pages as a document '' .
sorry i ca n't answer that question as i never used it to scan slides . everything else scans beautifully , though .
yes , if you set it up properly . it will take any size paper . i even print envelopes with mine ... greeting cards too . for my sister 's birthday i put one of her watercolors on the front of the card . it will let you know if it 's not set up right too . have fun ! it 's a great printer ! ( deb )
go to canon website , then to canon-pro9000-inkjet-printer , then to supplies and accessories . it will list all the papers you can print on . only use canon paper as it is designed to soak up the ink jets produced by this printer . the short answer is probably no , but check it out . you can also contact canon support to answer your question . good luck !
i think you could print 4x6s but i would lay them out 2 or 3 up , probably . if you want to print mainly 4x6 , maybe a different printer would be better .
sometimes you need to rub the brass contact points with an eraser .
i read a couple of user reviews on this because i thought of getting one . every one claims they were nothing but trouble and with the cost of ink ( non oem ) i could n't see the expense and potential problems . so far the ink i 'm getting from amazon has been excellent , very vibrant and cheap enough .
i 've bought frames from this company ( quadroframes ) by mail and they have been pretty good for the price . i buy them in a box of 6.http : quadroframes.us index.php ? zenid=8b4b89506645aecf4b5540393a2c8935 &main; _page=advanced_search_result &search; _in_description=1 &keyword; =13x19
since it works well in the freezer , it should work well in the fridge . i 'm not sure about being heated in water . however , when i have forgotten to remove the tape before running through the dishwasher , the tape stayed put . the only thing i would point out is that when you apply the tape , the container must be clean , dry and at room temperature . also , i have only used this on plastic containers . i 'm not sure how it works on glass .
yep : )
i usually tear it where i need to . it can be cut , but there are no pre-sized cuts .
yes ... .i was looking at the freezer tapes and scrolled down and saw this ... . '' weston 11-0201 freezer tape dispenser '' $ 12.95 and about $ 4 s h. ( not amazon prime ) ... but the good news is that the freezer tape itself is amazon prime ... ..this dispenser recommends `` scotch freezer tape '' 3 4 x 1000 as an `` add-on '' for $ 2.48 ... at least that 's the deal as of jan 19 2014 .
exactly the purpose of this tape . it sticks and wo n't peel . off in the freezer but when you want to remove it , it comes off easily and leaves a minimum amount of residue . best solution i 've found for marking stuff in the freezer .
i used a sharpie permanent marker ( and let it dry for a minute or so ) .
1.5 '' sorry . : (
this is a very poor printer and i also am glad it is not in my house anymore
this printer uses hp 564 or 564 xl ink and it does print both sides .
about the same as a snack table , maybe 13 ' x 20 ' , it hols a 21 ' laptop when my wife is working !
it is pretty small . a 17 '' takes up the entire tray . also not great quality .
no it does n't have any storage at all .
no lip so to speak at the base of the board . base meaning closest to your waist if in the seated , reclined position . there is a pen indentation at the base , w a cup holder & a flexible led light . i bought this as a gift for my wife . she loves this for when shes working in bed ( laptop , ipad ) , reading her books & magazines , & writing ! no slides when seated or lying down ! i just asked her , if she would recommend this , she said `` absolutely '' . enjoy !
according to consumer report 's review , it does not have a headset jack .
not 100 % sure but i do n't think so . the two phones have a sort of mount that sits on a flat surface . one with an answering machine . i would think if it was mounted to the wall , the phone receiver would fall out .
it is acceptable but not great . i wear bifocals and can see it adequately .
i think i bought three from amazon . but sadly they stop [ ed selling them . the extentions are if i am correct are here model l : cs6209 which you can add to the dect 6.0. you will have to go on web to find new or used ones . or what i did last time i needed new extra phones . i bought the a new base with the extra phone . which is alot cheaper then buying just the extention from vtech .
i have no problem using this phone with magicjack .
i would like all manufacturers to provide specifications for their power supplies . it is n't much to ask , that they should include this information with their other specifications . of course , i also prefer that power supplies should be dual voltage 110 220 as they are on some panasonic units . meanwhile , i have to go to the store and visually inspect included `` wall wart '' transformers to get the required info .
no
it can blow your ears out if you turn it up enough . it also has a speaker phone mode that can be pretty loud .
you can call any of the handsets from other rooms and talk to each other on the intercom setting . i love these phones they work great and serve my purpose very well . they are clear and i have no problems with them . i bought them for a voip phone setup in my house i needed 3 wireless phones and these are the best ones i found for the price and they work great !
check the owner 's manual for the specific battery size , and then check amazon : )
i do n't know , but would suggest asking vtech 's support at http : www.vtechphones.com support contact-us product-support
yes . same here .
the screens are back lite with a light green screen with black printing , just like the product pictured . i find them easy to read . my wife and i are very pleased with the phones , great range and battery life . we also use the paging system to talk to each other from different floors of our home .
no . they are only for a single line .
we use only 4 handsets so no experience with more .
there is no headset jack on the phones .
no
seems vtech cs6209 dect 6.0 - accessory handset for use with models cs6219 &cs6229; should work , however i have never tried one . good luck .
the phones that i have been using . i leave in the charging cradle all the time , all over the house . i have 6 matching handsets . the handsets have been left out of the cradle over night , or all day , and still have full battery power . i did have one start to go out of service recently . it is the main handset and is used a lot . i do n't recall how long it had been out of the charging cradle . must have been more than a whole day . have not had an issue with that handset since then . overall , battery life , i have found with my personal use , has been several hours . you always have the option of switching to a different charged handset . the phones that i have been using . i leave in the charging cradle all the time , all over the house . i have 6 matching handsets . the handsets have been left out of the cradle over night , or all day , and still have full battery power . i did have one start to go out of service recently . it is the main handset and is used a lot . i do n't recall how long it had been out of the charging cradle . must have been more than a whole day . have not had an issue with that handset since then . overall , battery life , i have found with my personal use , has been several hours . you always have the option of ... » read more the phones that i have been using . i leave in the charging cradle all the time , all over the house . i have 6 matching handsets . the handsets have been left out of the cradle over night , or all day , and still have full battery power . i did have one start to go out of service recently . it is the main handset and is used a lot . i do n't recall how long it had been out of the charging cradle . must have been more than a whole day . have not had an issue with that handset since then . overall , battery life , i have found with my personal use , has been several hours . you always have the option of switching to a different charged handset . « show less
yes , each handset has its own set of rechargeable batteries .
dr. d. - your el51209 is not expandable . handsets can not be added . look at the current edition : el51203 , which has 2 handsets . you can add up to three more ; accessory handset model el50003 . thanks !
six and one half inches tall , two inches wide and one and one quarter inches deep
yes
i do n't think it sticks out more than 5-6 inches.. unless that path 's frequented by a lot of people , you should be ok mounting it !
yes
that depends on the plan you subscribe to with your service provider . we have that plan and this phone shows caller id and works with call waiting .
each handset has speaker phone capability but there is no speaker or keypad on the base
actually not sure . i returned this phone b c it was dead on arrival and purchased a panasonic set instead .
it comes with a piece to mount it on the wall . i do n't have mine mounted .
i do n't have the instructions anymore but it does n't have any obvious jack for headsets
here is a link to the instruction book : http : www.google.com url ? sa=t &rct; =j &q; = &e; src=s &source; =web &cd; =2 &ved; =0cfiqfjab &url; =http % 3a % 2f % 2fcdn-media-att.vtp-media.com % 2fecp % 2fdocuments % 2fproduct_product % 2f127 % 2fusermanual % 2f5981 % 2fcl82209_manual_usa_i6.pdf &ei; =o7uguv3dmqn92qx1zigycg &usg; =afqjcnecwn65j-gosfspcjrkcn01d_8b7a &sig2; =qchdr0rixkpoig4boxcheq &bvm; =bv.56643336 , d.b2iit opens as a .pdf . on pg . 20 ( .pdf pg . 25 ) , there are instructions for silencing the ringer when a call is coming in . it only stops the ringer on the handset you are holding for that one incoming call , but does not disconnect the call . it keeps ringing on the other handsets and the larger base . the next call that comes in after that will still ring on that handset . the larger telephone base also rings whether there is a phone on it or not . the smaller bases do not ring . the phone handsets all ring , and i see no way to turn of the ringer permanently - only for that one call coming in . the base ringer can be louder , softer , or silenced altogether ( pg . 40 instructions , pg 45 of the .pdf ) . i think being able to silence the handsets would be nice , especially if you want to keep the phone in the room but do n't want it to ring . if , for example , you want to sleep in a bedroom and there is a small base in that room , you can keep the small base , but you would have to put the actual phone in a place in the house where the ringer would not awaken you . i hope this helps . here is a link to the instruction book : http : www.google.com url ? sa=t &rct; =j &q; = &e; src=s &source; =web &cd; =2 &ved; =0cfiqfjab &url; =http % 3a % 2f % 2fcdn-media-att.vtp-media.com % 2fecp % 2fdocuments % 2fproduct_product % 2f127 % 2fusermanual % 2f5981 % 2fcl82209_manual_usa_i6.pdf &ei; =o7uguv3dmqn92qx1zigycg &usg; =afqjcnecwn65j-gosfspcjrkcn01d_8b7a &sig2; =qchdr0rixkpoig4boxcheq &bvm; =bv.56643336 , d.b2iit opens as a .pdf . on pg . 20 ( .pdf pg . 25 ) , there are instructions for silencing the ringer when a call is coming in . it only stops the ringer on the handset you are holding for that ... » read more here is a link to the instruction book : http : www.google.com url ? sa=t &rct; =j &q; = &e; src=s &source; =web &cd; =2 &ved; =0cfiqfjab &url; =http % 3a % 2f % 2fcdn-media-att.vtp-media.com % 2fecp % 2fdocuments % 2fproduct_product % 2f127 % 2fusermanual % 2f5981 % 2fcl82209_manual_usa_i6.pdf &ei; =o7uguv3dmqn92qx1zigycg &usg; =afqjcnecwn65j-gosfspcjrkcn01d_8b7a &sig2; =qchdr0rixkpoig4boxcheq &bvm; =bv.56643336 , d.b2iit opens as a .pdf . on pg . 20 ( .pdf pg . 25 ) , there are instructions for silencing the ringer when a call is coming in . it only stops the ringer on the handset you are holding for that one incoming call , but does not disconnect the call . it keeps ringing on the other handsets and the larger base . the next call that comes in after that will still ring on that handset . the larger telephone base also rings whether there is a phone on it or not . the smaller bases do not ring . the phone handsets all ring , and i see no way to turn of the ringer permanently - only for that one call coming in . the base ringer can be louder , softer , or silenced altogether ( pg . 40 instructions , pg 45 of the .pdf ) . i think being able to silence the handsets would be nice , especially if you want to keep the phone in the room but do n't want it to ring . if , for example , you want to sleep in a bedroom and there is a small base in that room , you can keep the small base , but you would have to put the actual phone in a place in the house where the ringer would not awaken you . i hope this helps . « show less
robert - you'l need to contact your service provider regarding call blocking features they may offer .
the small one for sure , not sure about the main base but i think that yes .
i would suggest placing the 4th receiver close to the base station and see if it gets a tone in that location . if it does , the problem is in the placement of the receiver . if it does n't you might check the battery charge . if the indicator is on fully charged , you may have a defective receiver and should contact the company .
no , no jacks on phone or base unit for that .
it is the left top button cid or right top button dir .
yes , it does have a digital answerer you can turn off or on . i 'm not sure what you mean by the second question , but i 've never had to reenter my stored numbers in spite of power outages . hope this helps !
i have mine sitting on my desk , but i think it came with a bracket for mounting on a wall . the way its made it would not sit flat against a wall . hope this helps you !
yes . i added an additional set of 3 to my existing set . you will receive the same answering messages on your new set . all will work together .
yes
yes you can .
the product info page only states it works with the 8000 series . i would say no .
this is a message i 've not seen and have had these phones for a while . are you , by any chance , having power difficulties ?
i believe every handset comes with the base shown .
if you already have a compatable base they will find each other
yes .
ca n't say for certain , but my guess would be no ... since the listing on amazon gives the impression of being very complete ... and does not include the model that you 're asking about .
yes , this does include the required battery plus the stand is the charger .
yes it does require a battery for caller id .
the caller id appears on the display b4 u pick-up . phone is like older style phones , once u pick up receiver your connected . no button to push .
the image is misleading . the display does not light up have a backlight . the contrast can be adjusted - that 's it .
yes it does
the ad for the tr1909b model , which is the same but black plastic , does n't say dect 6.0. also , the specs for the phone do n't list the dect feature . i think this is an error in the description .
yes , i have replaced the curly cord with my old one because my old one was really long .
yes , any standard phone cord will work . we replaced the super-short curly cord that was included with a much longer one from an old , dead phone .
the keypad does not light up .
yes . the ringer has settings for high , low and off .
yes . volume control for handset or speaker is on the face of the unit , volume control for the ringer is on the side .
try new batteries . as the phone gets older it does happen . i have 2 of these phones and both have broken letters i still love the phones .
no
the dsl filter allows you to use the phone on the same line as a computer . the person on the end of the line should be able to hear you with or without the filter as long as the call went through . check to see if the mute button has been inadvertently pressed . it lights up red at the lower left side of your phone . when it 's on , the person you 're talking to ca n't hear you . if that 's not it , you can call customer servive at ( 800 ) 222-3111 or go to www.telephones.att.com . hope this helped .
the speaker phone part has a volume control which works very well to be heard and to hear . you should be near the phone to be heard . thanks
at least a couple of years .
yes . there is a switch on the right hand side of the phone that has 3 positions , off , low and hi ring tones .
batteries for lcd -- but i would not recommend this phone lcd is bad and it stops to function after only few months
yes it shows the words `` verified '' on the display and you hear the words `` thank you '' .
yes the software comes with it .
yes it does .
no - you do not . software is included in this package .
i purchased the acroprint hid proximity badges for accurate time reporting . acroprint states their technology is compatible with the standard hid proximity badges with a four digit requirement .
yes i only have mine plugged in and accidentally left it on over night .
yes . i have mine plugged into the wall outlet all the time . just use the on and off button when i need it
about 8 '' x8 '' i think . packages stay put but when you remove them the scale goes back to `` 0 `` but if you are weighing something big you can always put a basket or something on the scale , `` 0 '' it out and weigh the item . thats what i did when weighing my backpack and it worked great
no
if it is set on the `` kg '' setting it gives a 3 decimal ( 0.000 ) range , but for the `` gram '' setting it gives the whole gram weight only , no decimal partial gram weights .
i received a power cord with mine so i did n't know there was a battery option . but i have gotten an error message as well if i put something on it before it is zeroed out .
i have n't the faintest idea if it can or can't.i suggest you contact the manufacturer or the postal service you wish to employ.another source might be pitney bowes . they are a source for mailing machines , scales and advised how to process mail to many manufacturers .
yes it comes with an ac adapter . i 've never used batteries in mine yet at all . i use mine too much to use batteries .
this is a very smart scale . the weight continually adjusts as you add more weight to it . in addition , you can place a bowl or plate on it , start it at zero and then weigh the food ( or other item ) that you want . i use this feature a lot !
not in my opinion , it it too heavy when lying in bed .
i would think so , though i have n't used it for anything like an unabridged dictionary or tall atlas . i 'm only using it for my law books right now .
i think the smaller size stand would be better
it 's about the size of a larger laptop , so yes .
i ca n't give you an answer in terms of degrees . i use it in restaurants and there , it holds books and newspapers from horizontal to a nice incline that is perfect for reading . in terms of being able to read while i eat , it is the best book stand i have ever owned . for twenty years , i used a company in florida ( levenger ) that manufactured a wooden book stand , but they have replaced it with a plastic one .
a tablet for sure , possibly a small laptop . i have a macbook air 13 inch , and it holds it fine .
yes , absolutely , they are the exact same size , shape , etc.i am using it in my pelikan
there is no shellac in pr inks . some art inks may have shellac.if your pens have transparent barrels or visualated sections in vintage pens - do your research before selecting pens with strong dyes .
i do n't believe so . pilot pens use a proprietary cartridge .
no
yes it does a pretty good thanks ..
nearly all asian pens use international cartridges , which are what these are . that 's all i can do for you .
just place the lead under the eraser on top after removing the eraser . once it is placed , click on the side button and the lead will come down . works great !
the mechanism that holds the eraser pulls out of the barrel , so you can put in the lead .
that has happened with some of the ones i 've used . no big problem . just hold it with your fingers around the piece that 's moving and the eraser will stay put . it sounds awkward , but it 's really not . when you flip the pencil to erase , just slide your fingers down to the rim and hold it as you erase . the eraser wo n't be able to move . it 's one of the few flaws .
it 's random you do n't get to pick . the last set i bought came with a lime green and a plain green one .
yes it is . i took many tests with them . : )
i am not entirely certain how long these cartridges last because , you are correct , it is dependent upon how much you write . this is also the first time i have used lamy cartridges . based on the fact that there are five to a box , if you use it every day , it could possibly last anywhere from 40 to 60 days per cartridge . i know that other cartridges for other pens i have used that is just about the amount of time they lasted .
i do n't know . i use them in my lamy joy .
what do you mean refitables ? the refills are single use . the converters allow you to refill the ink reservoir , each time it empties . you can use different inks , but you must rinse the converter and the pen nib completely with plain water before using a different color or ink from a different manufacturer .
yes . they are compatible with all lamy fountain pens .
yes
yes
it should . i have a 3250 printer . they ink is the same size for the whole 3200 series .
these did not work in mine , in fact they destroyed my printer .
yes . just depress the tare button . it will then read zero . when you remove the empty bowl it shall read a negative weight . replace the bowl to get back to zero and when you add the silver grains you shall read a net weight which is the weight of the silver alone . bear in mind that silver is very dense like lead and gold almost , so you do not want to go over the gross capacity of the scale which would be the negative tare value combined with the positive net value for a total of 100.00 g on this model.now another thing to consider is wind and building movement . on a 1 100th g scale just be still for 3 seconds . on a 1 10,1000th g scale you must have an wind proof enclosure . be sure to turn off the boom box before you weigh.this is the best , most accurate , rugged scale of it 's type which i have ever owned . right now i 'm using it to trade $ 1000 usc quart printer ink every day . are you using troy ounces or aravopoulos ounces for your silver ? fickle $ 150 jeweler 's scales have built in calculators , carat converters , etc . yes . just depress the tare button . it will then read zero . when you remove the empty bowl it shall read a negative weight . replace the bowl to get back to zero and when you add the silver grains you shall read a net weight which is the weight of the silver alone . bear in mind that silver is very dense like lead and gold almost , so you do not want to go over the gross capacity of the scale which would be the negative tare value combined with the positive net value for a total of 100.00 g on this model.now another thing to consider is wind and building movement . on a 1 100th g scale ... » read more yes . just depress the tare button . it will then read zero . when you remove the empty bowl it shall read a negative weight . replace the bowl to get back to zero and when you add the silver grains you shall read a net weight which is the weight of the silver alone . bear in mind that silver is very dense like lead and gold almost , so you do not want to go over the gross capacity of the scale which would be the negative tare value combined with the positive net value for a total of 100.00 g on this model.now another thing to consider is wind and building movement . on a 1 100th g scale just be still for 3 seconds . on a 1 10,1000th g scale you must have an wind proof enclosure . be sure to turn off the boom box before you weigh.this is the best , most accurate , rugged scale of it 's type which i have ever owned . right now i 'm using it to trade $ 1000 usc quart printer ink every day . are you using troy ounces or aravopoulos ounces for your silver ? fickle $ 150 jeweler 's scales have built in calculators , carat converters , etc . « show less
roughtly , by eye , about 2.5 inches square . however the clamshell lid can be removed and placed on the platform and then it is about 2.5 x 4 inches or really anything can be balanced on the platform if you needed to weight many small objects
it will read 0.48 grams
i guess the answer should be yes . i have not used it for gn , but it is stated that it will , i was using for gm . the following is listed `` capacity unit & readability ( accuracy to ) '' . 200 g capacity & 0.01 g 7.055 oz capacity & 0.001oz 6.4300 zt capacity & 0.0010 zt 128.60 dwt capacity & 0.01 1000 ct capacity & 0.05 ct 3086.0 gn capacity & 0.2 gnmaybe i should have just listed the grains , but thought i would include all stated weights . auto shut off after 60 seconds of inactivity ( i wish it would be 2 minutes ) works great for my needs !
no this scale is too small for packages . also regardless of the scale you decide to buy make sure you buy the tools for calibration such as the weight units
i have calibrated my set within 4 100 of a gm.that is using 100 gm calibrating weight.not bad..
mine came with a 3 year ,
absolutely , the siliconized fins squeeze the articles without deforming them and hold by friction across the entire hanging surface
no
yes- it would be no problem
yes . you can cut it easily with a hacksaw or some other fine-toothed saw , like a pull saw . the hangers can be moved to new positions once you cut the rails .
i had your same exact concern . the back is flat , front is rounded , inside has a straight line of rubber so you just lay your poster along that line and slam the top down . i bought 6 of them to hold posters at a craft show . they look great and are easily reusable . highly recommend them .
i am guessing it would work fine for a flag if the flag material is fairly thin ( it might not work on very stiff or heavy cloth ? ) and if there are no grommets in the way . it has to clamp down on the object . my guess is it would work .
yes , no problem .
i do n't think so . most scrolls stick out a little on either end .
both . vinyl should n't be a problem . the hanger is very strong .
yeppers . easily .
it clips and in unclips pretty easily , but it 's a 2 person job mainly because the size makes it awkward , especially if the map is rolled .
definitely . the whole strip opens up about half an inch , then clamps down like a gator clip so you should easily be able to fit two maps . it 's not like the poster rails where you have to slide the poster in . you actually open the whole length like a hinge , then clamp it down .
i did something similar , and i liked the effect . i like how it makes it into a continual frame-like experience at a distance . close up , you can see the gap between the 48 '' and the 6 '' piece . i 've thought about a black piece of electrical tape to eliminate the gap . hanging it was no problem - i put one hanger on the small piece and the other on the long piece , and i alternated ( put the small piece on the other corner at the bottom then it is on the top ) to increase structural integrity . all in all , it works .
i hung a simple laminated map with this , but really liked the grip it has . i think the rail opened about 45 degrees , but even if it closed down over the foam core , i do n't think there would be enough space in the divet at the tip for the grommet that slides in to hang the item . also , the nail or hook would have to be long to accommodate the extra space from the wall that would happen from wall to grommet with something thicker clamped into the plastic frame . hope that helps .
no damage to my paper posters ( maps ) . it clamps on them , so maybe it could crease very delicate paper , but no problem to my fairly thin maps . i do n't see it having trouble with the weight of any large poster ( though not sure i understand the question ) .
as long as the 48 '' is the top yes
i do n't see why not it 's a good sized desk unit for the money .
it 's particle board , but it has lasted through one move and will hopefully survive another . the only thing wrong with it after 2.5 years is one peeled side of one board . ( the edge trim has peeled off . ) . it 's very sturdy , aside from that .
dimensions can be found on the manufacturer 's website : http : www.bestar.ca produits en categories u-desks 52418-63
the keyboard tray can only be placed on the bridge or credenza .
i am not sure what you mean by lateral file and bookshelf , but in the picture that shows the u-shaped desk with computer monitor , everything that you see there is included .
yes , its preaty big . i have 24 sitting on it and it still has pleanty of space .
i would think no as the veneer typically will not hold paint well . but if you know more about paint that i , maybe .
it is glossy black
i 'm pretty sure that there would be holes without the monitor shelf . we do n't have the keyboard tray on , it just sits on top of the desk .
it would be a lot easier just to paint any unfinished back area with black paint . i do n't think you can turn the pieces around . there is n't a lot of solid panels in the back any way , so why not just paint what ever you want to look finished ?
it is attached with screws .
the corner base piece that is under the desk and acts as a support is hollow . it is actually two panels put together . from the front it might appear that it 's a 4 sided post , but it 's really just 2 sided so you can easily hide something behind it if that 's what you are asking .
no
press middle button and then press handset icon
it 's a normal hand held to to your land line like any other cordless phone .
about a month after posting my comment ... and indeed , having to say , `` sorry , got ta hang up , i 'll call you back '' i accidentally discovered it -- the `` flash '' key , lower left on the keyboard . duh -- i felt so silly ! hope this helps .
sound quality is standard home phone wireless . not great , not bad .
i am quite sure that you can purchase the extra hand sets on the same page where the primary phone is advertised . at least that is how it was when i purchased my phone last year .
one .
terre , i have the calculator at work but i would have to say yes off the top of my head . the only way it would do that is if it has a physical slide for setting the number of decimal points . i do n't believe this has that . i can double check tomorrow when i 'm at work . and post another response if it does .
the calculator is 3 and 1 8 in . wide by 4 3 4 in . long . with the cover closed , it is 1 2 in . deep .
the actual device with cover closed is 4.75 '' x 3 ''
the specifications listed on the back of the calculator are : solar cell battery d.c. 3v - use battery cr2016 x 1
i have had two scanners , both mac the s510m and the newer s1500m . i called tech and described a line that had appeared on my scans . the tech said just clean wire and roller with cotton swab and isopropyl alcohol -- i did and it worked great !
i 've also been searching for reviews and comparison on those two products . and , based on my findings i 'm going to get the visioneer strobe 500 over the scansnap s1500.pros and cons to think about : - the visioneer strobe 500 is a newer scanner model than the fujitsu scansnap s1500 ; by about 1 year- the scansnap s1500 can handle 50 pages at a time while the strobe 500 can only take 20 pages- the scansnap s1500 has no twain driver which means you ca n't scan into an application of your choice . you 're stuck using the scansnap software provided on the cd.- the scansnap 1500 is slightly faster at scanning , with built-in double feed detector , than the strobe 500. the strobe 500 is slightly slower , but this is mainly due to the fact that it is a portable scanner versus the scansnap s1500 as a desktop model.- the strobe 500 is a 2-in-1 in which it is both portable and has a docking station . however , undocking and docking may be complicated at times and you can only use adf when the scanner is docked . this is n't a problem for me since i plan to use it on my desktop rather than on the road.- fujitsu provides their own software for document management versus visioneer who provides paperport 11 , a top-notch document management software . since i 'm planning on converting all my paper documents to digital format , this is a deal breaker for me.- the strobe 500 uses kofax vrs , a leading ocr software , which can convert even those hard-to-read documents . this means better quality , legible scans and less having to make text corrections than the scansnap s1300.review links i 've used : scansnap s1500http : www.pcmag.com article2 0,2817,2351701,00.asphttp : reviews.cnet.com scanners fujitsu-scansnap-s1500 4505-3136_7-33578925.html ? tag=content ; get-selector # reviewpage1http : itreviews.co.uk hardware h1974.htmstrobe 500http : www.pcmag.com article2 0,2817,2361294,00.asphttp : www.pcworld.com article 211377 visioneer_strobe_500_topperforming_scanner_offers_easy_operation.htmlhttp : www.laptopmag.com review accessories visioneer-strobe-500.aspx i 've also been searching for reviews and comparison on those two products . and , based on my findings i 'm going to get the visioneer strobe 500 over the scansnap s1500.pros and cons to think about : - the visioneer strobe 500 is a newer scanner model than the fujitsu scansnap s1500 ; by about 1 year- the scansnap s1500 can handle 50 pages at a time while the strobe 500 can only take 20 pages- the scansnap s1500 has no twain driver which means you ca n't scan into an application of your choice . you 're stuck using the scansnap software provided on the cd.- the ... » read more i 've also been searching for reviews and comparison on those two products . and , based on my findings i 'm going to get the visioneer strobe 500 over the scansnap s1500.pros and cons to think about : - the visioneer strobe 500 is a newer scanner model than the fujitsu scansnap s1500 ; by about 1 year- the scansnap s1500 can handle 50 pages at a time while the strobe 500 can only take 20 pages- the scansnap s1500 has no twain driver which means you ca n't scan into an application of your choice . you 're stuck using the scansnap software provided on the cd.- the scansnap 1500 is slightly faster at scanning , with built-in double feed detector , than the strobe 500. the strobe 500 is slightly slower , but this is mainly due to the fact that it is a portable scanner versus the scansnap s1500 as a desktop model.- the strobe 500 is a 2-in-1 in which it is both portable and has a docking station . however , undocking and docking may be complicated at times and you can only use adf when the scanner is docked . this is n't a problem for me since i plan to use it on my desktop rather than on the road.- fujitsu provides their own software for document management versus visioneer who provides paperport 11 , a top-notch document management software . since i 'm planning on converting all my paper documents to digital format , this is a deal breaker for me.- the strobe 500 uses kofax vrs , a leading ocr software , which can convert even those hard-to-read documents . this means better quality , legible scans and less having to make text corrections than the scansnap s1300.review links i 've used : scansnap s1500http : www.pcmag.com article2 0,2817,2351701,00.asphttp : reviews.cnet.com scanners fujitsu-scansnap-s1500 4505-3136_7-33578925.html ? tag=content ; get-selector # reviewpage1http : itreviews.co.uk hardware h1974.htmstrobe 500http : www.pcmag.com article2 0,2817,2361294,00.asphttp : www.pcworld.com article 211377 visioneer_strobe_500_topperforming_scanner_offers_easy_operation.htmlhttp : www.laptopmag.com review accessories visioneer-strobe-500.aspx « show less
i have both , and the scansnap gets my vote . the neat receipts idea is great , but the software did n't deliver . it was good at character recognition , but after scanning only 100 documents receipts or so , it started loading extremely slowly , and got slower and slower each time i scanned a new receipt . it was basically useless , unless you want to wait 10-15 minutes for it to load , and the same amount of time to scan one receipt . i do n't know about you , but my paper backlog amounts to a lot more than 100 receipts . i went out and purchased the scansnap . there 's no character recognition , but if you just want to digitize your documents and receipts , the scansnap is your product . compared to the neat receipts scanner ( when first purchased ) it is as fast ( or faster ) with single or double sided scanning . it automatically detects blank pages , and it has never once jammed . it creates a pdf wherever you want it saved , and i can easily email the document ( which i often do , instead of faxing ) . scansnap is still as fast as the day i opened the box . it gets my vote hands down . maybe someday they 'll add character recognition to the included software . i have both , and the scansnap gets my vote . the neat receipts idea is great , but the software did n't deliver . it was good at character recognition , but after scanning only 100 documents receipts or so , it started loading extremely slowly , and got slower and slower each time i scanned a new receipt . it was basically useless , unless you want to wait 10-15 minutes for it to load , and the same amount of time to scan one receipt . i do n't know about you , but my paper backlog amounts to a lot more than 100 receipts . i went out and purchased the scansnap . there 's no character recognition , but if ... » read more i have both , and the scansnap gets my vote . the neat receipts idea is great , but the software did n't deliver . it was good at character recognition , but after scanning only 100 documents receipts or so , it started loading extremely slowly , and got slower and slower each time i scanned a new receipt . it was basically useless , unless you want to wait 10-15 minutes for it to load , and the same amount of time to scan one receipt . i do n't know about you , but my paper backlog amounts to a lot more than 100 receipts . i went out and purchased the scansnap . there 's no character recognition , but if you just want to digitize your documents and receipts , the scansnap is your product . compared to the neat receipts scanner ( when first purchased ) it is as fast ( or faster ) with single or double sided scanning . it automatically detects blank pages , and it has never once jammed . it creates a pdf wherever you want it saved , and i can easily email the document ( which i often do , instead of faxing ) . scansnap is still as fast as the day i opened the box . it gets my vote hands down . maybe someday they 'll add character recognition to the included software . « show less
i 've had my scansnap for a couple weeks now . i decided to go ahead and order w the rack2filer software since it was a pretty cheap add-on . i use it and i do like it . the advantage over nested folders is that you can browse through your documents much easier . for example , i scanned all of my bank statements into one `` binder '' . to browse through them all if i had stored them in folders would require me opening each one seperately ( assuming that i would n't have them all in one file ) in acrobat -- much more tedious than simply turning pages in a binder . once the binders are set up , it 's a pretty intuitive way to organize your docs . i 've had my scansnap for a couple weeks now . i decided to go ahead and order w the rack2filer software since it was a pretty cheap add-on . i use it and i do like it . the advantage over nested folders is that you can browse through your documents much easier . for example , i scanned all of my bank statements into one `` binder '' . to browse through them all if i had stored them in folders would require me opening each one seperately ( assuming that i would n't have them all in one file ) in acrobat -- much more tedious than simply turning pages in a binder . once the binders are set up , ... » read more i 've had my scansnap for a couple weeks now . i decided to go ahead and order w the rack2filer software since it was a pretty cheap add-on . i use it and i do like it . the advantage over nested folders is that you can browse through your documents much easier . for example , i scanned all of my bank statements into one `` binder '' . to browse through them all if i had stored them in folders would require me opening each one seperately ( assuming that i would n't have them all in one file ) in acrobat -- much more tedious than simply turning pages in a binder . once the binders are set up , it 's a pretty intuitive way to organize your docs . « show less
from fujitsu 's website : `` the scansnap s1500 deluxe bundle includes rack2-filer v5.0 , an ultra-intuitive scanning and file management application for home or small office . through the use of graphical cabinets and e-binders , users will experience a familiar yet heightened level of accessibility and convenience to their digital content . '' there are a few pictures on the site , and i 'm sure you can track down more info .
yes they do . it scans photo stock and business cards ok , but plastic cards that are inflexible would n't do very well , i think .
no . that 's nothing whatsoever to do with twain . ( the included non-twain software has loads of options for whatever way you want it to scan for you . ) twain just means certain open twain software works with the hardware you are buying . forget it here , you do n't need such compatibility with this machine as it has it 's own *very good* software ( along with a separate copy of adobe acrobat software , which just allows extra pdf manipulation after you have scanned-in the paper docs - which you probably wo n't need anyway if just scanning docs for basic archiving emailing receipts etc . ) . it 's worth noting that the machine has been out for years now , and all the included software receives regular free updates for at least each new os release , hence open twain software is not needed as the included software will work on every new os released for the foreseeable future ( win and mac versions are supplied ! [ except acrobat version ] ) . and as the included software works efficiently to quickly make scans in pdf ( or jpg - which are also possible on this machine ) , manipulation afterwards can be done using *any* software you own . anyway , definitely get this s1500 ( or perhaps s1500m if mac user . apart from machine colour , the only difference being the version of acrobat supplied with the machine being for mac ) . it 's been out a few years now , but is still the best reasonably affordable machine on the market - i know as i 've tried quite a few ! no . that 's nothing whatsoever to do with twain . ( the included non-twain software has loads of options for whatever way you want it to scan for you . ) twain just means certain open twain software works with the hardware you are buying . forget it here , you do n't need such compatibility with this machine as it has it 's own *very good* software ( along with a separate copy of adobe acrobat software , which just allows extra pdf manipulation after you have scanned-in the paper docs - which you probably wo n't need anyway if just scanning docs for basic ... » read more no . that 's nothing whatsoever to do with twain . ( the included non-twain software has loads of options for whatever way you want it to scan for you . ) twain just means certain open twain software works with the hardware you are buying . forget it here , you do n't need such compatibility with this machine as it has it 's own *very good* software ( along with a separate copy of adobe acrobat software , which just allows extra pdf manipulation after you have scanned-in the paper docs - which you probably wo n't need anyway if just scanning docs for basic archiving emailing receipts etc . ) . it 's worth noting that the machine has been out for years now , and all the included software receives regular free updates for at least each new os release , hence open twain software is not needed as the included software will work on every new os released for the foreseeable future ( win and mac versions are supplied ! [ except acrobat version ] ) . and as the included software works efficiently to quickly make scans in pdf ( or jpg - which are also possible on this machine ) , manipulation afterwards can be done using *any* software you own . anyway , definitely get this s1500 ( or perhaps s1500m if mac user . apart from machine colour , the only difference being the version of acrobat supplied with the machine being for mac ) . it 's been out a few years now , but is still the best reasonably affordable machine on the market - i know as i 've tried quite a few ! « show less
the fujitsu web site says it 's compatible with win 7 on the first product page . however , they 've not not updated the rest of the documentation ( i.e . the online manual ) to reflect any compatibility past vista . this is just laziness i suspect . i 'm sure it 's fully win 7 compatible or you 'd be hearing howls of protest here .
only when the paper is sticky , stapled , glued , or folded . if the paper is clean and not stuck in anyway , no problems with jams . i have worn out two of these with over 100,000 pages scanned prior to wear out . also , do n't over fill the paper feed slot . too many pages at a time and it will jam .
no , i move freely on mine . there are no cracks . i feel it is performing as it should . hope this helps .
the lip is 25 inches wide and 12 inches tall .
it is 45 wide but only 41 if you do n't include the lip . i must say that i really like this product . it has stood up better than any other the same kind that i had purchased before .
we have ours on a vinyl floor and it does not slide at all .
yes , it would be mostly on the wood wood . on very thick and low rug it slips a little because there are no teeth that could grab the rug like the other ones that have little teeth that are made for only carpet .
i have never had a problem with damage or stains . please keep in mind regular floor cleaning is the key to keeping the looks up on a hardwood floor . once a week i always remove the matt , mop wood floors with clean hot water and will leave the matt at a different area of the floor over night soas the usual covered area had a chance to air out .
i just laid it on the floor and put my chair on top of it . it had flattened out within a day or two of use .
yes these are brand new genuine oem brother cartridges .
seems to print almost a case of paper double sided so somewhere in the 7-8000 range is about right . much more than the 620 .
it might be an authentic brother oem cartridge but as usual amazon does n't win any clarity awards with product statements like : `` this high quality brother tn-650 compatible black toner cartridge '' that statement opens the door wide to an knock-off aftermarket cartridge . how about replacing `` compatible '' with `` authentic oem '' ? this is the kind of `` clarity '' that makes me want to buy it at the same price from our local sams even though i 'll have to pay 5 bucks sales tax .
due to the fact that in pr is a 4 day holyday , i will be back on monday to my office where i have the instructions.can you wait until then ?
drums last through 2 - 4 cartridges , i believe . there 's a counter in the printer and when the drum is nearing end of life , a warning comes on the screen . new drums come with instructions how to reset the counter when you replace it . changing the toner tips ? follow directions in manual . shake well before opening . do n't touch the rollers . have a piece of paper handy to place the drum and cartridge in a convenient location as you swap them out . clean any toner spilled inside the printer or drum unit by the prior toner cartridge , using a vacuum cleaner . if your toner cartridge comes with a return postage label , use it to recycle the old unit . otherwise , find a local recycler willing to accept them . drums last through 2 - 4 cartridges , i believe . there 's a counter in the printer and when the drum is nearing end of life , a warning comes on the screen . new drums come with instructions how to reset the counter when you replace it . changing the toner tips ? follow directions in manual . shake well before opening . do n't touch the rollers . have a piece of paper handy to place the drum and cartridge in a convenient location as you swap them out . clean any toner spilled inside the printer or drum unit by the prior toner cartridge , using a vacuum cleaner . if your toner cartridge comes with a ... » read more drums last through 2 - 4 cartridges , i believe . there 's a counter in the printer and when the drum is nearing end of life , a warning comes on the screen . new drums come with instructions how to reset the counter when you replace it . changing the toner tips ? follow directions in manual . shake well before opening . do n't touch the rollers . have a piece of paper handy to place the drum and cartridge in a convenient location as you swap them out . clean any toner spilled inside the printer or drum unit by the prior toner cartridge , using a vacuum cleaner . if your toner cartridge comes with a return postage label , use it to recycle the old unit . otherwise , find a local recycler willing to accept them . « show less
i can not tell from the photo . i can not even tell if the case is a tn-650 because it is too small a photo . the only way to be sure it is a real brother product is to buy one from a reputable merchant or from brother directly . refillers will sell the cases refilled with something that might or not work in the printer . bo=rother swears that many of the refillers use material that is way too abraxive and that it will damage , permanently , the printer in which it is used . i do not know who is right and who is wrong . the refilled units can be as cheap as 20 % ( 80 % lower ) than the genuine article , so it is tempting . i can not tell from the photo . i can not even tell if the case is a tn-650 because it is too small a photo . the only way to be sure it is a real brother product is to buy one from a reputable merchant or from brother directly . refillers will sell the cases refilled with something that might or not work in the printer . bo=rother swears that many of the refillers use material that is way too abraxive and that it will damage , permanently , the printer in which it is used . i do not know who is right and who is wrong . the refilled units can be as cheap as 20 % ( 80 % lower ) than the genuine article , ... » read more i can not tell from the photo . i can not even tell if the case is a tn-650 because it is too small a photo . the only way to be sure it is a real brother product is to buy one from a reputable merchant or from brother directly . refillers will sell the cases refilled with something that might or not work in the printer . bo=rother swears that many of the refillers use material that is way too abraxive and that it will damage , permanently , the printer in which it is used . i do not know who is right and who is wrong . the refilled units can be as cheap as 20 % ( 80 % lower ) than the genuine article , so it is tempting . « show less
yes
i believe it was a brothers cartridge as it was labeled as such and that was what i wanted to purchase .
no rail . the bottom is flat .
yes it will
it comes with alpha cards only ( 20 ) . they are made of heavier card stock with a shine to help make them sturdy .
yes
not sure on total , but it must over 100. i file business along with credit cards and gift cards that i 'm not using at the moment..
the translator gives different meanings for some words depending on the country . some it identifies as mexican , others as south american , others as chile for example . i am very impressed with the device .
not that i 'm aware of
i wear reading glasses and prefer well-lit areas when reading ; the display was easy for me to read . enjoy !
this dictionary works both ways , from spanish to english and english to spanish . all its features are available in both languages , definitions , games , conjugations , idiomatic expressions , synonyms , etc . i like it very much . este diccionario funciona en las dos lenguas , de inglés al español y del español al inglés . todas sus caracteristicas están disponibles en las dos lenguas , significados , juegos , conjugaciones , expresiones idiomáticas , sinónimos , etc . te lo puedo recomendar . good luck , buena suerte .
5 3 4 '' x 3 1 2 '' x 5 8 ''
i just looked it over , and i do n't think there is .
it needs 2 aaas that last a really long time .
5 1 4 inches in length . 3 1 2 in width . the screen in 3 1 2 x 1 1 2 .
i do n't have that answer ... ..but one thing that i do hate is ... ..when i place a misspelled word in to find the correction ... they will give me a list of approximately 6-8 choices . the top one , and the most likely one is laid-out with a dark gray lettering in a black back-ground , which of coarse `` i '' ca n't read until i click on it to see if that is indeed the word i was looking for ... ..and usually the top word is the one i needed . the other 2-8 choices are plain black lettering on a white bacb ground and , thank goodness very easy to read ... ..to be easy to assume that hopefully , the top one is what i was looking for . other then that , buying it at what i thought might be about half price ... ... when it does come time to buy the two replacement button batteries , they were about $ 15 . at walmart . at i think about $ 25 ... .i could n't do without mine as i do use it every day . jw i do n't have that answer ... ..but one thing that i do hate is ... ..when i place a misspelled word in to find the correction ... they will give me a list of approximately 6-8 choices . the top one , and the most likely one is laid-out with a dark gray lettering in a black back-ground , which of coarse `` i '' ca n't read until i click on it to see if that is indeed the word i was looking for ... ..and usually the top word is the one i needed . the other 2-8 choices are plain black lettering on a white bacb ground and , thank goodness very easy to read ... ..to be easy to assume that hopefully , the ... » read more i do n't have that answer ... ..but one thing that i do hate is ... ..when i place a misspelled word in to find the correction ... they will give me a list of approximately 6-8 choices . the top one , and the most likely one is laid-out with a dark gray lettering in a black back-ground , which of coarse `` i '' ca n't read until i click on it to see if that is indeed the word i was looking for ... ..and usually the top word is the one i needed . the other 2-8 choices are plain black lettering on a white bacb ground and , thank goodness very easy to read ... ..to be easy to assume that hopefully , the top one is what i was looking for . other then that , buying it at what i thought might be about half price ... ... when it does come time to buy the two replacement button batteries , they were about $ 15 . at walmart . at i think about $ 25 ... .i could n't do without mine as i do use it every day . jw « show less
i did not know but , i checked . it responds instantly and thoroughly . good to know , thanks for the question .
it came with two 3v # cr2032 panasonic batteries .
we are pretty sure that that dimension is 8 1 4 , and the 9.4 could be the dimension of the packaging ! where we have it placed we do n't have a lot of room , so the smaller is right .
bottom of shelf is 2 '' off floor .
yes it is .
i 'm not sure it is made for that as it has no side supports . i use it between my washer and dryer for supplies .
i do n't know but suggest a call to whirlpool . we have not had that problem . construction is a lightweight plastic so my initial thought is the amount of weight that might be on it . we only use the top shelf and it only has detergent , fabric softner and dryer sheets on it .
not sure on exact weight but it definitely holds big containers of detergent bleach with no problems . still loving mine .
there are n't any . i think i simply followed the directions .
excellent ! that 's what i use it for . i just sharpened an entire set , over 140 pencils and no breakage .
no need to worry about replacing blades . i 've used mine almost daily for two years .
i do not know if blades are available . this `` sharpener '' is a lousy design and i would never buy it again . it has some nice features , but the blade approach to an electric sharpener is using the old grade school hand sharpener approach .
i had no trouble using it with inktense pencils , although i did n't use it heavily with them . however , my sharpener only lasted a short while before one of the little plastic gears on the inside cracked , rendering the entire sharpener useless . i 'd say , go ahead , but be very gentle - do n't ram them into the pencil sharpener . and `` clean '' it periodically by sharpening graphite pencils .
i have heard there are replacement blades available , but have yet to find any .
you can use an ethernet cable at the setup , too . make sure to check the settings for your network , so you can enter the ones you 'll need in setting up the printer . use the quick way of setting up , if you can . at minimum , you 'll need your network 's name ( it should show up at the stage when you are meant to enter it ) , your password and a few other things , but by and large ( on a mac , at least ) , configuring the printer for wireless is pretty straightforward . and if there is a problem , return the printer to factory settings , check your network 's settings and try again .
i have n't had any problems with good quality aftermarket cartridges . if you need to , just put a piece of black electrical tape neatly over the sensor on the right side of the toner bay .
very . there are two different drivers you can use , one is built in to the os ( cups driver , if that means anything to you , if not , it 's not important ) ; the other , downloadable from brother directly . the driver from brother may work better in terms of duplexing from some programs , but either is sufficient for all tasks . brother also has supported macs for as long as i can remember , and were quick to get updated drivers at every os upgrade as well . for macs , i believe brother probably has the best support of all the major printer manufacturers . edit : just saw the price ( 689 as of 2 17 14 ) , there are other available models that will also be compatible , and $ 400 cheaper . very . there are two different drivers you can use , one is built in to the os ( cups driver , if that means anything to you , if not , it 's not important ) ; the other , downloadable from brother directly . the driver from brother may work better in terms of duplexing from some programs , but either is sufficient for all tasks . brother also has supported macs for as long as i can remember , and were quick to get updated drivers at every os upgrade as well . for macs , i believe brother probably has the best support of all the major printer manufacturers . edit : just saw the price ( 689 as of 2 17 14 ) , ... » read more very . there are two different drivers you can use , one is built in to the os ( cups driver , if that means anything to you , if not , it 's not important ) ; the other , downloadable from brother directly . the driver from brother may work better in terms of duplexing from some programs , but either is sufficient for all tasks . brother also has supported macs for as long as i can remember , and were quick to get updated drivers at every os upgrade as well . for macs , i believe brother probably has the best support of all the major printer manufacturers . edit : just saw the price ( 689 as of 2 17 14 ) , there are other available models that will also be compatible , and $ 400 cheaper . « show less
it 's been awhile since we purchased this but i do n't recall any cables being included .
after you push the silver paper lifter down to load paper , the printer does n't activate the lifter until you actually go to print something . then the lifter raises the paper and the blue indicator is toggled down .
m. trutt , yes , after i posted this thread , i found a review here on amazon comparing the 2 printers . please see http : www.amazon.com review rdczc668batva for a helpful comparison.i bought the hl-5370dw here on amazon and then bought linkyo-branded high-yield toner on supermediastore.com . this non-oem brand will give me about 8 pages per 1 cent ! even if you compare brother-brand toners for these two printers , you 'll still save in the long run with the hl-5370dw.here are the current amazon.com prices : $ 46.98 for brother tn-450 toner cartridge for 2270dw , with a yield of 2,600 pages . this is 1.806923 cents per page or 55.342699 pages per dollar. $ 79.49 for brother tn-650 toner cartridge for 5370dw , with a yield of 8,000 pages . this is 0.993625 cent per page or 100.64159 pages per dollar ! m. trutt , yes , after i posted this thread , i found a review here on amazon comparing the 2 printers . please see http : www.amazon.com review rdczc668batva for a helpful comparison.i bought the hl-5370dw here on amazon and then bought linkyo-branded high-yield toner on supermediastore.com . this non-oem brand will give me about 8 pages per 1 cent ! even if you compare brother-brand toners for these two printers , you 'll still save in the long run with the hl-5370dw.here are the current amazon.com ... » read more m. trutt , yes , after i posted this thread , i found a review here on amazon comparing the 2 printers . please see http : www.amazon.com review rdczc668batva for a helpful comparison.i bought the hl-5370dw here on amazon and then bought linkyo-branded high-yield toner on supermediastore.com . this non-oem brand will give me about 8 pages per 1 cent ! even if you compare brother-brand toners for these two printers , you 'll still save in the long run with the hl-5370dw.here are the current amazon.com prices : $ 46.98 for brother tn-450 toner cartridge for 2270dw , with a yield of 2,600 pages . this is 1.806923 cents per page or 55.342699 pages per dollar. $ 79.49 for brother tn-650 toner cartridge for 5370dw , with a yield of 8,000 pages . this is 0.993625 cent per page or 100.64159 pages per dollar ! « show less
see the comments under the first ( currently ) 1-star review . this is quoted from the last comment : '' i can confirm the prior comments . i have an hl-5370dw , and my toner light had been coming on for 4-5 days when printing before it finally refused to print . i looked around and discovered that brother has built in various you-must-buy-new-toner mechanisms into its printers . to defeat them:1. open the door , and remove the toner from its carriage . apply electrical tape a sticker something dark and sticky to the clear plastic windows on both sides of the toner cartridge . replace toner in carriage . 2. run the toner reset sequence ( taken from ananda q ) 2.1. with printer off open the toner door2.2 . hold the go button as you turn the printer on.2.3 . all lights will turn on . keep holding go until status light goes off.2.4 . press the go button 2x.2.5 . the paper , drum & toner light will come on2.6 . press go 6x2.7 . status light will turn red2.8 . close the front . '' see the comments under the first ( currently ) 1-star review . this is quoted from the last comment : '' i can confirm the prior comments . i have an hl-5370dw , and my toner light had been coming on for 4-5 days when printing before it finally refused to print . i looked around and discovered that brother has built in various you-must-buy-new-toner mechanisms into its printers . to defeat them:1. open the door , and remove the toner from its carriage . apply electrical tape a sticker something dark and sticky to the clear plastic windows on both sides of the toner cartridge ... . » read more see the comments under the first ( currently ) 1-star review . this is quoted from the last comment : '' i can confirm the prior comments . i have an hl-5370dw , and my toner light had been coming on for 4-5 days when printing before it finally refused to print . i looked around and discovered that brother has built in various you-must-buy-new-toner mechanisms into its printers . to defeat them:1. open the door , and remove the toner from its carriage . apply electrical tape a sticker something dark and sticky to the clear plastic windows on both sides of the toner cartridge . replace toner in carriage . 2. run the toner reset sequence ( taken from ananda q ) 2.1. with printer off open the toner door2.2 . hold the go button as you turn the printer on.2.3 . all lights will turn on . keep holding go until status light goes off.2.4 . press the go button 2x.2.5 . the paper , drum & toner light will come on2.6 . press go 6x2.7 . status light will turn red2.8 . close the front . '' « show less
has both , but why would n't you use usb , will improve performance .
sorry , do n't know .
it would be $ 126 extra
clearly manufacturers pr department are asleep , lol ! i 'll attempt to answer . re . scanning photos : this is a document scanner . put simply , it is designed to scan flat pieces of printed paper into the pdf document image format . if you wish , also doing ocr-ing of the text by either using the `` abbyy finereader for scansnap '' software 'as-you-scan ' , or later ocr-ing after the scanning process by using the included `` acrobat 9 pro '' software which can do a batch of docs very quickly in several chosen languages ; around 42 actually ! all scansnap machines can also scan into jpg format ( pdf & jpg are the only options ) , so it is possible as photos are also flat , though it both gives only average results and can leave minor roller marks on the surface of the original photos from the doc feeder function on any of these scansnap 's ( same on probably any of the consumer prosumer priced dedicated doc scanners actually ) . the jpg function , as far as i understand it , is really intended to be useful for scanning magazine cutouts and similar more glossy items , rather than photos themselves . photos photographic paper is a slightly different proposition for a scanner compared to magazine type paper . now if you are not overly fussy , this may be acceptable to you for a quick method , accepting the caveats above , but you should n't expect the same result you 'd obtain from using a flatbed scanner . so unfortunately one really needs a dedicated photo scanner of some kind , that can scan them both quickly and into high quality too ( usually using png , tiff , or even raw formats , or similar ; as jpg is not as good a format for this type of thing , being more web-image focused ) . if you still are gon na get one of these , you should ideally , cost permitting , get one of the s1500 s1500m machines . as they have the better ccd sensor , whereas the s1300 s1100 's have the lesser cis type . see useful links : http : www.carlmcmillan.com dof depthoffield.htm http : www.discogs.com groups topic 333741 re . worksheets : if they are typed rather than handwritten , then absolutely no problems ; same process as any documents scanned . handwritten things can still be scanned , but may be ignored or not get ocr 'd correctly by either abbyy or acrobat , as handwriting is clearly a very difficult thing to achieve for a machine , given we all have massive variances between us . more precisely , if you are scanning a typed doc with some handwritten note on it , the ocr-ing software will get the typed sections , but probably ignore the handwritten parts which will remain as image only on the doc , so can still be manually human read , just wo n't be machine searchable on computers . acrobat software has the function of adding background search words underneath those written parts , which you can later manually add yourself after first scanning and auto-ocring the doc . so unfortunately we still need dedicated machines ... - documents : auto-feed document scanners ( such as scansnap 's ) . - photos negatives : high res . flatbed scanners ( dunno if prosumer autofeed options even exist , nor how quickly the best non-autofeed ones can work ? ) . - whole books whole magazines vinyl record sleeves larger than a3 : nothing prosumer exists unfortunately , afaik these are top-end very expensive units ! hope this all is detailed enough to help . ; - ) clearly manufacturers pr department are asleep , lol ! i 'll attempt to answer . re . scanning photos : this is a document scanner . put simply , it is designed to scan flat pieces of printed paper into the pdf document image format . if you wish , also doing ocr-ing of the text by either using the `` abbyy finereader for scansnap '' software 'as-you-scan ' , or later ocr-ing after the scanning process by using the included `` acrobat 9 pro '' software which can do a batch of docs very quickly in several chosen languages ; around 42 actually ! all scansnap ... » read more clearly manufacturers pr department are asleep , lol ! i 'll attempt to answer . re . scanning photos : this is a document scanner . put simply , it is designed to scan flat pieces of printed paper into the pdf document image format . if you wish , also doing ocr-ing of the text by either using the `` abbyy finereader for scansnap '' software 'as-you-scan ' , or later ocr-ing after the scanning process by using the included `` acrobat 9 pro '' software which can do a batch of docs very quickly in several chosen languages ; around 42 actually ! all scansnap machines can also scan into jpg format ( pdf & jpg are the only options ) , so it is possible as photos are also flat , though it both gives only average results and can leave minor roller marks on the surface of the original photos from the doc feeder function on any of these scansnap 's ( same on probably any of the consumer prosumer priced dedicated doc scanners actually ) . the jpg function , as far as i understand it , is really intended to be useful for scanning magazine cutouts and similar more glossy items , rather than photos themselves . photos photographic paper is a slightly different proposition for a scanner compared to magazine type paper . now if you are not overly fussy , this may be acceptable to you for a quick method , accepting the caveats above , but you should n't expect the same result you 'd obtain from using a flatbed scanner . so unfortunately one really needs a dedicated photo scanner of some kind , that can scan them both quickly and into high quality too ( usually using png , tiff , or even raw formats , or similar ; as jpg is not as good a format for this type of thing , being more web-image focused ) . if you still are gon na get one of these , you should ideally , cost permitting , get one of the s1500 s1500m machines . as they have the better ccd sensor , whereas the s1300 s1100 's have the lesser cis type . see useful links : http : www.carlmcmillan.com dof depthoffield.htm http : www.discogs.com groups topic 333741 re . worksheets : if they are typed rather than handwritten , then absolutely no problems ; same process as any documents scanned . handwritten things can still be scanned , but may be ignored or not get ocr 'd correctly by either abbyy or acrobat , as handwriting is clearly a very difficult thing to achieve for a machine , given we all have massive variances between us . more precisely , if you are scanning a typed doc with some handwritten note on it , the ocr-ing software will get the typed sections , but probably ignore the handwritten parts which will remain as image only on the doc , so can still be manually human read , just wo n't be machine searchable on computers . acrobat software has the function of adding background search words underneath those written parts , which you can later manually add yourself after first scanning and auto-ocring the doc . so unfortunately we still need dedicated machines ... - documents : auto-feed document scanners ( such as scansnap 's ) . - photos negatives : high res . flatbed scanners ( dunno if prosumer autofeed options even exist , nor how quickly the best non-autofeed ones can work ? ) . - whole books whole magazines vinyl record sleeves larger than a3 : nothing prosumer exists unfortunately , afaik these are top-end very expensive units ! hope this all is detailed enough to help . ; - ) « show less
no , but there are ways to do that . it would require setting up rules using optical character recognition to file them for you . not easy to do . useful if you 're scanning large quantities of documents . i scan all documents to a single `` action '' folder and name them with keywords i 've decided on and the date . when i 'm in the mood , i file them into the appropriate folders .
jim , annoying for sure . however , pages does readily read convert word documents . so simply save your scan as a .doc or .docx and ask pages to open the existing document . once open you can edit as needed and save it as a pages document if you want . hope this is helpful.t
the mac disk that came with the s1500m was readable under parallels and contained drivers for running the s1500 . these drivers work just fine for running the s1500m under windows xp . it seems to work a bit better or more reliably than the mac software : - )
so , as a mac owner who has none of the above , i 'll have to buy snapscan and quicken ? seems like a lot to put out for a way to track receipts for medical expenses . sounds like neatdesk for mac would be better for me . any advice ?
http : www.fujitsu.com us services computing peripherals scanners support sl_download.html
would also like to know the answer to this question .
i would think so . it accommodates paper with the following widths : letter , a4 , b5 , and a5 . it will scan up to 14.16 '' in length . up to 10 custom sizes can be entered from 2 - 8.5 '' wide and from 2 - 14.16 '' long .
i second the recommendation of evernote . i use a macbook pro , an acer netbook and an ipod touch to do my work . i have evernote installed on all three , i scan pdf 's directly in to evernote on my mac using a fujitsu scansnap s510m . i can then watch the sync happen on my netbook and my ipod touch . very useful and cool to boot .
i really do n't know the page count , but have had this machine for several years - it 's great . i 've never had to get it serviced . i also use it a great bit to scan pdf 's to my laptop . i 'd recommend it .
i do n't have a legal tray so i just put the legal paper in the alternate path and click on copy -
yes
toner ( typical available at office supply ) is 3000 pages . ext life is 8000. drum says at 25000. printer will tell you to change toner before you need to . printer will also tell you to `` change drum soon '' and when you do , will still tell you same thing even when going thru resets , etc.i have not been a big fan of my printer , but it has all the features i need that others just are n't offering ( it is all small things , does n't keep me from getting more work done -- just maybe have to do a `` work around '' here or there . ) the competition , well ... they are n't competition -- just look at their reviews for comprable features . toner ( typical available at office supply ) is 3000 pages . ext life is 8000. drum says at 25000. printer will tell you to change toner before you need to . printer will also tell you to `` change drum soon '' and when you do , will still tell you same thing even when going thru resets , etc.i have not been a big fan of my printer , but it has all the features i need that others just are n't offering ( it is all small things , does n't keep me from getting more work done -- just maybe have to do a `` work around '' here or there . ) the competition , well ... they are n't ... » read more toner ( typical available at office supply ) is 3000 pages . ext life is 8000. drum says at 25000. printer will tell you to change toner before you need to . printer will also tell you to `` change drum soon '' and when you do , will still tell you same thing even when going thru resets , etc.i have not been a big fan of my printer , but it has all the features i need that others just are n't offering ( it is all small things , does n't keep me from getting more work done -- just maybe have to do a `` work around '' here or there . ) the competition , well ... they are n't competition -- just look at their reviews for comprable features . « show less
according to the documentation : 150 lbs .
comes fully assembled . take out of box and put under tv . done ! no wood splitting issues since we have n't messed with it since it went under our tv .
depth ( front to back ) is exactly 11 '' .
the height under the stand is 3.5 inches . i put my cable tivo box under the stand amd my 32 in . hdtv on top . hope this helps .
i did , but the problem the label has it does not print where the label is . it prints off , i could not get them to print on the printer . what i did was to print a sheet then copy on to the labels on a copy machine
white
i have used different kinds but i have found i was able to use the cheepest one . they are a little harder to peel but i needed to get the cost down as low as i could .
i found these labels to be just the right amount of adhesions . i do thousands of labels a month by hand and they come off the backing fairly easily and stick just fine . i 've had no issues with them . i 've bought them several times
they are matte and they are pretty terrible . they are incredibly hard to peal off of the paper and frankly not worth it . for the few extra bucks , the good labels are worth it .
yes
the $ 430.89 unit ( asin b0021aerwy ) is for the fujitsu pa-03586-b015 ( which is the fujitsu p n for the rack2-filer bundle ) .the $ 405.98 unit ( asin b001v9lqh0 ) is for the fujitsu pa-03586-b005 ( which is the fujitsu p n for the scanner without rack2-filer ) .
by using the abbyy finereader software included in the bundled version of the scanner , you save a scan to a word doc ( access to finereader is integrated in the menu that appears after a scan ) . there will probably be scanning errors that will have to be edited .
it wo n't scan negatives but some users , including me , have had good luck with photos and others have not . it depends on the quality one wants .
fujitsu scansnap s1500 deluxe bundle sheet-fed scannerscansnap tells me that you can append a scanned document with adobe acrobat ( not just `` reader '' but the regular program which comes with the scansnap . )
it is the lightweight express version .
in windows , from the `` start '' select `` scansnap manager '' and then `` scansnap manager settings '' - in the scansnap window , select tab= `` scanning '' - click `` option '' and make sure the following box is active [ check mark ] `` correct skewed character strings automatically '' - this fixes skewing within the image.for page skewing - where the entire page somehow feeds at an angle , this seems to be corrected automatically - as i have not had the scanner present a page not correctly oriented .
i do n't know , you would have to contact the manufacturer . just wanted you to know i love this product . i scanned over 4,000 pictures to do photo books for xmas for my family . i am in the process of scanning all my bills into the computer and i just love this product . my boss has one at his desk at work , and one at home . scans fast , easy to open if jams , which i not a lot . clear pictures and documents , and no i do not work for this company . why do n't you email fujitsu and i am sure they will tell you .
i 'm still debating for myself . my paper backlog is n't as big ( maybe 5-7 years ) and i have very limited space in my apartment ( honestly not sure where i 'd fit the s1500 ) , so i 'm leaning toward the s1300 . but , if i had as much paper as it sounds like you do and the footprint was n't an issue , i 'd go for the s1500 primarily because of the speed difference , which is huge . getting adobe acrobat ( if you do n't have it already ) is also a big plus . go to you __ tube and search for scansnap s1300 vs s1500 . the speed difference will be really clear .
yes it will scan to email . we currently have 15 address stored in our address book . i am not sure how many addresses it will hold though . you also have options to choose different formats to send the scan via email ; pdf , tif , jpeg and color or black and white .
yes
yes , but i can not in good conscience recommend this printer . i purchased a brother multifunction and have not looked back .
mr. moore i am not sure sir , i carry it in the back of the truck . but i will make an effort to find out sir.angela
yes , the handle sits too low and sometimes it does hit your heels .
yes . ours came with a blue liner just like the pic
hi , tiffany . this carts length is 50.25 '' . the cargo area is 44 '' l x 16 '' w x 9 '' h. thanks for your inquiry .
yes it is does come with both , and it is a very wonderful and useful calculator . well worth the money .
no , this is definitely not a cas ( computer algebra system ) calculator .
they are hard plastic . and none of them have faded despite constant use
no , the model that accepts an sd card is the casio fx-9860gii sd power graphic calculator
you have to buy batteries , it uses four aaa but they last long
straight out of the box , no , but you can use the integer zeros from the graph , or integer solutions from equation solver , to find the factors . also , as al mentioned , there are cas programs you can add to it .
zapatos
just one
hi- the product is basically the same . for people that have the capability and needs to program , having an sd allows to develop a reasonably large program to be run in the calculator . hope this helps .
i can only tell you it fit my pen and works just like it should , very well .
the spring belongs to the pen and is reusable .
i am pretty sure it will , yes . however , i am not a pen expert . sorry for the waffle .
i had the exact same dilemma about 6 months ago . the hauser 707 's were already in about 4-5 different rollerball pens of mine . so i took the gamble on the 777 's , hoping it was just an upgrade , since i could n't find the 707 's anywhere . i 've found that it 's not so much the length of the refill , but the hexagon or square or round shape of the nib.the bad news is i have since thrown out all the old 707 's ( so i ca n't tell you about any nib shape or size differences w 100 % accuracy ) but ... the good news is the 777 's fit perfectly in all my pens . i say go for it .
i am not sure
yes
four feet long .
11-12 '' across at bottom
3 guesses and the first two do n't count ... . china of course .
no , i have not been confronted by this issue to date ! never even had to reverse to back anything out but , that 's what i 'd do if caught in jammed situation .
yes , this model has an auto-on feature . in order for it to work , of course , the shredder must be in the `` unlock '' position . after you have used the shredder , slide it into the `` lock '' position and that automatically turns the machine off . it 's a very nice safety feature .
about 5 years and it was used daily
no
from the picture , one can see it 's an uneven shape . if filled with water , it might hold 5 to 6 gallons . dimensions are 14 inches tall , and at the widest points 9 1 2 inches deep by 13 1 2 inches wide . i 've had it about a year - no issues ,
possibly i havent tried that it does do like 3 to 4 sheets at a time it says it can do 11 but that 's how my last one got ruined
i have a separate answering machine that i use that 's on the same phone number line as the fax machine . i usually have the fax set to telephone mode ( meaning i have to change the mode for me to receive a fax ) . but , i seem to recall setting the number of rings on my separate answering machine to more rings than the number of rings on the fax machine , so the separate answering machine can pick up the messages .
do n't know about amazon ink ... i get my replacement ink at 123 inkjet.com its good for me and seems to last along time
no .
does not work on att uverse phone lines
yes as far as i know you can print a confirmation report . see http : h10032.www1.hp.com ctg manual c01739667.pdf and http : www.fixya.com support t6992198-hp_1040_fax_prints_sending_confirm
if they send you a fax , it prints , but you can not use it as a copy machine
i am not sure the administrator uses it for a fax only sorry i could not help
hp 701
attached .
i think so .
there are small , weak hooks on back . i drilled thru aluminum frame ( easy to do ) . then screwed right into studs with 4 screws . 2 across top and 2 across bottom .
outer-most physical width is about 72 1 8 `` from edge to edge .
yes it is magnetic.magnetically .
yes
i do not use wifi myself , but my understanding is that you can by a usb wifi dongle from grandstream for $ 30.00 or so and that will do it . they have a list of supported dongles as well .
you should be able to .
yes i just testes video an audio call and worked .
you need a sip proxy service . ( this phone also appears to support skype so a skype account is another option . ) there are a zillion such providers out there ; i use callcentric . sign up for the voip sip provider of your choice , buy the outgoing minutes and or incoming phone number ( s ) you need , and put the login credentials into the phone . you *may* have to open ports on your router firewall , but most voip services nowadays are pretty good at making connections through a nat .
no wifi found out to late had to send back
yes , i bought it for an adult .
it is an ergonometric design meant for better and more comfortable grip just for left hand .
nice variety of colors . light blue , green , lavander and pink .
soft : flexible .
i do n't know about the r200 , but i 'd sure steer clear of the artisan 50. i set it up and ran exactly 3 prints , one in color , and sent it back . color was poor and the machine was amazingly noisy for such a small printer . even noisy in b & w . ; and , it took forever to get one print out of it .
i 've printed at least 1,000 cds and dvds using this printer with no problems unless one of the cartridges gets low . then you 'll notice color variations . otherwise , if all cartridges are adequate , printing on printable discs are brilliant .
yes , it works fine with windows 7 ( for me ) .
i am not entirely sure other than what i 've seen at epson.com . instead if cartridges there are fixed cartridges that are fed from bulk ink tanks i use the 77 cartridges
no . this is a printer only .
if there is a switch on the back that will allow you to switch to 240 then yes . otherwise you will need to use a converter to step the voltage down .
i am not sure but i would definitely give it a shot . this has helped my writs and my mouse from going all over the place . it does n't stick to your laptop so you can easily remove it and it could be cut down , if need be . i was not sure how it would work when i purchased it but now i am glad i did . i 'm sure it would be cheaper than purchasing a whole other laptop .
measures 3 1 4 '' x 1 7 8 `` note : this pad slides ( adjusts ) and you should have no problem with the mouse area . wife uses it on her toshiba and really likes it .
i would say so ... it should fit most any laptop i would think . you can cut it but looks like it would fit from the picture i looked at .
it will work for any laptop that has a touch mouse pad on it . although the pad does not secure to the computer on it 's own ( unless you attach it permanently yourself ) , you can move the pad to where you have access to the touch mouse pad . since i use an external mouse , i use the pad just for wrist support when keyboarding . it is a generic pad meant to be used on any laptop .
it will work , however just realize it will slightly limit the amount of mousepad you have to work with . if you are looking for something to make typing on your laptop more comfortable , then this is a great item . you will get used to the smaller mousepad space or you can always move it out of the way , it is very easily maneuverable .
4 1 4 '' , i purchased this pad for my wife 's laptop toshiba . she is very happy with it and we did not need to trim it tho it can be trimmed with ease .
very carefully .
short answer : no , not automatically . however , there are clumsy ways to work around it . i leave the empty ( $ $ $ ) color cartridge in ; ignore the constant bitching ; and try to print everything b &w; , using print preferences for my system , wordprocessor or document . i 've had a long battle with this f4480 printer , after having a wonderful relationship with a similar hp 1200 series printer . the 1200 had cartridges that i refilled dozens of times -- it was easy , and low color simply did n't seem to be a problem.yes , my f4480 constantly complains about the ( $ 60 ) cartridges being out of ink . yet i have found almost no way to simply tell it to print everything black & white . only deep in my ( mac os or word or document ) print set-up options can i set `` draft '' and `` print b &w; '' etc . ( by system , application or by document ) .generally i just ignore the constant complaining about low color ink -- however , printing an occasional document with any color text will not print that text -- often the most critical data ( date and time , etc ) .note : there are several levels of `` clean print heads '' - all of which waste increasing amounts of precious ink . you ca n't win with this printer.so yes it 's a problem , and a damned nuisance . a salesman suggested trying to install the latest hp print drivers ( fooey , i think they 're designed to sell ink ) . look through all of your page setup or printer preference settings ( both system-wide , word-processor , and document , etc ) . search for any `` black '' settings , either permanent or per document ; and worst case : buy a color cartridge now and then , but never use it . > > and tell hp how unhappy you are . short answer : no , not automatically . however , there are clumsy ways to work around it . i leave the empty ( $ $ $ ) color cartridge in ; ignore the constant bitching ; and try to print everything b &w; , using print preferences for my system , wordprocessor or document . i 've had a long battle with this f4480 printer , after having a wonderful relationship with a similar hp 1200 series printer . the 1200 had cartridges that i refilled dozens of times -- it was easy , and low color simply did n't seem to be a problem.yes , my f4480 constantly complains about the ( $ 60 ) cartridges being out ... » read more short answer : no , not automatically . however , there are clumsy ways to work around it . i leave the empty ( $ $ $ ) color cartridge in ; ignore the constant bitching ; and try to print everything b &w; , using print preferences for my system , wordprocessor or document . i 've had a long battle with this f4480 printer , after having a wonderful relationship with a similar hp 1200 series printer . the 1200 had cartridges that i refilled dozens of times -- it was easy , and low color simply did n't seem to be a problem.yes , my f4480 constantly complains about the ( $ 60 ) cartridges being out of ink . yet i have found almost no way to simply tell it to print everything black & white . only deep in my ( mac os or word or document ) print set-up options can i set `` draft '' and `` print b &w; '' etc . ( by system , application or by document ) .generally i just ignore the constant complaining about low color ink -- however , printing an occasional document with any color text will not print that text -- often the most critical data ( date and time , etc ) .note : there are several levels of `` clean print heads '' - all of which waste increasing amounts of precious ink . you ca n't win with this printer.so yes it 's a problem , and a damned nuisance . a salesman suggested trying to install the latest hp print drivers ( fooey , i think they 're designed to sell ink ) . look through all of your page setup or printer preference settings ( both system-wide , word-processor , and document , etc ) . search for any `` black '' settings , either permanent or per document ; and worst case : buy a color cartridge now and then , but never use it . > > and tell hp how unhappy you are . « show less
http : h10025.www1.hp.com ewfrf wc softwarecategory ? lc=en it is you can find the drivers and software here
you need to return that printer . sorry but you got taken -- i did too . that is the worst printer ever made . switch to canon . hp does n't make printers anymore , they make machines to use their overpriced ink .
yes .
yes , but only when you buy their proprietary , expensive label rolls .
no meter necessary . the post office gets the sender info from the bar code .
i am pretty confident that 3rd party labels for non-postage uses are okay.the stamp labels require you to access an online account , while you can print labels without even connecting to an online network.short answer : 95 % yes .
so long as the software is installed , yes .
not for stamps . you have to use the official dymo brand stamp rolls .
it comes with two starter rolls . about 50 labels . so you will want to order some labels if you expect to do a lot of printing right away .
wireless ? nope ...
for postage , they now require you to use dymo-branded spools , which come with activation codes on the back . i 'm livid that they 've pulled this stunt after i 've already made the big purchase . i feel ripped off .
i use dymo 30336 for my upc labels
takes only rolls , no cartridge - inserts under flip-lid dome
zebra and dymo labels work fine ; i use generic labels from u-line ( specifically 2 1⁄4 x 1 1⁄4 ) i see that you had an additional question regarding printing of isbn barcodes- the labels i just mentioned are a perfect size for printing isbn barcodes in a size that makes them easily readable by barcode scanners .
it only holds one roll . if you want to do multiples you 'll need the labelwriter 450 twin turbo . it can do two rolls simultaneously .
yes
yes . per the dymo web site the turbo 450 does print bar codes . hope this helps .
when you choose `` address label '' ; dymo gives you several layouts to choose from , one of them is a barcode above or below the address . i hope this helps
yes you can but do not use the small 3 4 '' x 2 '' address labels . they do not scan . you must use the larger multipurpose labels .
they have held up just like new after a year of constant use ! very good quality , so worth the price ! i originally had the padded armrests covered in vinyl ( ? ) which started cracking and peeling in less than a year ! love the leather ones now ! it is just the pad . the old armrest comes off by removing the 2 screws underneath and then these fit right in place and you secure them with the screws .
it 's just the arm pads- no screws or armsupports
the same length as the vinyl one ( around 11 '' or 28 cm ) -- they are completely interchangeable as to size . but the leather arm rest is just a whole lot softer on your arms ; especially over a long day .
my chair is at least 10 years old . they fit just fine . the bolts are rougly 4 '' apart . 3 3 4 inches center to center .
the arms will still rotate out . i think what was meant is ... they are fixed in that they attach just like the existing arm simply by removing the screws from the existing and reuse the screws to reattach the new ones .
the white and yellow both are one sided ( the copy only works if both are on the correct side ) so yes you can write on both sides and it 'll only pass through if both pages have the correct side up . you print each page ( white and yellow ) individually .
yes , laser is what i use . looks just like regular paper
i would think an ordinary glue stick would be just fine . what i was using them for did n't require that they be glued together .
i dont think that people are reading your question correctly- - - -- this paper is not like regular carbon type papers ... the image drawing marks that you draw onto the top paper will only be trasfered to the ( specially coated ) , bottom sheet . if you lay the top ( white ) printed sheet onto any other surface & trace the image -- it will not transfer !
i have had no problem with a ball point pen . make sure you have the paper oriented correctly .
they ship the paper so the yellow copy wo n't get markings on it.pull a set out and flip both the yellow and white page to the other side and keep the yellow on the bottom . you should continue to store the paper the way it was packed and `` flip over '' the pages when you 're ready to use them .
i used it with mine . you have to make sure you print the yellow paper on the proper side . i usually stack a yellow and white and make a little pen mark in the corner to see that it transfers through before i print , just to make sure i have everything right side up .
yes . it takes planning to make sure you get the terms & conditions on the correct ( back ) side of each set . that 's because the carbonless part must be right in the beginning for the copy to transfer correctly . best advice : experiment with a few copies before you do a big run . it 's not rocket science to set it up correctly , just a little care in the beginning .
yes it is
it looks like each roll has 1500 ' .
yes . : )
you can . it 's industrial size plastic wrap . they might be a little big for that unless you 're doing mass quantities
yes . i used it to wrap furniture , mattress and lots of other stuff including a couple dog crates that were exposed to the elements and it kept it dry and clean . the crates were tied down on top of my car and i drove thro snow and rain from nj to colorado .
hello , it is 1200 .
this stamper works well on clothing and is colorfast . i just with the type were larger to make indentifing easer ,
last june , the choices were as follows . font choices : arial , times new roman , news gothic , zapf chan bd bt , calibri , comic sans ms , monotype corsiva , avantgarde bk bt , century schoolbook or park avenueink color : black , blue , green , red , or purplejustification : left justified or centered
it is probably a 12 to 14 font size . it is very legible
the company sends you an email asking for the information to make the stamp .
i tried mine on a piece of wood and it worked fine
yes , i use it to stamp the back of cks and my envelopes , however i have to be sure the surface is level and push down evenly , otherwise the complete address does n't always print .
yes , the inked pad is contained within the stamp for $ 4.94 !
the seller will contact you once they receive your order to obtain your custom information .
my first line had 27 characters including spaces , yours should work . my second line had 18 and my third line had 17 characters .
yes , it is refillable . same as any ink stamper . you can buy the ink in any office store in a small bottle . one bottle should last a few life times .
yes , you tell them what font you want ; however , i do n't know all the fonts that are available . i chose a simple font .
yes . i have been very pleased with this stamp .
no.it is what it is . not fancy but functional . large font size .
buy the stamp , and in 12 hours on average you will be contacted by email . at that point , you will give them the stamp information . i have purchased 4 or 5 stamps , and all transactions were easy and the stamp was delivered quickly . do n't worry ! ( just be annoyed that the documentation was n't clearer . ) larry
they will email you after you purchase . in the email they ask you what you want on the stamp . it is very fast and they made the stamp exactly as i asked .
they send you an email right after you order . it was easy .
i have the imac so i am not sure if my response will be helpful . first if you go to the apple web site manuals are available for download and second i print from my imac pdf docs , emails , photos , really anything i need by just going to the file menu item and under that menu i use the `` print '' command to print whatever i need . i have had the printer for several years and find it functions very well with the imac . c. stanton
is this compatible with windows 7 without going through the hassle of a new drive ?
no , not this model ...
sorry , but i do not know the answer . have never come across the situation . sorry
i just replaced my black ink..printer is on , lift that large top lid ... plus the part with canon written on it ... both inks move to center ... once lid ( top ) is up you can plainly see both inks -- color 's on left , black ink on right . lift the old one out and once you have the new black one in hand slip it into the black compartment -- turn downward slightly and push gently into slot . close lid , then lift the small lid on the right front of the printer be sure it is turned to on -- -green light shows . press on , okay and black if it is a black refill you have replaced . close top lid & allow printer to do its thing as it prepares that new cartridge for another few months . done . i just replaced my black ink..printer is on , lift that large top lid ... plus the part with canon written on it ... both inks move to center ... once lid ( top ) is up you can plainly see both inks -- color 's on left , black ink on right . lift the old one out and once you have the new black one in hand slip it into the black compartment -- turn downward slightly and push gently into slot . close lid , then lift the small lid on the right front of the printer be sure it is turned to on -- -green light shows . press on , okay and black if it is a black refill you have replaced . close top lid & allow printer to ... » read more i just replaced my black ink..printer is on , lift that large top lid ... plus the part with canon written on it ... both inks move to center ... once lid ( top ) is up you can plainly see both inks -- color 's on left , black ink on right . lift the old one out and once you have the new black one in hand slip it into the black compartment -- turn downward slightly and push gently into slot . close lid , then lift the small lid on the right front of the printer be sure it is turned to on -- -green light shows . press on , okay and black if it is a black refill you have replaced . close top lid & allow printer to do its thing as it prepares that new cartridge for another few months . done . « show less
really is not for cards invitations purposes , is a photographic paper not to be folded , is thick but i 'll not recommended for cards .
i bought several packages of the epson ultra premium photo paper 7x5 , and they measure exactly 7x5 . i have know clue why your paper came that size .
i believe it is much better than the regular premium .
hi : i have an epson r2000 printer for photographs and the ultra premium is my favorite paper . i would buy the 8 1 2 x 11 for an 8 x 10 picture because i would be matting it to go in a frame . if you just want to put a picture in a frame without matting you could use 8 x 10. i personally would n't do that . i tend to do a lot of 16 x 20 frames , so then the paper i use is the ultra 13 x 19. it gives me a great 12 x 16 picture . this is the ultra size i use the most . i think it 's always good to have a little play with the paper so that 's why i recommend the 8 1 2 x 11 for the 8 x 10 picture . hope that helps . hi : i have an epson r2000 printer for photographs and the ultra premium is my favorite paper . i would buy the 8 1 2 x 11 for an 8 x 10 picture because i would be matting it to go in a frame . if you just want to put a picture in a frame without matting you could use 8 x 10. i personally would n't do that . i tend to do a lot of 16 x 20 frames , so then the paper i use is the ultra 13 x 19. it gives me a great 12 x 16 picture . this is the ultra size i use the most . i think it 's always good to have a little play with the paper so that 's why i recommend the 8 1 2 x 11 for the 8 x 10 picture . hope ... » read more hi : i have an epson r2000 printer for photographs and the ultra premium is my favorite paper . i would buy the 8 1 2 x 11 for an 8 x 10 picture because i would be matting it to go in a frame . if you just want to put a picture in a frame without matting you could use 8 x 10. i personally would n't do that . i tend to do a lot of 16 x 20 frames , so then the paper i use is the ultra 13 x 19. it gives me a great 12 x 16 picture . this is the ultra size i use the most . i think it 's always good to have a little play with the paper so that 's why i recommend the 8 1 2 x 11 for the 8 x 10 picture . hope that helps . « show less
i am fairly certain it will produce a great photo print .
you should be able . i would try a different vendor .
epson has very faded watermarks on the back of their photo paper , but i have found that when using epson printers it is best to use their photo paper .
i do n't really understand the question , but i use the paper in question but i use it in my hp printer with no problem .
8 digit calculator ... ..
yes . it 's so bothersome that i really do n't even use it .
zero out the balance by adding or subtracting the balance amount . then enter the correct balance .
in the bottle , i would expect it to last for several years .
i use it for an hp desk jet f4180 ... # 21 and # 22. do n't see why it would n't work well for you . one tip ... always refill way before the cartridge is empty so nothing dries out ...
yes ! i had some cartridges sitting around awhile and used the ink refill , it worked great . just be careful not to scrape the bottom of your spare cartridges while sitting around or they 're doomed . : (
cmyk which is cyan , magenta , yellow , and black .
most ink cartridges can be refilled with a hypodermic needle style tool , however , not all cartridges will work after being refilled because there is a new `` smart chip '' in some cartridges that needs to be re-set . for this reason i stick with hp older model printers with either # 21 , 22 , or 60 series cartridges . those can be refilled as many as 20 times or more . i stay away from kodak , epson , and brother printers due to their smart chips . go on craigslist and find you an older model printer with 21 or # 22 cartridges , then you can start refilling and really saving some money .
there is a switch on the side of the phone base - you can either turn off the ringer or adjust the volume .
visual only , and the display is not backlit , so is not always easy to see .
yes it is but works very well especially with verizon fios which is digital . the phones are great and have alot of features . i have one in every room of the house . hope this helps you .
yes
it comes with cords.i returned it because user can not turn off the voice sound on an incoming call . the company 's customer service & tech support departments did not return my calls on their leave-a-recording line only.this is very poor customer service . you should be able to reach a live person during business hours , and get a callback when you leave a message .
no , just the modular handset cord jack . there are headsets out there that will connect to the modular jack , then the handset cord connects to the headset adaptor .
not to my knowledge . it 's a corded phone , so without a wireless to serve it i do n't know how you could buy an additional handset without buying another phone .
yes , i use a high quality at &t; cordless headset . i searched far for it because i could n't hear well enough on most other headsets . works fine but sort of a pain because it 's really 2 phones but 1 dealer . worth it to me for the quality hearing .
no , it does n't have a headset port .
yes , it has the cable attached that plugs into the wall jack . but it 's not very long ... maybe about 4 feet .
product does not say where it is made . instructions are printed in china . distribution is from ft. worth , tx . my guess would be that the product is made in china since there is no identification as to where it is made .
no
no
i just saw the phone after making the purchse 4 months ago , the phone was a gift for a person with dementia , it 's like the original princess phone . you just plug it into the wall jack , can not be used with a headset .
yes , this is exactly where we are using the phone . the phone is corded and does not require charging .
yes you can mount on the wall .
no
quick answer is no . it 's actually come with a little hook in the back to hang on a wall , but the phone is so light that it keels over and ca n't hold itself . the phone is on my counter and works fine for the money , but do n't expect it to hang on the wall .
it does have a speaker phone button on the front panel .
answer is no . would n't recommend this machine to anyone and the only reason i bought it was because i neededa fax answering machine combo ... .only was i could find . works okay , but not great ... ... ..
i would assume the old one you have is a thermal paper type where the unit just heats the paper to create the letters . the newer ones us a ribbon ( kind of like a spool of carbon paper ) to imprint onto the paper . they also use standard 8.5 '' x 11 '' paper rather than a spool of thermal paper . a much better approach , i think .
the manual says its a digital answering machine and a plain paper fax . if youre asking if its compatible with a digital phone line , i do not know as i only have an analog line .
games included are hangman word train word blaster anagrams jumble letris and letter poker
yes ! but not very user friendly !
hi , i do n't think you have a lemon . did you try to use same type of batteries ? try with other kinds as well ( duracell , energizer ) just to make sure .
it 's depend on which countries made : made in china ? or malaysia ? ( see behind the product )
not sure what you mean by a spell corrector ? it does give you a list of words and you can decide which one you want and if you are close to the spelling . i 'm happy that it does pronounce the word so it gives you the opportunity to make sure it is the correct usage you are looking for . it does what i want it to do .
it takes 2 aaa batteries
it can certainly scan business cards , but it would save them as a jpg image file . to import directly into outlook , you would need some other kind of text recognition softward that reads the images and inputs data into fields .
do n't know . you might want to contact mfg .
if you 're asking can you make scans of negatives on this machine i 'd say i do n't know . i do know , however , this is a machine for small scans like credit cards . for credit cards it does a fair job . it took me a while to learn to use it where the scans came out straight . this is the only thing i use this scanner for . if this is not what you 're asking , please clarify your question .
i do n't think it would work if the back of the photos are sticky .
we do n't use them . we just put the picture through it and they come out fine as do the digital images
if there is power to the unit ( check light ) scanner may not be good . check your card ( try a different one or format it and try again ) , check card to ensure it is not locked ( tab on it ) ... .card reader on your computer may be bad , check card in other devices .
no , there is no inner lip that would hold a piece of plywood in place .
14 '' x12.75 '' x10 '' internally . 15.25 '' x13.75 '' x10.25 '' externally .
it is for the six pack .
yes , i used them to hand fabric around the hanging folders and they still stack nicely . these on not for standard file folders but for hanging file folders that you would put standard folders into . you can use legal or letter size hanging folders for these . i purchase two sets and made a cubby cabinet for them . : )
tr young , when storing toys , towels , or trinkets the crates will serve you well their sides . i would not recommend filling them with books or heavier items and expect them not to warp .
we utilize them to hold a ton of books and they are holding up very well .
the should be fine in the cold but i 've not used them when exposed to sunlight .
i am a third grade teacher and i have these stacked and zip tied together to use as cubbies . they have held up remarkably to daily abuse and being full of books .
you can stack them bottom-to-top , but they do n't interlock side-to-side .
i weigh 175 lbs . and i can turn it over and stand on it without it collapsing . it is pretty sturdy . it certainly seems like it would support the weight of a seated 3rd grader . though i 'm sure the manufacturer would not recommend it . i hope that helps .
i 'm not sure of the exact measurements , but it 's approximately 2 ft wide x 6 ft long .
yep ! i trimmed mine downto fit the exact size of my couch cushions .
hi james . i would stay away from this product . reason being the smallnibs on the bottom that is supposed to keep the mat from moving does n't work . i have carpet where my pc is and as i pull my chair in and out the vinyl moves a little with it . after a few days i have to push the mat back in place .
yes , i believe that it would work for that . my only concern is that it comes rolled up in a tube and it takes a while for the ends to lie flat after being unrolled . i would store it flat for several days ( consider weighting the ends with books or something ) so that it lies flat , and then when you are n't using it either store it flat , very loosely rolled , or possibly folded . the curling up edges will be a tripping hazard until they flatten out .
they are pretty clear . rug would be seen through but would have a slightly cloudy view . i wanted to use to keep my dog off the couch , but they have a very extreme odor . i would n't recommend for a household but could work in commercial use .
there was one ribbon
brother makes a 1030 black ribbon that fits model ax-350 . this information comes from the brother website so it is correct . these ribbons are a little hard to find . at one time you could buy the 1030 ribbon in different colors , correctable , and multistrike . the only ones i 've seen lately are the black correctable type . so , the answer to your question is , `` yes , this ribbon will work for this model . ''
hello the ribbon sits behind the correction film with the correction film closer to the letter wheel .
i do not know the answer to the question . what i do know , is that without this instrument , i would be lost trying to communicate by phone . i have to use hearing aids to communicate with other people , and this gadget makes it possible to talk by phone . the amplification is adjustable , while in use , and i have yet to turn the amplification on full blast .
i do n't think so , but i bought it so long ago for my mom , i can not remember .
i do n't know i buy and send out to state patients everyone that has them are very happy and i believe they do i am getting ready to order two more in a couple days iwill recieve them and you can e mail me back and i can tell you .
morning phil : here 's all the information listed on the adapter : model # ssa5w09 -- us09005of . imput 100-240v 50 60. output 9.0v=500ma . good luck !
for model xl40d , four ( 4 ) aa alkaline backup batteries ( not included ) are required should the power fail . full amplification can be maintained on battery power for 48 hours .
no .
i believe it is hearing air compatible . my hearing aids do not have the `` t-coil '' , so they do not have a `` phone mode . `` what is important is that the volume is adjustable - there is a slider that raises the volume . if that is not enough , you can press the `` boost '' button , and the slider still adjusts the volume . in other words , i may answer the phone with the volume control in the `` middle '' without boost . i can increase the volume , but if that is not enough , press the boost button and slide the volume control to the min and increase as i need it.my wife , who does not have a hearing loss , likes this phone the best of all the phones in the house . i believe it is hearing air compatible . my hearing aids do not have the `` t-coil '' , so they do not have a `` phone mode . `` what is important is that the volume is adjustable - there is a slider that raises the volume . if that is not enough , you can press the `` boost '' button , and the slider still adjusts the volume . in other words , i may answer the phone with the volume control in the `` middle '' without boost . i can increase the volume , but if that is not enough , press the boost button and slide the volume control to the min and increase as i need ... » read more i believe it is hearing air compatible . my hearing aids do not have the `` t-coil '' , so they do not have a `` phone mode . `` what is important is that the volume is adjustable - there is a slider that raises the volume . if that is not enough , you can press the `` boost '' button , and the slider still adjusts the volume . in other words , i may answer the phone with the volume control in the `` middle '' without boost . i can increase the volume , but if that is not enough , press the boost button and slide the volume control to the min and increase as i need it.my wife , who does not have a hearing loss , likes this phone the best of all the phones in the house . « show less
it rings pretty loud
not sure if you can turn off ringer ? i will say it is not loud at all . mine even has a red light that flashes when i receive a call . hope that helps !
i dont remember
this specific phone is made in china but us variants of the model 2554 phone are available on amazon . for example , since this is `` 255400-vba-27md '' , this is made in china . ( any basic phones with an mc or md at the end of the product line ) to find the us variant , you should search for 255400-vba-27m . easy .
i guess that would be the downfall of the phone . i have not found a way to turn the ringer off or down , other than to unplug it . i do n't mind as i do not get many calls on the land line . thanks !
yes .
this ink is for a `` ciss '' system . gigablock continuous ink system for epson artisan 710 725 810 and 835 all-in-one printer related cartridge t098120 t098220 t098320 t098420 t098520 t098620
if there is air in the feed tube you can bleed it like a brake line . move the reservoir slightly above the printer . remove the plug on the cartridge until the air moves from the tube . replace the plug . if the air does not flow the vent on the reservoir may be clogged . if none of that fits the black jet nozzle ( s ) may be clogged .
i started with the ink that came with the cis . when it was time to buy new ink ( nearly 2 yrs later ) . i shopped prices &got; one of the one showing . it worked great & got the same again . im pleased with it .
i do n't believe you can . these inks are used to replenish the ink reservoir for a continuous ink system , not to refill the ink cartridge .
not sure . you need to watch the youtube video to be certain . the kit will not have the surgical syringe tube need to bypass the check-valve to the ink well sensor . with out it the refill kit is useless and messy .
i have no idea . all i do know is i 've tried several refill sets and neither have truly worked and both were a complete mess
i really do n't have a count on that , but , i print lots of photos and half fold cards . the ink lasts for months . it is so worth it !
yes
it looks like it will . good luck . we g ave haf no problems using ours .
does your typewriter have metal spools on it now ? what i found out after ordering this for mine is that in order to change the ribbon you have to unravel the old ribbon from the original spools and put the new ribbon on . the plastic spools the ribbon came with were much to large to fit my typewriter .
i do n't know . sorry .
sorry , i do not know .
it should . one thing about these old remingtons was their ribbons rarely changed .
the ribbon is a half inch tall 1 4 black and 1 4red make sure you re wrap it on your personal reels because the ones it comes with do n't fit
the textured surface is just a plastic sheet that just lays on top the cart . yes you can remove it , leaving a smooth painted steel surface .
yes
we use this cart without the top portion but have equipment that weighs about 90lbs on the bottom part of the cart without any trouble . the top part secures with a couple of bolts on each corner , but i 'd say you could easily put 40-50lbs on the top shelf . just be careful not to make it too top heavy so it does n't become easy to tip over .
not sure what you 're looking at . the description i see -- and it gibes with the cart i have -- is 24 '' wide x 18 '' deep , and the height is adjustable from 24 '' to 42 '' .it 's a good cart , very sturdy , and i really like the lockable storage at the bottom .
the door opening is about 14 1 2 '' tall by 20 '' wide , and the cabinet is about 16 1 2 '' deep . looks like a lot of lp 's could fit in there .
absolutely . i have an 80ln photo booth on top . its a tank
i 'm sorry you could call 218 237 6315 and ask todd that question .
yes
hello-this item is for the 2 inch ribbon spools . there a a few galaxie models that require a smaller spool . please measue your spools if they are 2 inches in diameter , then yes this will work . if however your machine has a smaller spool you will need a different item . feel free to contact us via amazon email .
hi , david ! the original typewriter spools are 1-3 4 '' in diameter and 3 4 '' high , but finding that size is well-nigh impossible . i found some 2 '' x 3 4 '' ones and will have to roll the new ribbon back onto the old spools . does this help ?
yes , this should fit your smith corona . all smith corona typewriters take the same size ribbon , only the small compact typewriters take a smaller spool . if this should be the case , just rewind the new ribbon onto the old spools , and it will work fine .
it will not ! i just transferred the ribbon to my existing ones .
this unit does not accurately fill the wrappers . i finally threw it away and bought a better one with a digital display .
only works with.us quarter , nickel , dime & pennies nothing else
since the coin-collection tubes and the interior rotating disc that identifies the specific coin so it can be placed in the proper tube , are calibrated for american coins ( quarters , dimes , nickles , pennies ) i doubt it can be used with foreign currency unless the size of their coins match ours in size and shape ( completely round , as opposed to polygons etc . )
if i understand your question , you simply pull the slots out with your index finger and load the wrappers or remove the filled ones easily . this is my second one in the last 15 years and i would n't be without it . just a note , be sure each tube is filled to the very top of the plastic tube and the wrapper is fully seated inside the tube to always get an accurate count . be sure to feed the coins in the top of the unit at a slow pace to prevent jamming of the internal coin separater . this is a great machine if properly used . do n't hesitate to buy one .
just batteries , but they last a long time . best coin counter and wrapper i 've ever bought . actually gave several as gifts . highly recommend .
it is 23 inches tall from the tops of the wheels to the bottom of the handle ( just the basket part ) .
do n't buy it . mine broke apart during first use .
you can fill it completely full and it will not tip over or collapse .
150 pounds .
no , the wheels do not pivot which can make the cart hard to maneuver in tight places but i have n't found it really difficult to work even when it is full .
it should not as the back wheels are big enough to hopefully keep the frame from dragging against the wood & the wheels are rubber so un-less you intentionally drag the metal-frame against the wood your stairs should be fine
the description says 150 lbs . it is pretty sturdy and i 'm sure that rough terrain might take a toll on it after lots of use , but , it works gr8 over ice , snow , mud , rocks , pavement , etc . it allows me to get 3x as much groceries and i use it on the bus as well . my mother uses one for her laundry .
it fits in my santa fe and my daughters mkx .
it seems to handle the workouts we give it with 2 mile walks up and back to the grocery store , over broken roads and water-filled potholes . i 'm quite pleased with it !
17 3 4 x 15 1 4
the handset comes with a rechargeable battery . the base ( charging unit ) is not rechargeable .
i do n't know ... probably . you should call the company !
i do n't see how you can mount these on the wall . there are n't any places on the base to do so and the phone would fall out of the cradle . also , be very careful where purchasing . i had purchased several phones that were n't working when the phones arrived because the phones could n't 'pair ' properly . after three exchanges i went for the refund . the problem was that the phones had been already 'paired ' by a previous customer and could n't be resold unless reset by the manufacturer . i understand that this model is discontinued but clarity has other models .
the clarity has a standard base with answering machine and a charge base . both can be used interchangeably .
yes i use it and i have a hearing loss
the photo looks like just the expandable handset , but you better ask the supplier . the first time i ordered from them i wanted just the expandable handset and they sent me the phone with answering device base . the expandable handset is always supplied with the charging station , as shown in the photo . the base with the answering device for the entire phone is larger .
no . as you can see from the picture , the phone has to set into the base charging unit . it 's a great phone .
no ... ... ... ... ..
if the ink uses hp 88 then yes . it wonderful i love it , will be using this product for all my future printers.i have a kid in hs and they print a lot have n't had to refill it yet . been almost a year .
i don`t know if the chips can be reset . but the message that tells that they are expired is not an error . just send one page to the printer first , accept the expired message , and send the rest of the job . after that , you can print everything without expired message
i installed on my hp and it worked great . also on my epson printer .
i have a hp officejet pro l7680 and had the same confusion . the title says that it 's supported but the amazon `` will this work with your printer ? '' check said no . i did a bit more research and everything but the `` will this work with your printer ? '' check indicated that it would work , so i went ahead and purchased it . installation was a breeze and yes it does work and since the l7680 uses the same print cartridges and the l7580 i see no reason why it wo n't work for you .
dear customer : thank you for contacting us.we are sorry but it 's totally different and do n't have cis for hp office-pro k8600 modelplease do n't hesitate ask us if you have any questionthank you .
if your dimensions are the same as those stated in the product description , there should be no problem . these wheels worked out perfectly for me and the top of my stem was slightly rounded .
at the top of the stem , there is a ring built in that is slightly larger than the stem . it expands out slightly against the side of the hole to keep the stem in . you can barely see them in the photo .
these are replacement caster for a wide variety of office chairs . the caster stems have a c clip on them.you can use them in a diy project by drilling a hole the diameter of the stem , then using a light weight mallet to drive the casters in the hole you drilled . the c-clip on the stem will compress enough to fit snugly . the bottom of the stem has a base so the hole should not exceed that diameter to allow the plastic caster to rotate freely .
hi , i do n't remember if the stems are removable . the chair i put them on is not at this location . you should be able to pry the old stems out of your chair with a screwdriver or something . you do want to measure the old stem since they come in different sizes . i bought two packs of the wrong sizes locally before ordering the right size on amazon . they have most of the sizes on amazon . you want to measure width and height of the stem you need since they vary .
probably will be fine as long as your caster receptor can receive a 7 16 '' x 7 8 '' grip ring stem . i only needed one caster to replace a broken one for a chair , so now i have four more . this was a good deal for me .
yes , they are very durable and easy to use . all you have to do is shake the pencil vertically and the lead will come out of the tip . in terms of durability , it is a durable pencil made out of plastic and a lightweight metal . i would say the dimenstions are probably around 6 inches for the height , and the width is about .5 inches .
i still have the pencil and i bought it six months ago . it is in excellent condition except for the squishy grip . the grip has changed colour after long use .
yes it does !
i just took off the end of the pen , and placed more led inside the mechanical pen .
either before or after purchase you can contact us and attach the image and any instructions for the layout in a message
oh gee it is about the size of an average pad , ... .. i would say 10 long and 8 wide . use mine every day it is plenty big enough ... ..d00m
it is very thin , like 1 8 inch . but it is good quality , sturdy rubber material . it holds up well . i 've had mine for 3 years with heavy use ( i 'm on the computer all day every day ) as and it still looks great .
hi , yes , after purchase we contact you for the image logo text that you would like on your mousepad . we scale the image to fit on the mousepad and send you back a sample pdf proof . customization & shipping happens the same day that we receive approval of the proof , provided that we have it before 2pm est . let us know if you need anything else or have other questions . thanks .
the short answer is `` kind of '' . it depends on the headset type but the headset must be plugged into the headset jack . you can not plug the headset inline with the handset . many of the older headsets were connected between the handset ( the thing you hold in your hand ) and the base unit of the phone . this type of connection does not work on most sip phones . yealink also offers an adaptor for certain handsets that enable you to answer a call from the headset . the other thing to note is that depending on the headset model you might need to change the pin outs on the rj9 connector .
yes it has a button to switch between headset and handset .
well it might work , though i do n't have any practical experience using the apparatus .
internet phone only .
yup . it came with one and works fine.however , one thing that i did n't find out until i got mine - the screen is not back-lit . so you have to have some decent ambient room light to see the screen ( which is a bit of a problem in my studio - where there is n't any direct light on the screen - have had to put a lamp near it to see ) .but still , it 's a good phone at a good price ( great value ) .
i clip mine to the inside of my blue jeans pocket every day and have never had it slide open . when it is compressed the tip is always withdrawn and when the pen is expanded the tip is always exposed .
four inches .
yes
i do n't think so . i have used it with three different laser printers ( color and black white ) and it works great . the paper is in the package white yellow pink for face up printing , which is how my printers work . so when i want to print a set or two , i just take the number of sets out of the package , put them on top of my paper in the tray , and print however many sets i want . i can also print them in my single sheet feeder as well , but i do n't usually .
when printing on this paper , the white is the first copy to be printed on then the yellow and finally the pink . if you wish to print on the flip side , like a two sided page , the carbon transfer will not work when writing on the paper . i do hope that answers your question .
stamp no , ink yes . i use them in my ink jet printer then fill in the blanks or sign using ink . customer gets 1 copy i get the other two .
we 've ordered this product a couple times and have done so primarily because they are not glued together . we use them to print documents in three different colors in our printer and would not be able to if they were glued . all to say , they come loose .
yes it is
yes , as far as i know . i use these as a replacement for the 30 34. i 've noticed the ink is just a shade lighter than the epson name brand . the extreme price difference is totally worth it . i use these for all of my printers for both of my restaurants !
the ribbon prints in red and black
it was for 12 units if i remember correctly .
i do n't think so ; just the standard size slides or negatives .
the slide is not compatible with 8mm . it is designed to fit 35mm slides and 35mm negatives . if you could design a slide mechanism to fit the slot , i see no reason why it would not capture them .
no , you do not .
it does the same - however you 'll see the picture in the mirror effect .
no , only scans negatives or slides ( 35mm ) .
yes , it should work .
it works on its own . it saves digital copies of your slides to a sd memory card , which can then be removed and transferred wherever you want . works great . my only complaint was it only came with one slide tray ( and one negative tray ) , so i purchased extra trays because we had a lot of slides copy . this allowed my father and i to work together and get the job done quicker .
none . no need . you have a usb to connect to your computer .
although i never use it i was told u can communicate in house from phone to phone ?
i believe it only supports one line - well i only use it for one line .
the battery life is excellent .
i had 5 handsets set up to mine i can not remember if it was 5 or 6 though .
sorry but no u cant and its a pc of junk so far
yes , it does : )
yes can set number , volume and can shut off ringer
tso 10 pages will hold a total of 120 pictures total.here are 10 pages in a pack you can fit a total if 12 4x6 pictures on one page they will be back to back
along the left border of the sheet top to bottom
i use them in pioneer post scrapbook albums for photo storage but the pages are slightly larger than the album covers . the pages stick out about 1 16 '' to 1 8 '' on each side .
i am pretty sure it 's both sides
10
amazon description says 10 pages per pack but i have had mine for a while and do not remember but would think that is the correct number .
the middle line down the center ( so the side )
yes .
the cap does not fit on the back of the pen
the cartridge fits pretty tightly in the lower barrel and does n't leave enough room for a bill to be wound around it . the upper barrel is shorter than the width of a bill , so you would have to fold the bill lengthwise before winding it around the cartridge . that makes it too fat to get back into the barrel . maybe if you replaced the cartridge with a thin one you could do it , but it would n't be easy .
i believe it takes a fisher space pen refill . fisher makes a pen that literally looks exactly like this maxpedition one , so whatever fits in that works with this . i 'd tell you exactly which one but i lost this awesome pen a while ago . �
the casing is solid metal w a sealed lid , so i suppose in a last resort situation it would suffice as a striking device when placed between fingers or secured with your thumb . however , if self-defense utility is what you 're after , you should consider the smith and wesson swpen3bk tactical pen and put a fisher space pen spr4f black ink fine point refill inside it . that 's what i did .
it comes in a blister pack . those are the shipping measurements the pen is 4.5 closed and 6.5 with the cap on the back .
runs a fisher ink insert , and has the official fisher spacepen logo on the bottom of the body of the pen . by that info , i would have to say it is the real deal .
take it out of the cap and spin it off
yes
there are many different sizes of notebook spiral bindings , totally dependent upon the total thickness of the binder ( and other factors ) ... offhand ... i would say `` yes '' , it will `` fit '' ( or slide ) into most spiral bindings but , there is no clip ( no pocket clip ) to hold it there ... it would likely fall out , with minimal movement ... if you were a friend or a relative , i would advise against purchasing this , particular design , for your stated use ... you could tie the cap=ring to the binding but , it would still slide out , unless you get especially clever with your retention strategy ... just ... `` no '' . there are several dozen `` space pen '' alternative designs which would be much better for your stated application ... look at the various `` standard '' military and police models , which all have a secure pocket clip . there are many different sizes of notebook spiral bindings , totally dependent upon the total thickness of the binder ( and other factors ) ... offhand ... i would say `` yes '' , it will `` fit '' ( or slide ) into most spiral bindings but , there is no clip ( no pocket clip ) to hold it there ... it would likely fall out , with minimal movement ... if you were a friend or a relative , i would advise against purchasing this , particular design , for your stated use ... you could tie the cap=ring to the binding but , it would still slide out , unless you get especially clever with your ... » read more there are many different sizes of notebook spiral bindings , totally dependent upon the total thickness of the binder ( and other factors ) ... offhand ... i would say `` yes '' , it will `` fit '' ( or slide ) into most spiral bindings but , there is no clip ( no pocket clip ) to hold it there ... it would likely fall out , with minimal movement ... if you were a friend or a relative , i would advise against purchasing this , particular design , for your stated use ... you could tie the cap=ring to the binding but , it would still slide out , unless you get especially clever with your retention strategy ... just ... `` no '' . there are several dozen `` space pen '' alternative designs which would be much better for your stated application ... look at the various `` standard '' military and police models , which all have a secure pocket clip . « show less
yes
magicard recently released new drivers for the pronto printer , and it is now compatible with mac-osx 10.5 and newer systems . you will also likely want id card software to design card templates and store cardholder data . currently the only available mac compatible id card software is offered by cardpresso .
this listing only contains the printer & cables . you will also need printer ribbon , blank cards , and software to use this printer . see the complete system bundle with everything you need at : complete alphacard id card printer bundle : magicard pronto id printer , alphacard id suite software & id supplies
yes
no best phone i 've bought in a long time
one line
yes , you can , but the receiver tends to fall off easily . if you shimmed the bottom of the body of the phone out from the wall , it could work .
the cordless handsets only need a electrical outlet cause they are connected to the base unit
my phone is on silent mode . when someone calls i do n't hear the message and i 'm pretty sure that you would n't be able to hear the message if it was in standard mode . the only reason i even have the phone is because my cable bundle comes with telephone . it is a nice phone though with lots of nice features !
yes . they come with cartridges that can be filled with ink . they come with a small tube of ink .
i 'm not sure . i 'd say one mm . it writes a medium line .
do n't know the type of cartridge needed . we use bottled ink with ours . it is easy to load the pens with ink .
good morning . that 's a good question ; i did a little experimenting on my own for that very reason . i found that it depends in part on what kind of paper you 're writing on . obviously , cheaper paper with more `` bleed-thru '' will make the pen strokes look on the broader side . when i use these pens on slightly pricier parchment paper ( that strathmore stuff they sell at hobby lobby , to be specific ... $ 7.99 for a package of 50 sheets ) they work *great* , and the fine-nib pens are almost `` too fine '' , if that makes any sense . when i realized all my jinhao pens were equipped with m nibs i ordered a couple of fine-nib pens to experiment with for the same reason you 're seeing , and found that for purely artistic reasons the m nibs were more to my liking i guess . fine nibs are great for office use , but if you 're writing letters , party invitations , writing in a journal ( presumably a nice one with good paper ) , i 'd stick with the medium nibs.sorry ... to answer your actual question , i 'd say these pens tend a bit more to the broad side of m. i hope this helps ! : - ) john in arkansas good morning . that 's a good question ; i did a little experimenting on my own for that very reason . i found that it depends in part on what kind of paper you 're writing on . obviously , cheaper paper with more `` bleed-thru '' will make the pen strokes look on the broader side . when i use these pens on slightly pricier parchment paper ( that strathmore stuff they sell at hobby lobby , to be specific ... $ 7.99 for a package of 50 sheets ) they work *great* , and the fine-nib pens are almost `` too fine '' , if that makes any sense . when i realized all my jinhao pens were equipped with m ... » read more good morning . that 's a good question ; i did a little experimenting on my own for that very reason . i found that it depends in part on what kind of paper you 're writing on . obviously , cheaper paper with more `` bleed-thru '' will make the pen strokes look on the broader side . when i use these pens on slightly pricier parchment paper ( that strathmore stuff they sell at hobby lobby , to be specific ... $ 7.99 for a package of 50 sheets ) they work *great* , and the fine-nib pens are almost `` too fine '' , if that makes any sense . when i realized all my jinhao pens were equipped with m nibs i ordered a couple of fine-nib pens to experiment with for the same reason you 're seeing , and found that for purely artistic reasons the m nibs were more to my liking i guess . fine nibs are great for office use , but if you 're writing letters , party invitations , writing in a journal ( presumably a nice one with good paper ) , i 'd stick with the medium nibs.sorry ... to answer your actual question , i 'd say these pens tend a bit more to the broad side of m. i hope this helps ! : - ) john in arkansas « show less
yes it comes with a few ink cartridges and also a small container of ink too .
check at the bottom of the unit , or in the styrofoam around that area
your choice , it comes with different size hangers to go front to back or side to side , it can be legal or letter , half and half or whole drawer . whatever you need it will work . after reading the other answer i wanted to add this , the top file drawer does the same thing , however only legal files run front to back ( do not face you ) letter goes side to side ( to face you ) . very well thought out design and worth every penny of its price .
the top right drawer and bottom lateral file lock together . the two upper left drawers do not lock .
yes . bottom drawer is lateral file with potential for letter or legal size . top right drawer is primarily letter-size file .
i , ve not had any problems , & i double file
yes . it is . it will serve either letter or legal .
i purchased the parker `` quink '' cartridges , but they last a long time , so i have n't had the opportunity to branch out to see if any generic brands fit .
this pen does not come with an ink converter . having used both parker 's basic and deluxe ink converters , i can say that the deluxe model is well worth the extra expense .
yes , it does
no cartridge.it has a nib
the converter nib is not included with the pen . you may find that separately on amazon . thanks .
i 'm not sure about how many photos one cartridge will print but it takes only a few seconds to print a photo .
no it does not come with one power cord to plug into a cigarette in your car , but you can use one adapter in your cigarrete lighter and use the regular wall plug , i never tried but good luck .
no it has an adapter to plug into the wall .
best bet is to call hp . we just use it with the card from the camera.happy new year ...
over 5 years ago ... but there are newer models out that work great and not too expensive !
it prints 4x6 and 5x7 as well as panoramic cards ( 4x12 ) and index cards .
i would think you could put any size memory card or sony `` stick '' in the appropriate slot and print your photos from them . the 646 does not require a memory card to operate , it `` reads '' from the card you have inserted . it does have some internal memory as you can save photos in the printer . also you can print photos from your telephone by selecting `` blue tooth '' mode . i just discovered a problem , staples no longer stocks the 110 ink that it uses , however you can order it at staples and have it delivered . the 646 does not have a internal battery , which older models such as the 475 do , but i like the printer and hope i can continue to find the 110 ink that it uses . i would think you could put any size memory card or sony `` stick '' in the appropriate slot and print your photos from them . the 646 does not require a memory card to operate , it `` reads '' from the card you have inserted . it does have some internal memory as you can save photos in the printer . also you can print photos from your telephone by selecting `` blue tooth '' mode . i just discovered a problem , staples no longer stocks the 110 ink that it uses , however you can order it at staples and have it delivered . the 646 does not have a internal battery , which older models ... » read more i would think you could put any size memory card or sony `` stick '' in the appropriate slot and print your photos from them . the 646 does not require a memory card to operate , it `` reads '' from the card you have inserted . it does have some internal memory as you can save photos in the printer . also you can print photos from your telephone by selecting `` blue tooth '' mode . i just discovered a problem , staples no longer stocks the 110 ink that it uses , however you can order it at staples and have it delivered . the 646 does not have a internal battery , which older models such as the 475 do , but i like the printer and hope i can continue to find the 110 ink that it uses . « show less
they are n't clear , but translucent instead .
hi , its for about 5 sheets of paper . maybe one can stuff 8 or 10 sheets.i do n't quite understand how other people put in about `` 80 pages or an inch '' .unless we are speaking of another model .
it is a package of 12
it says on the description that they 're 13.2 x 9 inches , which sounds correct to me - i place 8 1 2 x 11 sheets in them easily .
they are letter size and have only one pocket .
yes , it does . as long as that is the active tab , it will work . additionally , it will work on google slides using chrome os and even using chrome os to stream it to a tv via a chromecast . this presenter is very chrome google friendly ! tested it on both a chromebook and a chromebox .
no , it does not . it can turn on off the presentation . and it can go forward backwards between slides . and it has a red laser .
since there is a device that needs to stay in the computer 's usb port when the handheld device is in use , the handheld device would n't affect a computer that does n't have the gadget that goes into the usb port . but if your question is whether you could somehow get it to operate two computers ( presumably by buying a second device to insert into the usb port ) , i 'm sorry that i do n't know the answer to that question .
you need to hold the button down . i prefer this to a `` double click '' approach .
yes . as far as i know . this is one of the few phones that have a voicemail indicating light on the base .
i do not know ... i returned this product ...
on the handset , press the upper left button during a call .
yes
sure you can .
yes , you can access the answering machine through the handset to listen to messages .
the best way to answer that is that the cork and the white board are roughly squares , as you are looking at the picture it is 17 high by 11 wide.hope that helps .
outside dimensions
i would guess you ca n't . so far , mine ( even in 114 degree weather ) have held the board exactly where i placed it . if i were to take it down , i would probably buy new 3m scotch mounting tape ( which can be found here on amazon ) . it 's pretty inexpensive and would allow for a nice secure mount . the board continues to be a great investment for the price .
no it 's not . i purchased one based on some data i received and other claims that it was . but it is not . i ended up returning it .
we did not have a lot of luck with the zebra ... it 's actually in the box still in my desk ... if you want it - we 'd sell it for $ 80.00 ... it seems to me that you need some programming knowledge to use the unit the way we had envisioned ... the printer works well - the set up just is n't as easy `` plug and play '' as hoped ... we have a new unit if you would like it . we could ship it tomorrow and would take a paypal payment.thanks for your inquiry.best , rich hammmidwest wheelcoaters219-874-0099
it is compatible with the following operating systemswindows xp , windows vista , windows 2003 , windows 2008 , windows 7 , windows 8
believe there is an iphone app for generating labels
yes , i think so . the system has holes at a distance of 7 ''
they can definately be hung seperately . in fact by hanging them seperately you will get much more space to put files then when they are stacked .
12 1 2 h x 12 w x 4 dalthough the top pocket depht is 4 inches , the bottom two actual size is about 1 3 4 .
mine do not fit legal size files folders . they hang on a t shaped hanger ( 2 vertical parts ) that we mounted w anchors into drywall . not sure about partition hangers , but probably would work . each basket hangs separately on the hanger .
i have mine filled to where they expand to 9 '' , but if i fully extend it , the file will expand to at least 12 '' . holds lots of papers !
yes , it does . the file is actually 14 '' x14 '' . it 's been sturdy too .
i have two of these ; one is at least six years old . it is full - so full i had to purchase a second ! none of the seams have cracked or split , dividers remain intact . for me , these are the best system for storing papers - the papers do not get marred and you can easily see the choices you have .
i use mine for scrap paper by color and it has expanded to 14 '' which i am able to pick up off the floor when needed . i do n't know how much paper it would hold as it would depend on the type of paper ( regular or heavy cardstock , embossed or glittered paper ) . i would imagine it could hold several hundred sheets . i just bought 550 sheets of assorted types of paper and the stack measured about 6 '' if that helps as a guide .
not very well . the display is not backlit . it is plain lcd .
five inches wide and seven inches tall .
yes
it 's 4.50 inch x 1.00 inch .
the calculator is 7.25 '' long by 5.25 '' wide and about an inch high ... nice calculator
yes , there is an arrow -- > that performs this function . in addition , you can clear the current entry without losing the total .
this calculator uses a type cr2032 lithium battery . it comes already installed . i believe that this is a fairly common battery , so replacing should n't be an issue . also remember that it has a solar cell . mine seems to run fine from the lamp on my desk . i also have a solar powered keyboard on my pc and a solar powered watch ( citizen eco-drive ) and they have been running forever . i have n't had the calculator long enough to know how long the battery will last , but i 'm not worried .
i do n't know that there is one . there wer some instructions on the packge . i assume you can google the modle and brand and get some info . it is prettysimple to use
the number keys are 9 16 inch wide with 1 8 inch space between the keys . on number 5 there is a raised flat circle , but it is not easy to feel it except by the edges of the key . hope this helps answer your question .
ours did not . had to use set from old phones .
there is an indicator light on the main answering system . also , the display on each handset will say that there is a message waiting .
yes it does .
clear as a bell , no muffled speech . never had any problems with panasonic , i trust them .
i have had no problems when i turn off the answering machine . i very like this phone very much hope this helps
i have not been able to locate online the technical manual . the user guide contains no technical setup info . the only options built into the phone menu are volume up down off , and high or low ring ( tone 1 or tone 2 ) , from the menu button that looks like a music note . this is not a cell phone , so do n't expect the same features .
head set must be bluetooth wireless technology compatible . for best performance they recommend using a bluetooth headset with 1m ( 3.3feet ) of the base a head set can communicate with the base unit within a range of 10 m ( 33 feet ) hope that helps
probably , i get interference on the handsets .
you should probably ask someone who is selling these ... ..
yes . it does come in a gift box .
staples has refills . parker quink gel refill # 30525pp
yes , black .
i believe it is .5 , but it is sure not .7 !
hello , i am sorry but we do n't do any personalization . we do apologize.thanks
sorry , it was gift , so i do n't know- i do n't have it in my possesion
i use it on the wireless network all the time .
yes
my guess 3 -- 4 years ago . i bought two of these but had problems and finally replaced the last one with a hp photosmart5510 . it 's more cumbersome to scan lots of documents and esp photos but it prints wirelessly . a big plus . seems to have difficulty with windows 7 ... prior was xp .
yes , # 60 .
try gently pressing down on the top of the cartridge at the front edge . it should just click in . ensure you are putting the cartridge in the right slot as well ( i have made this eror ) . dennis
you need to change the settings through your computer . when the print menu pops up , go to properties . choose `` grayscale . '' then print .
in case you have n't found it yet , it 's located behind the white protective cover sheet on the lid . you push the two side tabs in , lower the cover sheet , and you will see it . i myself only found this out by going to the canon website , under the faq , `` how do i scan film ... . '' : -
amazon had the entire line of canon printers 50 % off on black friday ... for one day only . : - (
i do not know for sure if it will print on pvc , but i would expect it should be ok. i know it is designed to print on printable cd 's . the ink will dry on 'most anything it is applied to . but the big question is ... .will your printer recognize this system ? better google it to see if there are comments on this regard . i bought the system for a epson artisan 50 and the printer will not recognize the installation . so my new cis is sitting here , all dressed up and nowhere to go ! beware .
all cis systems are designed for specific printer models , as the replacement carts must mimic the operation of the oem cartridges . i can find no information about the stylus photo t50 printer . a search on epson 's website produced nothing , as did a search on gigablock.net . gigablock is the supplier of all the ciss units i have purchased . without knowing more about the cartridges the t50 uses , i am unable to answer your question . generally speaking , epson is aggressively attempting to prevent the use of third party ink ; other manufacturers may be doing likewise , but i am very familiar with epson 's efforts . i love their printers , but hate being held up by their ink costs . unless they relax their grip on the replacement ink market , i 've probably bought my last epson . ( i have owned or been responsible for the purchase of 6 or 7 in the past . ) david holt all cis systems are designed for specific printer models , as the replacement carts must mimic the operation of the oem cartridges . i can find no information about the stylus photo t50 printer . a search on epson 's website produced nothing , as did a search on gigablock.net . gigablock is the supplier of all the ciss units i have purchased . without knowing more about the cartridges the t50 uses , i am unable to answer your question . generally speaking , epson is aggressively attempting to prevent the use of third party ink ; other manufacturers may be doing likewise , but i am very familiar with ... » read more all cis systems are designed for specific printer models , as the replacement carts must mimic the operation of the oem cartridges . i can find no information about the stylus photo t50 printer . a search on epson 's website produced nothing , as did a search on gigablock.net . gigablock is the supplier of all the ciss units i have purchased . without knowing more about the cartridges the t50 uses , i am unable to answer your question . generally speaking , epson is aggressively attempting to prevent the use of third party ink ; other manufacturers may be doing likewise , but i am very familiar with epson 's efforts . i love their printers , but hate being held up by their ink costs . unless they relax their grip on the replacement ink market , i 've probably bought my last epson . ( i have owned or been responsible for the purchase of 6 or 7 in the past . ) david holt « show less
i do n't remember the printer i bought this for as the ink system never worked and my printer never worked after i tried tit so i had to buy a new printer . i really do n't know if the continuous ink had anything to do with my printer breaking or not .
this scanner comes with the power cord as well as an approx . 6 ft. long usb cable to connect to your computer .
yes
purchased in nov 2013 for insurance agency . has performed flawlessly
no comparison-the fujitsu has it beat hands down both in ease of use and quality of the scans . get the fujitsu !
i really do n't remember . but unless you have a special need for very long scans-forget about this scanner-it is junk . i returned mine . get yourself a fujitsu snapscan 1500-really excellent scanner-i love it .
not sure . check compatibility on the targus website . i use it on my windows7 pro 64 bit os . it was plug and play . has been working great for 2 years . only changed the batteries once .
it works with any device since there is a switch in the battery compartment for changing between pc and mac .
i have n't tried it , but it should . you can switch it to become a remote mouse for your screen . i needed a second one to replace a pointer that did n't work after a year . this one has held up a long time and i use it daily in a classroom .
yes
it uses one aaa battery and does not have a storage spot for a spare battery . but it does have a handy , internal spot to store the usb device . it 's a great tool !
black
sorry it did n't last that long for me.it was poor quality .
no , it will not hold standard envelopes . it will hold letter size envelopes .
yes , the dividers are attached to the bottom .
it 's solid and heavy for its size . but it was a little smaller than i thought it would be .
i does have the piece that goes under the door , but it 's short . it is also heavy so it will hold the door in place if the space under the door is too large , as mine is .
it weighs 2 lbs 7 oz. , according to my electronic scale .
hi , the dimensions are correct on our website 4 '' w x 4 '' d x 6.5 '' h but not the weight . it weighs 2 lbs . hope this helps ! thank you , teresa
while i do n't have it in front of me , it 's a reasonable size ( about 5 inches tall ) and weight .
hi cheryl it is up at my cottage in maine so i can measure it exactly but i think it 's about 6 to 7 inches high . it is very heavy and i use it on the main door of the cottage and it works very well not to mention it is very very attractive to look at .
webex also has phone conferencing services and a telephone audio service for web conferencing . i have had difficulty with ooma and webex . it will not connect me to a webex meeting . if anyone has encountered this and found a solution , i would love to hear .
yes , i too have a similar type system with multiple handsets , i even have a fax multi use machine plugged in also . as long as the main base unit is plugged into the ooma the other wireless units should work just fine . they go over this in the instructions included in the box .
i have had a magic jack for a couple years as my main `` home '' number and an ooma for about four months as my `` home office '' number . i have very good bandwidth on fios . on a scale of 1 to 10 , the voice and call quality on the ooma is about a 9.5 and on the mj is about a 2. callers dialing in on the magic jack line hear a lot of noise and the voices sound like they are under water . the ooma is flawless .
i just followed the ooma instructions , and after going on line with ooma , our phone was up and running immediately . to set up the phone , i picked one of the phone # s in my area ooma had listed . ooma told me i would have to run my service cocurrently with my at &t; service , if i wished to `` port '' my phone # instead of the new ooma number . i was told it would probably take at least a month . at &t; came through very quickly and it wound up taking a mere matter of days to complete the process . at &t; cancelled my service with them , after porting my number . i 've been pleased , not only with ooma , but pleasantly surprised by the gracious service from at &t; i just followed the ooma instructions , and after going on line with ooma , our phone was up and running immediately . to set up the phone , i picked one of the phone # s in my area ooma had listed . ooma told me i would have to run my service cocurrently with my at &t; service , if i wished to `` port '' my phone # instead of the new ooma number . i was told it would probably take at least a month . at &t; came through very quickly and it wound up taking a mere matter of days to complete the process . at &t; cancelled my service with them , after porting my number . i 've been pleased , not only with ... » read more i just followed the ooma instructions , and after going on line with ooma , our phone was up and running immediately . to set up the phone , i picked one of the phone # s in my area ooma had listed . ooma told me i would have to run my service cocurrently with my at &t; service , if i wished to `` port '' my phone # instead of the new ooma number . i was told it would probably take at least a month . at &t; came through very quickly and it wound up taking a mere matter of days to complete the process . at &t; cancelled my service with them , after porting my number . i 've been pleased , not only with ooma , but pleasantly surprised by the gracious service from at &t; « show less
we have a verizon wifi that also serves as the modem . we just connected to one of the router ports . the instructions that come with the system are quite good and leave little question on what to do . the only thing that we have not completed yet ( too busy ) is how to receive faxs . the sending faxs is a breeze . after having this for a few months now it has been excellent . we especially like the computer interface where you can easily determine spam calls and black list them - what a great feeling .
it has nothing to do with google . they ( ooma ) will give you a number ( you can choose form a list ) or you can `` port over '' you current number . once you buy the ooma equipment ( more or less a `` modem '' ) you only pay the federal `` taxes and fees ? `` . so it is n't totally `` free '' but my cost is about $ 3.50 ( in taxes and `` fees ) a month for ( ip ) phone service or about 45 dollars less than with the phone company . hope this helps .
once your house wiring no longer has a dial tone from the phone company , you can connect your telo to it and that will be your new dial tone . all the jacks will then be live and you can use your phones normally .
i used it with directv with no problems at all . performs just like a landline . i switched to dishnetwork and again no problems . caller id shows up on the tv screen both systems . though i am not sure what you are referring to when you say `` callbacks '' .
the monthly fee is tax , so like $ 4 a month ish .
yes , you can port your number at anytime . you 'll have to choose a new ooma phone number to try out the service first , and if you like it , port your old number to it later .
it is not legal size
yes , they fit and hold standard size files nicely .
nope .
letter size files hang perfectly approx 13x6
yes - could get a little messy without the hanging files to keep things organized though .
no it does not include the hanging folders .
10.5 inches
i have about 8 hanging file folders with a-z files dispersed throughout them with tons of credit card forms inside and it 's comfortable
not in the least . in fact , i have trouble using the handle as the latch itself barely holds . it is really more about keeping out nosy kids and relatives - it wo n't prevent anyone actually trying to get into the box .
nothing valid point
the model you referenced is the same model that i purchased the toner for . working great .
to be honest i don`t know exactly but one thing i can say is you don`t even get what the sellers say that you can get about 2000 pages.i guest it all depends on how many words are written on the page . that`s all i can say
oem .
good question . my toner seems to last 3 months and then the printer stops working until you replace toner . i 'm replacing the printer . not getting brother again .
yes there are generic high yield but at staples
i 'm sorry , hit the wrong key ! meant to say : hi there ! i 'm sorry i ca n't be more help . i love this printer , but i 'm old school and plug it in to my computer directly . however , our wireless network does pick up the printer , but i have not tried to print through it . but i seriously love this printer . it 's the third one i 've bought of this type - the multifunction brother - over the last decade or so . the other ones did n't break - we still use them at our office - it was me wanting to upgrade .
i find that brand name works the best . others i have tried smeared and ran out quickly . this is what i buy : brother tn-210y toner cartridge - retail packaging - yellow
i would say no . if i go to change a toner , it knows if one is missing , and it wont print until one is put in it , and the chip on the toner tells the printer its status.on the other hand , you could simply turn off the color printing part thru its printer driver , and print just b &w; , and choose color just when you want it.i am happy with mine . we have hp and konica minolta 's at work , and this printer prints , and looks every bit as quality as the big business models do . in fact , sometimes i print from home and take it in , and no one can tell , so i do n't tell ... .spreadsheets , charts , graphs , digital pictures , screen shots , power point , visio , its all a+ ! i would say no . if i go to change a toner , it knows if one is missing , and it wont print until one is put in it , and the chip on the toner tells the printer its status.on the other hand , you could simply turn off the color printing part thru its printer driver , and print just b &w; , and choose color just when you want it.i am happy with mine . we have hp and konica minolta 's at work , and this printer prints , and looks every bit as quality as the big business models do . in fact , sometimes i print from home and take it in , and no one can tell , so i do n't tell ... .spreadsheets , ... » read more i would say no . if i go to change a toner , it knows if one is missing , and it wont print until one is put in it , and the chip on the toner tells the printer its status.on the other hand , you could simply turn off the color printing part thru its printer driver , and print just b &w; , and choose color just when you want it.i am happy with mine . we have hp and konica minolta 's at work , and this printer prints , and looks every bit as quality as the big business models do . in fact , sometimes i print from home and take it in , and no one can tell , so i do n't tell ... .spreadsheets , charts , graphs , digital pictures , screen shots , power point , visio , its all a+ ! « show less
right above the fax , scan , copy buttons there is a window that will tell you to replace toner and what color needs to be replaced .
no
to rest the page counter : open the lid , press back clear . in the menu window it will list the color cartridges one at a time . use the up and down arrows to select the correct color . hit ok. close the lid .
they came out with another firmware in late july but i have n't printed any envelopes yet to see if it helped any . this is what works for me ... .. push the envelope into the slot _lightly_ until you will feel a slight stop . do not push any further ! just use your finger tips at the rear most part of the envelope . within a few seconds ( 5 or 6 seconds if the printer is asleep ) you should feel the printer grab the envelope , it will only move a very slight amount , maybe 1 8th of an inch , you have to pay attention , then you should be able to print normally . it works for me every time now . i 've had mine over a year . i found it out from another poster . after digging into brothers web site and reading their manuals i actually did see where brother mentioned the same thing , but i had to do a lot of digging to find it . i think it was buried in their trouble shooting section ? thank goodness i do n't print a lot of envelopes , that 's actually my only nit pick , well , that and having to open the back of the printer when printing envelopes . also , i use the cheaper standard envelopes and i found that if you use the handle of a butter knife or another flat utensil and flatten the envelope first it will get rid of 90 % of the wrinkles . hoped it helps ... . they came out with another firmware in late july but i have n't printed any envelopes yet to see if it helped any . this is what works for me ... .. push the envelope into the slot _lightly_ until you will feel a slight stop . do not push any further ! just use your finger tips at the rear most part of the envelope . within a few seconds ( 5 or 6 seconds if the printer is asleep ) you should feel the printer grab the envelope , it will only move a very slight amount , maybe 1 8th of an inch , you have to pay attention , then you should be able to print normally . it works for me ... » read more they came out with another firmware in late july but i have n't printed any envelopes yet to see if it helped any . this is what works for me ... .. push the envelope into the slot _lightly_ until you will feel a slight stop . do not push any further ! just use your finger tips at the rear most part of the envelope . within a few seconds ( 5 or 6 seconds if the printer is asleep ) you should feel the printer grab the envelope , it will only move a very slight amount , maybe 1 8th of an inch , you have to pay attention , then you should be able to print normally . it works for me every time now . i 've had mine over a year . i found it out from another poster . after digging into brothers web site and reading their manuals i actually did see where brother mentioned the same thing , but i had to do a lot of digging to find it . i think it was buried in their trouble shooting section ? thank goodness i do n't print a lot of envelopes , that 's actually my only nit pick , well , that and having to open the back of the printer when printing envelopes . also , i use the cheaper standard envelopes and i found that if you use the handle of a butter knife or another flat utensil and flatten the envelope first it will get rid of 90 % of the wrinkles . hoped it helps ... . « show less
hi susan , yes the length is 2.975 inches . just a little under 3.0 inches .
i do n't know
you know , funny enough , i bought this converter for a specific pen - but once i got it , i ca n't remember for the life of me which pen it was for , and it does n't fit any that i own ! i was going to buy a few different pens around that time , and may have bought it for one of those , but as of now it 's just waiting for a future purchase to fit into . i 'm sorry i could n't be of more help , but if you 'd like measurements on it , or pictures or anything else , i 'd be happy to help . be warned . if you do order it , it takes a little bit of time to get it . no quick turn around by any means .
4.5 ''
i use it with a 47 '' lcd tv and there does not seem to be any trouble supporting the tv . a newer led lcd would probably be lighter and a plasma would be heavier . check that the dimensions of the hdtv stand will fit the riser stand ( mine fit perfectly ) . there is no problem with the hdtv itself reaching out beyond the stand . of course , who knows what would happen if you had a major earthquake or something but i am not worried.i assume the soundbar is not really related to the stand , you are just explaining why you want to use the stand .
yes . its very sturdy as long as you do n't make a habit of moving the stand too much . its a good product , but it is basically just 3 pieces of wood screwed together .
as long as the base of the tv is less than 20 inches wide , then it will hold the tv .
no , you have to assemble it . has just 3 pieces , could n't be easier , 10 min 's tops .
mine was assembled .
no it is n't ... but thank goodness i want it the way it 's displayed
no , it comes flat packed and needs to be assembled . the instructions are quite clear . i put it together myself , and it took me somewhere around 1.5 hours ( this was a while ago now , so forgive my imprecision ) . with a second pair of hands , i bet you could manage in under an hour .
the file drawer is ready and set up to hold hanging files on rails already installed on the sides of the drawer , but it can not be locked . i love my desk with all its ' compartments and wide top !
i just had my husband measure it was 47 and 1 8th of an inch .
yes , both drawers have bottoms but are removable as they slide into grooves when you assemble .
the depth is 23.5 '' and the height clearance under the keyboard shelf is 23-24 '' . there is a detachable , padded part of the shelf that is meant to be held in your lap , the padding sticks out from the bottom and so there is some variance in the ground to shelf clearance .
it is 27 1 2 '' w x 19 '' d x 24 1 2 '' h ( height is up to the keyboard tray , not the desktop )
no lock and key
yes it does .
you have to very closely follow instructions..i had same problem ..
it did n't work at a for me . just created a big mess . i returned the product .
i have only used it for my old epson stylus color 880 and it is working just fine ! good luck !
have no idea as never used them after purchasing the kit ! ended up selling at our garage sale.however , the ink itself looked substantial enough in quantity and or thick enough to have tried it.last but not least the price was right when placed my order at that time.nvjj
if it fits a listed printer it will work . but not a good idea to haul the printer around in a car after that because they leaked out inside the printer . it worker quite well before that happened .
kenneth , i dont work for the company , however i love my key-back . the way the key-back comes with a 1.5 '' diameter ring it will not hold 25 keys . i have changed the ring to a larger ring which to a 2 '' diameter ring . i would suggest that you go to a locksmith retail store which sells the rings and try them out in your situation . i have 7 keys each with a red , green etc colour code plastic that fits over the the head of the key that makes these keys more bulky plus 3 car door openers which are very bulky on the ring and 1 fob . i have other keys i require periodically and i put these on a separate ring that i then attach to the main ring with separate rings with an easy adapter . i do see another answer on this and he recommends a similar answer to mine . kenneth , i dont work for the company , however i love my key-back . the way the key-back comes with a 1.5 '' diameter ring it will not hold 25 keys . i have changed the ring to a larger ring which to a 2 '' diameter ring . i would suggest that you go to a locksmith retail store which sells the rings and try them out in your situation . i have 7 keys each with a red , green etc colour code plastic that fits over the the head of the key that makes these keys more bulky plus 3 car door openers which are very bulky on the ring and 1 fob . i have other keys i require periodically and i put ... » read more kenneth , i dont work for the company , however i love my key-back . the way the key-back comes with a 1.5 '' diameter ring it will not hold 25 keys . i have changed the ring to a larger ring which to a 2 '' diameter ring . i would suggest that you go to a locksmith retail store which sells the rings and try them out in your situation . i have 7 keys each with a red , green etc colour code plastic that fits over the the head of the key that makes these keys more bulky plus 3 car door openers which are very bulky on the ring and 1 fob . i have other keys i require periodically and i put these on a separate ring that i then attach to the main ring with separate rings with an easy adapter . i do see another answer on this and he recommends a similar answer to mine . « show less
why not , the clip is on one side , but no reason it can not just be reversed and worn on the left -- there is n't any designation of right or left . the clip can be worn on the left and the clip still would just pull to that side . i recently started working for a large company that requires everyone to wear ids . this is great to put the id o the loop and wear it on your belt .
a pin is included with this part to convert the belt clip to a belt loop .
i used mine without a belt , works well .
no you can not it 's primary function is to prevent the cord being pulled by the weight of the item or items attached to it .
it is extremely tight - i do n't think there is anyway this one is going to fall off . we like this one so much we have spares just in case something breaks .
the 36 has a more powerful retractor allowing it to hold keys up to 13 oz . the 48 can only hold up to 8 oz .
hi shirl , no ... ..once the cord chain is pulled out it can not lock and is free to retract , unlike a tape measure that can be locked . thanks , george
for my own use i prefer the ds-3 . it has a safety feature that stops the shredding if you happen to touch the opening where you put the paper in . it has all the power that i need for my use .
i 'm not certain if this shredder is dual voltage . i did not see anything in the manual . it works great with 120 voltage . you may want to check directly with fellowes and if itis not dual voltage i would imagine you could get some kind of adapter . jlb
top lifts off and the basket is a separate piece .
yes . i do that all the time . makes it easier to empty andno mess . the bag should overlap the ouitside edge of the basket . hope this helps . thanks for asking .
it 's an access hole to view the shredded paper and push it down of spread it out if necessary . you can also grab ahold of it with your had to move the shredder around or remove the shredder top .
i just tested it for you and ground through one of the daily junk mail chase credit card apps envelopes , and it shredded it no problem . i love my fellowes . it 's the best shredder i 've purchased . remember to use some oil every now and then , per the instructions , to keep it moving well . i also take the top off and make sure nothing has wrapped itself around anything . be sure to unplug it first , says momma sharon , i do n't think you will be disappointed .
i would say 5-6 comfortably .
no louder than a ringing phone .
yes . when you need refills they are expensive unless you get generic off amazon . make sure you get quality refills . awesome printer though . no regrets about buying and i have owned laser printers from hp for years without one service call . do the maint kit every 200-225k pages and they go forever . i had several with over 1 million pages . again , no service call ever !
sorry i have not unboxed the printer yet . its a back up for me . however i do believe it is network capable by ethernet but not wifi .
the device is independent from a pc . it simply scans photos to a sandisk card that inserts in the unit . when you are done scanning slides , simply remove the card and plug it in to your pc via a usb adapter that accepts the sandisk . some later model pc 's and tvs may already have a dedicated slot for the card . so with that said - windows 8 should not have any issues with this set up. , as it should see the card and find the right photo program to download the photos . the wolverine does come with a usb cable but it 's only for a power source if you do n't want to use the supplied ac power adapter . the usb power source would be great if you are on the go with a laptop and want to power the wolverine to scan slides . the wolverine is simply a small slide projector that scans the photos onto a sandisk - with no pc involved . good luck ! mlbaron west island weather station operations the device is independent from a pc . it simply scans photos to a sandisk card that inserts in the unit . when you are done scanning slides , simply remove the card and plug it in to your pc via a usb adapter that accepts the sandisk . some later model pc 's and tvs may already have a dedicated slot for the card . so with that said - windows 8 should not have any issues with this set up. , as it should see the card and find the right photo program to download the photos . the wolverine does come with a usb cable but it 's only for a power source if you do n't want to use the supplied ac power ... » read more the device is independent from a pc . it simply scans photos to a sandisk card that inserts in the unit . when you are done scanning slides , simply remove the card and plug it in to your pc via a usb adapter that accepts the sandisk . some later model pc 's and tvs may already have a dedicated slot for the card . so with that said - windows 8 should not have any issues with this set up. , as it should see the card and find the right photo program to download the photos . the wolverine does come with a usb cable but it 's only for a power source if you do n't want to use the supplied ac power adapter . the usb power source would be great if you are on the go with a laptop and want to power the wolverine to scan slides . the wolverine is simply a small slide projector that scans the photos onto a sandisk - with no pc involved . good luck ! mlbaron west island weather station operations « show less
i experienced the same thing . worked best if completely powered down before any manipulation other than straight scanning , such as removal or insertion of sd card . still , it periodically `` crashed '' for no apparent reason . maybe bill gates participated in the design ? ; }
there was no tray for 110mm slides with my converter .
this machine does not last more than a month , the image is awful when scanned with it , i would advise you buy another brand . there is no customer service with this company , they do not answer email or phone .
very easy to use . i converted maybe 500 slides rather quickly . in fact i have an ion slides 2pc 35 mm slide and film scanner i need to sell . i 'd take $ 50 for it if you paid the shipping . search for it and you 'll see it sell ; s for about $ 90 new .
i never tried the 110 slides , mine were 35mm , but they were mounted into the same square frames and they came out perfectly , so i do n't see why it would n't be the same .
once again i have to be the bearer of bad news , this product is awful , no customer service to help you , scans horribly , i would buy another scanner for film and negatives if i were you
for me the scanned result was unacceptable . slides and negatives that were free of dust and scratches appeared to be full of dust and scratches . no amount of cleaning of either the film or the scanner resolved this issue . additionally the scans appeared to have unacceptable tonal range for any purpose .
yes . any machine that can read sd card or usb
i 'm a teacher . i use this product all the time , it 's great . other teachers purchased it after seeing me use it . to answer your question , it does not . you will need to acquire a coaxial monitor cable . this will allow you to hook it up to a monitor or projector . the are very cheap and can be found almost anywhere . ( radio sh.. , best buy ( they are expensive there ) , online , staples , target , walmart , etc ) .
it projects on anything but you will see it best if you project onto a light screen .
i do n't have one . i just have elmo to projector , projector to computer . works good
you have a vga out and also an rca out - hope this helps .
it needs a projector ... .. or monitor tv that has a vga or composite input .
the weighing surface is 6 '' x 8 ''
no , it does not come with the calibration weight .
what i like about this scale is this : you can put a large box on top . the scale displays the weight and beeps . when you hear the beep you know that the weight is registered on the display . you can now remove the box and see the weight displayed there . the weight stays on the display for about 30 seconds .
it is for envelopes but i have never used it i just set what ever item i have on the top platform
i never calibrated and just started using it . i took several packages to the post office and everything checked out perfectly . they explain how to calibrate it in the manual .
tare is zeroing out the scale . you set the tare every time you turn it on . you would use the tare if you are using this as a kitchen scale . place your measuring cup bowl on the scale press tare and it will return to zero disregarding the weight of the container . then when you add your ingredients when it reads 12oz for example you will have 12oz in the container .
no it is n't a real bummer because i think this is the best card program ever . my pc man had been able to over ride all my updates until i got to windows 7 .
no it is n't , computer man tried to over ride so i could have it but it did n't work . i would say do n't buy it .
i am not sure what your question is but it should work with any printer but it will only work with windows 95 98 and windows nt if you have anything higher than that it wo n't work . i wish i could still use my as it was the best card program for cards that i have ever worked with . i am now using hallmark 2015 but still miss the american greetings .
i do n't know as i have not purchased or used this device . for amazon to think that i have suggests that they have a software logic error . i use a epson v600 scanner to copy photos and slides , and like it .
i think so , but i can not tell for sure . i so know i returned it because the pictures was very blurrie . i purchased a really good scanner copier printer and did it that way .
type ps9890 ( or whatever ) manual in the google search option , and download the pdf file .
sorry , no idea
not very well . slides and film are mounted into templates and pushed through the machine , with only 1 '' wide area exposed for the light to pass through and provide the digital image . printed pictures of various sizes can also be processed by placing them on a glass plate like a conventional scanner . however i do n't think this would work using a negative .
40 cards and 40 envelopes !
no
i have not noticed any problems and i think the envelopes are of nice quality ! i have been very pleased and use these cards all of the time !
four cards each of ten different colors , forty envelopes , just as it says in the product description . they 're gorgeous ! vibrant colors !
yes ... i use my personal embosser on my gold seals ( metallic ) . i use 2 '' seals . because my embosser is that wide . i had inch and half also , but they were too small . what is the size of your embosser ?
yes , i think that will work perfect .
2 ''
14.5 '' tall ( 14 & 1 2 inches ) that is measuring up to that top bracket that looks like a handle on top .
yes
the bottom is about 9x12 inches . each tray holds 8.5 x 11 sheets of paper and then the edges are slanted up about a 1 4 to 1 2 inch on sides and front and back . the 4 lower trays have at least 1 inch clearance before the next tray . i teach and each tray probably hold more than 60 sheets of paper .
i also use mine to hold 8.5x11 sheets . the trays can hold an entire ream of paper ( tight fit ) . manilla folders just barely fit in the trays with the edges curling up a bit . i do n't have the item here to measure , but it 's approximately 1 foot tall and i 'm guessing the footprint is approximately 13x15 ?
it 's primarily my wife 's chair and she is 135 but i am 230 and if use it occasionally without problems . it seems to be a very good chair .
at the lowest setting the seat top is just over 14 '' from the floor .
the chair was a gift to someone so i 'm not sure . i do n't have the chair . i do know they love it .
not really , just a tiny bit . like if you were to just stretch and go back it 's got a little tilt . i have n't tried testing it because i do n't want to fall on my ass or break it lmao !
nope ... goes to about 191 2 to 20 '' inches high .
i assume you mean the five-legged base . it is 21 '' in diameter . the overall depth of the chair ( including the seatback ) is approximately 25 '' .
i do n't think so . there are tons of other models with arms . typically people choose this one in preference without arms .
packaging states 27 lbs .
metal
i do n't know what you mean by all the way out but they do open quite far . i bought this for my son and he is very pleased with the quality of the cabinet .
yes . specially if the cabinet has files in it
not really . they are of poor quality , light weigh . you would be well advised to go to something different .
yes itcan . but it isnt as easy as i would expect . my mom use it only because she dont have other better tools .
mine works on an older imac running mavericks ...
i bought it for my wife . i think it is compatible for both window 7 and 8. pen power is very useful and efficient . i recommend this for law school students . as for the quality , i give it a 6 10 because it does not work anymore . my wife only used it for less than a year .
i believe that you can . just download and install the software from the manufacturer 's web site instead of using the cd that come packaged with the product .
i do n't have an answer to your question . i have a mac not android . as for the actual usage , it serves the purpose . though it takes some practices in handling the pen in its angle while scanning .
it should . it worked for me into word . i returned the item however , not because of its functionality , but because it only can be installed on one computer .
yes , it has to be connected to either a pc or a mac ... it does not have any internal memory ...
it works with a mac ( i use it with my macbook pro ) , but i have n't tried using it with google docs yet
8.5x11 just like normal copy printer paper .
the paper is not very thick and seems to be rubberized , you should take this into account while working with it . if there are many fine detailes close enough to each other , it can stretch .
works great !
it prints like regular paper , both sides even . i printed os maps for archaeological purposes with high print settings on both sides of the paper .
7511-m is 8 1 2 x 11 inches
this paper is intended to be used with a fisher space pen .
the printer has a cutting system photo size , this means that if your photo or paper roll is 6 x 9 , the printer makes automatic cut to this size , so susecivamente with different paper sizes the pointer accepts .
yes this printer prints in differents sizes and photo id , but off course it depends the software that you are using .
no , the largest it can do is a 6 x 9. great photo printer !
no , this printer automatically cuts them off at 4x6 , but not strips .
you can download the driver from this linkhttp : www.solvusoft.com en update drivers photo-printer mitsubishi cp-9550dw sub-models let me know if you have any question
hi robin , we repair them not use them . sorry i ca n't be of more help concerning their usage .
i do n't understand the question . what is `` sise for printing pictures '' ?
make sure the slick side down and the bumpy side up .
this is the size of the mat . i put it on a wooden floor , and it slips and slides . my wife suggested that i put a rug underneath to prevent the slipping . i have not done that at this time .
slick surface to floor and grid to chair
yes , but it is opaque !
no , it has n't done that to my wood floors . just keeps the dust and dirt out ! hahaha
yes . it has a slightly tacky side on the bottom of the mat and a light marbled texture on the top . we have epoxy floors at work and they work great , stay in place , and have caused no discoloring .
yeah i am now barefoot and foot does n't slip , or it is hard to slip . i am getting another for my other room , great mat .
we have a limited number of black ink in stock at ubicon and you can buy them in amazon . the asin is b00juym9ry and the link to the listing is two check writer black ink rolls thank you for your interest in our product .
i personally never tried carbonio copies , but i think it should work finely . yes you can buy black and red ink
no , it does n't copy . for what it 's worth , it also barely prints .
i am so happy that i bought this printer . i got a terrific deal on it at staples ... $ 69.99 and it even came with the usb cable . it does n't tell you it does on the box so i was contemplating buying a usb cable but thought i might have one at home so did n't . upon unpacking from the box , found it already came with the usb ! nice surprise . the intial toner cartridge that comes with it , even if it is only for 750 pages , will last me quite awhile as i do n't print a whole lot or large , lengthy documents , but when i do , i want a good quality print . this machine delivers ! there is nothing like laser quality printing . imho , laser beats inkjet any day . staples also had a great price on a replacement cartridge for $ 62.99 ... .searched online thinking i could find it cheaper , but not so . set up is a breeze for this printer and i connected it to my home network . nice to sit at my laptop in the dining room and print to the printer in my second bedroom office . very happy with my purchase , especially at a price of $ 69.99 ! laser printer , with wireless networking for $ 70 . now that 's a deal ! i am so happy that i bought this printer . i got a terrific deal on it at staples ... $ 69.99 and it even came with the usb cable . it does n't tell you it does on the box so i was contemplating buying a usb cable but thought i might have one at home so did n't . upon unpacking from the box , found it already came with the usb ! nice surprise . the intial toner cartridge that comes with it , even if it is only for 750 pages , will last me quite awhile as i do n't print a whole lot or large , lengthy documents , but when i do , i want a good quality print . this machine delivers ! there is nothing like laser ... » read more i am so happy that i bought this printer . i got a terrific deal on it at staples ... $ 69.99 and it even came with the usb cable . it does n't tell you it does on the box so i was contemplating buying a usb cable but thought i might have one at home so did n't . upon unpacking from the box , found it already came with the usb ! nice surprise . the intial toner cartridge that comes with it , even if it is only for 750 pages , will last me quite awhile as i do n't print a whole lot or large , lengthy documents , but when i do , i want a good quality print . this machine delivers ! there is nothing like laser quality printing . imho , laser beats inkjet any day . staples also had a great price on a replacement cartridge for $ 62.99 ... .searched online thinking i could find it cheaper , but not so . set up is a breeze for this printer and i connected it to my home network . nice to sit at my laptop in the dining room and print to the printer in my second bedroom office . very happy with my purchase , especially at a price of $ 69.99 ! laser printer , with wireless networking for $ 70 . now that 's a deal ! « show less
black .
you are correct , this is a hard printer to deal with if you do n't already have the ip address . a couple things you might try . if you have access to your wireless router , and can log into it with a browser , there is usually a router page for attached devices . go there first . if it 's only your computer and the printer , your computer name will show up , and a 2nd address should show up . that would be the ip address for the 2525w . if you do n't have access to your router 's set-up , then you probably have to put the samsung install disk back in and re-install the driver . in that process , it will discover the wireless setting and set it up . you will see the ip address during that phase . the other alternative is to go on the samsung site , go to the support page for the printer , go to drivers and software , click on the software tab , and there is a software for specifically setting up the wireless . that should do it for you . good luck . you are correct , this is a hard printer to deal with if you do n't already have the ip address . a couple things you might try . if you have access to your wireless router , and can log into it with a browser , there is usually a router page for attached devices . go there first . if it 's only your computer and the printer , your computer name will show up , and a 2nd address should show up . that would be the ip address for the 2525w . if you do n't have access to your router 's set-up , then you probably have to put the samsung install disk back in and re-install the driver . in that process , it will ... » read more you are correct , this is a hard printer to deal with if you do n't already have the ip address . a couple things you might try . if you have access to your wireless router , and can log into it with a browser , there is usually a router page for attached devices . go there first . if it 's only your computer and the printer , your computer name will show up , and a 2nd address should show up . that would be the ip address for the 2525w . if you do n't have access to your router 's set-up , then you probably have to put the samsung install disk back in and re-install the driver . in that process , it will discover the wireless setting and set it up . you will see the ip address during that phase . the other alternative is to go on the samsung site , go to the support page for the printer , go to drivers and software , click on the software tab , and there is a software for specifically setting up the wireless . that should do it for you . good luck . « show less
i would love to know the answer to this too , if anyone knows !
yes they do .
no . i am actually very happy with this file cabinets ! i read all the reviews and was really scared actually to purchase it but i figured with the majority of the people loving it versus the people hating it i took the chance . when i got home and put it altogether , which it was n't as bad as people were saying if you have half a brain , it is beautiful and i 'm very happy about it !
it does not .
i pull the top draw out a bit then the bottom slides open . hop that helps .
no
i have used letter and legal size folders in my file cabinet , however the drawers are not deep enough for a 12 x 12 folder .
29.5 tall x 33.5 wide x 23.5 deep
no , there is no lock installed . i would think you could order a tumble lock and drill and install in the top drawer if you needed that security . prime-line products u 9943 drawer & cabinet lock with 3 cams , 3 4-inch diameter , stainless steel face
never had a problem with that .
the ring is 3 4 '' tubing and the top of the ring is just over 11 '' from the floor . this is an outstanding stool ! it surpassed every hope i had for it . it takes some tweaking and trial , because it is so adjustable . but once you get it to your liking , it 's hard to get off of . it is addictive !
seems like this should be part of any description , do n't you think ? anyway , as i measure , the range is 22.5 '' to 27.5 ''
yes - the arms are non marking . the material does not rub off onto anything .
no
yes it swivels , it 's a great chair
according to boss 's website the capacity is 250lbs .
i sit at an architects drawing table that is at standing height . it has so many adjustments that you are bound to find a combination of settings that are just right for you . the one concern i had was for stability when leaning clear back - not to worry . it has five legs rollers and it is very sturdy . i feel like i could jump on it ( i really have n't tried it ! no sense pushing your luck ) and it would stand the abuse . i absolutely love mine .
no , i 'm afraid not . they 're just regular chair casters .
yes they are high yield cartridges i will repurchase this product again
the products are crap and do not work . they said they 'd work in my printer but they did not . when i sought help from their tech support they said . so sad too bad . my best answer is do not buy this crap ,
25 pack brother compatible lc 61 10 -black 5 cyan 5 magenta 5 yellow ink sold by carlos imaging works great
they 're ready to use as is . like ( i think ) i said though , it just took 3 or 4 printer clean cycles for them to work right ( which , as i also said , might or might not have been due to the fact that the printer had been unused for quite sometime ) . it 's been several months now and they still work fine and seem to be lasting longer than the originals . i probably sound like a rep for the company that puts these out but , believe me , if i find something like this that works well for a fraction of the price , i am very happy !
i have a mfc-j410w printer and i also use lc61 ink . i bought these cartridges from amazon and i am extremely happy with it . i was a little puzzled at first as how to remove the clear case , i could not get it off , and realized it does n't come off , i finally put a hole in the covered opening with a pencil , removed the sticky tab that was on the side of the cartridge , inserted it in my printer and it worked like a charm . that was the black ink , since then i have also inserted the cyan and magenta , and they both work great . no problems , started working immediately . i am a happy camper !
i have a mfc-j270w and they work fine . i can not say if they will fit your printer
yes the ink ... it is a great buy ! and works perfectly .
yes . they do come presharpened
yes
hex type pencils . very good ! and they sharpen nicely -- lead does n't break .
apparently california considers sawdust a prop 65 violation . pencils made of wood are made in a factory where there is bound to be sawdust , i imagine . that 's the best answer i have for you . i think these pencils are great , so i really think it 's a bit extreme to carry a warning . my guess is the warning is necessary because of the ca law . weird .
i did n't notice any , but i would n't doubt .
the factory is in jersey city , nj .
dixon ticonderogas are pretty good . i buy them for my kids . they are the minimum quality pencil i will use if i have a choice . but i always reach for my generals first and i save them for me since they do cost more and my kids do not appreciate the aesthetic pleasures of writing with a top quality pencil . i say dixons are fine for the kids , but get generals for yourself . especially if you do extensive writing note taking in pencil . worth every penny . and general 's is not paying me . ( but if they 're listening i would n't turn down a free box thrown my way . hint . )
12 .
yes . i 've found this is usually because the cartridge is not seated properly in the clip . the rubber sometimes does n't seal completely around the bottom of the cartridge so you have to wiggle and fool around with it to get it to seal .
yes , they use the same cartridges 74 and 75 ... good luck
this is an absolutely true statement . i have refilled my cartridges four times and still have over half of the product left . there is one minor downfall that i have noticed -- you need to have two of each cartridge in order for the printer to 'know ' how much in is in it . do not let them dry out or you will have to start over with new ones . all-in-all , i am very pleased with this purchase and it is a great value .
yes the software disc thay comes with allows you to pick sizes from as small as an employees id pic to about a full size piece of paper ... it also allows you to select the quality of.paper you will be printing on to help get you the best quality ... hope that helped you out .
it can only fit 8.5 '' width pages .
about 10 lbs - 4 1 2 h - 9 3 4 w - 17 1 2 l
it sure is , good luck .
color : cl-211xl , black : pg-210xl
the quality is as good as any other printer . i find that the quality of my pictures is as good and sometimes better than the kodak 5500 all-in-one printer i use at times .
i was able to make at least 5 , but that 's all the photo paper i had so far . i 've been printing probably 10 regular pages every two weeks or so and i 've had the printer a couple of months and from what i can tell there is still enough ink .
yes - it 's the best
the plug is for standard us 110-120 60hz ac . it 's available for shipping outside the us so it should have the 220-240 50hz capability also . you would just need an adapter .
mine came in with 4 sensor cleaning swabs and i have n't use them yet . i have no idea where i can purchase a replacement cleaning swab .
i do n't believe it does .
hi jan , the pandigital 5x7in . scanner is not a slide scanner . it only does photos . the 4x6 version i believe does have a slide negative setting ( panscn05 ) , but i am uncertain whether the mounting must be removed prior to scanning as i do not have that one . there is another pandigital slide negative scanner ( panscn03 ) that is specially made for these and i believe you do not have to remove the mounting for that .
i got them in the box , and i do n't know if you can get them separately . it is not a very good product anyway . jc
press the resolution button and when the roller starts feed the cleaning sheet in . it will eject when the cleaning cycle is over . this cleans the roller . the sheet can be cleaned by gently wiping it.to clean image sensor a cleaning tab is included . insert it fully and move it side to side several times.the above have solved any issues i have had with spots or lines on photos .
you can scan anyway , but two things might happen : it might damage your photo if it is slightly curled , plus i can imagine that the ink on the photo might gum up your scanner faster than if you used a sleeve . are you sure you did n't get a sleeve ? it 's got a black back and clear front on it . i would call the company and ask them for one if one was n't in the box . this way , your machine will stay cleaner inside .
yes . it comes with a usb cable so you can connect directly into your computer .
sort of , it should look like a usb disk drive . but the `` save to computer '' software is windows only . i do n't have a mac , but when i plug in the usb , it looks like a 1gb drive , that 's the capacity of the sd card that came with it .
yes one shell as shown , with drawers and rails for hanging folders . screw on drawer handles ; simple task . wheels are to be installed ' , not difficult - only awkward . wheels not sturdy . one came loose after installation . does n't matter to me since it is on carpet and in a fixed location .
yes . the metal frame is sturdy . i still have no complaints . this item was a great purchase .
both drawers lock with the one lock and key . however you can force open the drawers easily . if you are looking a secure lock this not your choice . the lock is mostly for show it will keep little children out but it easy to force open the drawers .
it 's made of metal .
black .
they are not even attached & i see no way of attaching them !
i had them screwed in by electric screw driver which may have carved a more stable connection .
i have had no issue with this . the unit is stable whether the bottom or top drawer is open . its low profile and depth seem to keep it stable .
25 ''
28.5 inches high , 25 inches deep and 15 inches wide .
exactly 281 2 inches
a hair over 12 '' inside . the upper edges of the drawer are exactly 12 '' apart . i would think you are ok .
29 inches
yes , but not separately . one key locks them both .
not exactly heavy-duty & we do n't use the locks . functional for our purposes , but my husband suggests you spend a little more & get something better .
the one i purchased is grey .
just have to put the wheels on it . the holes were drilled , the pieces in a bag in the drawer , and they pop in with little or no effort .
this is a metal filing cabinet . it 's the same sturdy metal from which they make office-quality filing cabinets .
mostly . i just needed to attach handles and wheels
there are rails ok
dull silver
yes , you can hang folders in the drawers without purchasing any other accessories . the drawers are designed in such a way that folders hang directly as they should right on the drawer ridge provided for that purpose . this is a good little filing cabinet !
yes they both lock
when fully open 5 '' of drawer remains inside the cabinet . i just measured it .
just one drawer - the top opens in the middle and is just a shelf for storage - nice tho
there is only one file drawer , not two , and yes it is .
the bottom shelf is a thin composite , not made to carry weight . the bottom drawer is only useful for hanging files .
sorry , no key lock for security .
if you put it together well , i think it could hold that . i do n't have anything too heavy on it , but it seems pretty sturdy . fyi - putting it together takes a long time and the box is very very heavy !
it has actual backboards .
it 's removable !
the cart is just under 2 feet tall . a little short for my taste but i do use this cart every day and it fits out of the way easily .
my cart is totally full of pendaflexes , folders and paper , plus i am guilty of stacking items on top of it temporarily , such as books , my laptop , or such . supporting the weight has been no problem . it is quite sturdy .
no - you will not be able to close the lid . with standard pend-a-flex it works fine . philof course our papers are generally 8x11 and lie on their side in the pend-a-flex
with legs - approx 15 x 18 x 25. not high at all . if you are standing , not good for the back ; however if you are sitting , it will be okay if you are filing .
yes , the cart has to be assembled but my husband did it and he said it was really simple . he had it together in nothing flat .
the folder rails are not `` locked '' in place , however for the money , this is truly a perfect `` active '' file holder . the hanging files have to be `` jarred '' in some way to come off the rails . i discovered these on a fluke and have bought them for both companies , and i really love them . i keep my active vendors , employees , and payroll ... etc in these . at the end of the work day , they roll right under our printer workstation tables .
no . not enough room . on 7 in . clearance .
i own an esp7 , but i do have a friend with the hero 7.1 and he uses the 10c or xl black exclusively . we usually purchase the black color combo pack , as opposed to buying the individual cartridges . no after market cartridges have worked as well for either one of us . so i would recommend it for your hero .
my experience is that this cartridge clogged my printhead when the machine is operating otherwise normal , i will not purchase it again .
7 - 7.5 inches .
it is not said when ordering looks like a regular step stool in the picture , very disappointed
9 inches
the one i purchased is 9x7x7 '' measured at the platform , not the base . it is too small and i would not recommend it unless amazon is now selling the larger size .
jason . looked at the stool and can not find any label or stamp with country of manufacture . sorry i could not be of more help .
the part you step on is 10.75 '' x 8.25 '' and the elevation is 7 inches . the legs are slightly angled out to prevent tipping over .
it says 200 on the side . i am 250 and use it . it is small so be careful .
i ca n't remember the color of the picture , but the one i received was gray . that 's actually the color i wanted .
well as all things it depends . however , an average file of 20 to 30 pages , i 'd say i keep 40 or 50 files in it .
i just measured the inside , yes you will be able to . with no problem ! i really like this item , good luck .
yes . they fit snugly , so you need n't worry about them falling off ; however , if you want to remove them , a firm tug will dislodge the wheels . i love mine , for what it 's worth .
it should fit : mine is 12.5 high , 14 w and 18 w ( each a bit less than noted here . ) .
i 'm a mortgsge underwriter so i keep all files in this case . you can adjust to letter or legal size and the rollers make it easy to move . great buy .
all you have to do is pop the wheels on . easy as that .
do you have a phone cord that could connect to the phone ? then it should work .
hello , of course if you have both .
i don´t know , i live in brazil .
we have this unit and although we do use the answering machine , it also receives voice mails and lets you know when a voice mail is waiting . the voice mail notice is in the caller id area- you only have to glance at the phone to see it , and then go about retrieving it as usual . good luck in your search for the right system .
yes . that is how i use it .
page number 23 in the user manual states ... `` privacy mode : when the privacy mode is `` on '' , the unitprevents other users from joining yourconversations with outside callers . toallow other users to join yourconversations ( call share ) , leave thisfeature off . the default setting is `` off '' . `` [ ... ] '' when the privacy mode is turnedon , a [ prv ] icon is displayed on the screen during anoutside call . ''
just 110v . you need a special adapter for 220v .
yes it is . we have had it connected to iphone 4 , 4s and now iphone 5. works well .
no idea on that , can not give answer .
transfer it to hotmail or gmailfrom there you can get it to your cell phoneblue tooth it from cell to panasonic
i only have one cell linked so not sure on that but i do know you can set it so each cell rings on separate handsets or all . i absolutely love it . i just recently got rid of my home phone and it still works !
not sure standard amazon 60 days ? panasonic 1 year ? the system is very good all panasonic systems have been better than others
if your other device has the ability to connect to two devices at one time it can connect or in some devices if order is defined which it should look for first that works
sorry , alan , but , i quit using my hp printer and purchased a canon . too many issues with the hp . plus , it goes through ink like water . i wo n't be buying an hp product anytime soon , if ever .
i believe comes with a starter cartridge ; is compatible with my mac os 10. but - i do not recommend this printer . it jams more than it prints .
reboot , and if it still does not come on , contact hp about this problem .
901 sam 's club has the xl in their brand at an affordable price .
i was extremely unhappy with my hp4500 . i have xp home edition and i kept losing the network . worse is the way it goes through ink .
you have to go to the printer settings and select print in grayscale or black only . there 's a setting to do that in the printer settings under preferences . if you need additional help , visit hp.com support and type in the printer model and find the manual or you can call and ask hp also .
it probably depends on seller . my printer did come with all needed cables .
the one we purchased is beige -luck ... i do n't know , but it was our preference .
filler has the feel of styrene beads . it molds reasonably well to books and ipad - my use almost exclusively .
the one we have is a tan or khaki color .
huh ?
the one i have is 5 1 2 '' h x 10 '' d x 14 1 2 '' w. however , it has the name `` oscar '' on it and it has three drawers . i ca n't tell by looking at this pic if it 's the same or not .
the top two are 1 '' deep . bottom is 2 '' deep
there are three drawers : two top drawers @ 1 and 1 8 inches each and a bottom drawer which is about 2 inches deep . i 'm very happy with the 3 stands i have .
yes .
it will go off all by itself after a short time . it is solar , so no worries about a battery running down .
curved at the top .
yes
yes
no attachments of any sort - just a calculator .
i do n't believe there is a fix .
it is my understanding battery is included . it requires very little light to operate , so you do not even need a battery . my calculator works fine with a fluorescent desk light as a light source . just checked and calculator works in the dark as well , so battery is included . do not recommend attempting to change battery . your calculator will last a very long time without the battery . only need battery power if you do not have enough light . if you still insist on messing with battery , very small screws on located on back .
yes
it will turn off automatically after five or ten minutes untouched
plastic
yes , it does . with a cover .
it works like any other calculator . go on google and type in calculator instructions .
that plus it is a calculator as well . i am very pleased . it is big , hefty and easy to use .
the calculator is 4 5 8 x 2 3 4 inches . that 's four and five eights inches by two and three fourths inches
i think it 's irrelevant to know who does the narration ; however , i can tell you that its an excellent device for those who travel a lot . good quality , good sound . excellent price .
i really do n't know how . i just listen while this electronic audio bible reads to me . thank you
a power cord .
it is both . takes 2 aaa batteries for portable usage . can also be used with power cord to save batteries .
yes , it will . i have several lead holders and all get sharpened very nicely . there are small holes with blades on the sides of the sharpener just for that .
all the blades on the sharpener are removable , but the sharpener did n't come with any replacement blades . the manufacturer may have a bundle deal where they offer extra blades with purchase . in my opinion the sharpener is built sturdy and holds up very well , and i do n't foresee it ever needing a replacement blade .
you are correct . the body itself is plastic . only the blades are metal .
it is plastic .
not that i know of . when i first got the sharpener the cover was so tight i had to use a screwdriver to pop it open . fortunately i opened it from the hole side , so i did n't break the hinge.it looks like the hinge is some sort of flexible plastic and not a pivot like it should be . this part is designed to fail.if i rated it again i would take off a star because of this design flaw .
you need a memory card . plug the projector into your computer 's usb port ; it should find the card and allow you to transfer from there .
it is not battery powered it is mains ac , i connect it via usb to to the 10w usb power adaptor that i use for my i- pad2 . the adaptor is 100-240v - 0.45a . output of adaptor -5.1v @ 2.1a , this works very well . i have also connected it to my acer notebook via usb and that also works very well ( the usb connecting lead and a power adaptor are included with the scanner as a standard accessory ) ... ..hope this helps .
the omni scan only scans film and slides , not prints . if you are going to try to scan 4x6 prints , the omni scan stand alone will not work for you .
yes , we have scanned everything from 5x7 all the way down to wallet size photos and slides . worked great so far .
i do n't have the answer for that . i have done a lot of 35mm slides and a few pictures with the ion sd photo machine and it works great . i do n't have any superslides that are 40mm so i ca n't answer that question either . i was able to put old pictures on an sd card and also on my computer . i am very happy with the results i got from this . i would buy it again .
photos are scanned one-by-one , you need to put them into a holder that is provided to keep them flat . slide holder has room for 4 slides and the 35mm film holder holds the 6 negatives ( like they come back from being developed . the long part is getting the negative into the holder and feeding it into the unit . once you do that the scan part if fast -less than a second ( scan , view the image , hit save , slide to the next negative , etc . i usually did a role or two and then transferred them to my pc .
hi . they vary , but one example was 3900x2600 . i hope that helps .
yes it should but with anything that is to full it might tilt ... it would need to be balanced with items inside . but it is a strong sturdy caddy and the seat is sturdy also ... i enjoy mine..good luck
it 's made of steel for the money you ca n't beat it .
i gave it to my mom as a gift but i 'm pretty sure you can push it . you ca n't lean on it though like a walker .
the weight is 10 lbs and the wheels are 8 ''
yes . maybe not quite as good as a shopping cart , due to it 's smaller size , but definitely an aid .
bag is durable . however you ca n't push it forward easily if you have mobility stabity problems . i end up dragging it behind me . like the seat though . do n't know the dimensions of the bag -- sorry .
it will hold about 1 1 2 bags of groceries ( the large paper kind ) . yes it would hold a load of laundry , maybe more if you stuff it tight .
the seat dimension between the bars is approx . 14 inches . i have a large bottom , and found that the seat accommodated me just fine with maybe a little hangover . this seat will support 200 to 250 lbs . like the description says .
according to the specifications : `` sturdy frame supports 250 lbs . ''
as long as it fits in the over head bin there should not be any issues . dimensions : 23 '' l x 19 '' w x 39 '' hfolded width : 4 ''
http : www.fixya.com support p4899677-cobra_digital_dps1200_hd_tri_image_scann # manuals-section
i think i saved them to the memory card and then dragged them onto the macbook hd . seems to me that there was a cable that was supposed to let you go directly from the scanner to your laptop but it only worked if you had a pc .
as i recall , the holders handle only 35mm and 4x6 . the device is in storage so i ca n't check .
the top on is only the photo being inserted . i would n't buy this product again - there is no way to extract a photo if it falls off the tray which can happen if the photos are n't perfectly sized . the quality of the scans was pretty good but i was hoping for something faster than a flatbed and this definitely is not by the time you insert the photo , run it through etc .
yes but cobra does not provide editing software , so you will have to save the image then edit later with another program .
yes , i did . in my first house with it , i cut the wire in the basement , bought a phone outlet and wired it . then plugged adapter into it . puts phones in all house jacks . perfect for that and do not have to have connected to computer , just internet . for second house , they had an open plug so just plugged it in to wire .
yes , any regular phone with rj11 modular plug . if it works with traditional phone lines , it should work with phone power adapter .
the package has the device you connect your phone to ( i believe grandstream ht-502 ) . yes you will have a monthly charge , you will have to pay phonepower about $ 258.86 for 2 years of service . also , you will have to pay taxes for the 'free ' year , which i 'm guessing another $ 58.86 ( so maybe $ 317 for 2 years of service ) .
i have not personally but i remember a friend saying he had taken his to india . i will inquire of my friend in mallorca .
you can test your connection at http : www.phonepower.com speedtest and the site will let you know if your connection will support voip .
good question . i 'd say 1000lbs at least . it is that very hard plastic fiberglass type material .
i have 60 pounds on my cart and it 's very stable . it would handle much more .
39 inches tall
the color is black and the height of the wheels are approx . five inches in height .
i 'm not aware of any adjustments . and there 's no way a 5 gallon bucket will fit .
yes they can . it 's just basic pvc pipe . cut to desired height and install as normal .
possibly . the type that covers a large gas grill might work . i have no idea if a cover was offered with this cart . but the cart is great . we 've used it for multiple purposes .
that is wrong . there is n't 26 '' inches between shelves . i just went to garage and measured my cart . the opening between shelves from the outside edge to inside edge is exactly a foot . the cart itself , with added height for the wheels , is about 40 '' . it 's a terrific cart , and it has served several purposes for us . hope this helps .
the actual name is ce278a or ce278d ( dual pack ) which will work on your printer .
my lexmark e250dn laser printer provides a yield of 3500 pages at about the same cost per toner cartridge , using genuine lexmark cartridges from amazon . thus , hp toner costs about twice that of lexmark . the url for the lexmark cartridge is below : lexmark e250 e350 e352 return program toner cartridge-3.5kfor another $ 100 for a more expensive but similar lexmark printer , the per page toner cost would go down about another factor of two . in other words , the more you pay up front , the more you save in toner costs with lexmark printers . i 'm not sure if hp does this with their printers but this should be simple to find out . toner costs add up quite rapidly over the course of a year , even at my low ( 7000 pages per year ) printer volume . of course , one has to add in cost of the paper , but a duplitized ( prints on both sides of the page ) printer cuts the paper costs in half . my lexmark e250dn laser printer provides a yield of 3500 pages at about the same cost per toner cartridge , using genuine lexmark cartridges from amazon . thus , hp toner costs about twice that of lexmark . the url for the lexmark cartridge is below : lexmark e250 e350 e352 return program toner cartridge-3.5kfor another $ 100 for a more expensive but similar lexmark printer , the per page toner cost would go down about another factor of two . in other words , the more you pay up front , the more you save in toner costs ... » read more my lexmark e250dn laser printer provides a yield of 3500 pages at about the same cost per toner cartridge , using genuine lexmark cartridges from amazon . thus , hp toner costs about twice that of lexmark . the url for the lexmark cartridge is below : lexmark e250 e350 e352 return program toner cartridge-3.5kfor another $ 100 for a more expensive but similar lexmark printer , the per page toner cost would go down about another factor of two . in other words , the more you pay up front , the more you save in toner costs with lexmark printers . i 'm not sure if hp does this with their printers but this should be simple to find out . toner costs add up quite rapidly over the course of a year , even at my low ( 7000 pages per year ) printer volume . of course , one has to add in cost of the paper , but a duplitized ( prints on both sides of the page ) printer cuts the paper costs in half . « show less
this is an original hp brand and it works very good .
the box for the 78a i received has no expiration date printed on it .
hp ce278a ( aka 78a ) , black . work w hp laserjet pro p1606dn and hp laserjet pro m1536dnf multifunction printer . i have both printers , only one type of toner needed . very convenient .
there is a small rectangular piece that protrudes from the top of the handle . press down firmly on the rectangle while pulling up on the handle at the same time . the full length of the handle will telescope out and lock into place . to put the handle away , press on the rectangular piece while pushing down on the handle .
i would n't think so . mine broke taking it down stairs without picking it up .
i do not think so .
the soft rubber wheels are coming apart , breaking after just 3 loads less than 60 pounds per . bazic use to have hard rubber wheels which last a lot , lot longer . the item is a bit smaller than advertised . very disappointed with this new model .
sorry we are unable to deliver items on same day . orders are shipped with standard method and deliver in 2-5 days .
i would n't . it 's plastic . it has a decent weight capacity , but i 'm not sure i 'd chance it .
it 's a bit under 14 '' x14 '' . the 17 '' will definitely not lie flat .
no . i bought just one and returned it upon receipt , as it was already broken .
to be honest i am not positive . sorry
it 's 25 record mailers , each holding up to three or four lps ( depending on how much , if any , extra protection you add in the form of bubble wrap or cardboard ) . i mostly use them to ship one individual lp , with bubble wrap between each side for added protection . these make excellent record mailers !
max number of album lp 's i 've ever shipped mailed in one package is two . might have squeezed in 3 albums if slim single albums covers . any more , you may need larger record box mailer or just ship more separate mailer boxes if boxed set has more than that .
that 's all i 've use it with . and no , the sound quality is fantastic . i was frustrated for years with cheaper products . i went ahead and spent the money on this , and it was well worth it !
it does not work with a cordless phone .
i have been using this device for several months . the `` quicktap '' essentially contains a simple transformer with no amplifier . it 's purpose is to match a telephone handset with a mic input like that of a cassette machine . it works well with a 'standard ' landline phone . however , it usually does n't work so well with non-standard setups and you may wind up with some buzz or hum .
i do n't think so . here is a page from the manual : the output jack provides a mix of both sidesof the conversation . in other words , whateveryou send down the phone line will come backon this jack mixed with the audio from the otherside of the call.two adapter cables are supplied with thequicktap . one cable has 1 8 '' mono connectorson each end . this cable can be used toconnect quicktap to the line input on somepowered speakers.the second cord has a 1 8 '' stereo plug on oneend and an rca mono plug on the other end.the rca plug is wired to the tip or left channelof the stereo plug . the ring or right channel isnot connected . use this cable to connectquicktap to powered speakers or amplifiersequipped with rca jacks . i do n't think so . here is a page from the manual : the output jack provides a mix of both sidesof the conversation . in other words , whateveryou send down the phone line will come backon this jack mixed with the audio from the otherside of the call.two adapter cables are supplied with thequicktap . one cable has 1 8 '' mono connectorson each end . this cable can be used toconnect quicktap to the line input on somepowered speakers.the second cord has a 1 8 '' stereo plug on oneend and an rca mono plug on the other ... » read more i do n't think so . here is a page from the manual : the output jack provides a mix of both sidesof the conversation . in other words , whateveryou send down the phone line will come backon this jack mixed with the audio from the otherside of the call.two adapter cables are supplied with thequicktap . one cable has 1 8 '' mono connectorson each end . this cable can be used toconnect quicktap to the line input on somepowered speakers.the second cord has a 1 8 '' stereo plug on oneend and an rca mono plug on the other end.the rca plug is wired to the tip or left channelof the stereo plug . the ring or right channel isnot connected . use this cable to connectquicktap to powered speakers or amplifiersequipped with rca jacks . « show less
yes , it can . i had not done this personally , so i set up a test . i have a dell inspiron laptop running windows 7. the only difference with the quicktap setup was that instead of connecting the `` audio from phone '' cable into a tape or digital recorder , i connected to the microphone port on my laptop . i used windows sound recorder , which came with windows 7. it worked perfectly . on stopping the recording , i just had to give it a title and it was saved to my documents as a .wma file .
to the best of my knowledge that would not work .
no .
yes , the phones work for conference calls . i have used the consistently for conference calls without issue .
yes
yes , great phones .
the basic system can support 16 phones . however since it only has 4 physical ports to connect your phones , you will need the splitter adapter you see offered with the system . each physical port can support 4 phones for a total of 16 using the adapters . one thing to keep in mind ; there is a limit to the combined total length of the wires used to connect your phones .
great question , i own these phones & i love them ! however , it does have a weird hold music , i 'm sure i can change ... i just have n't had the time to look into it .
january
soft cover
no tabs for the months .
sorry , but i can not find this information on the product .
it 's bigger than the size of an envelope letter - without factoring in the rim spirals on the side , it 's about half an inch to one inch taller than a dvd case . i 'll upload a picture so you can see the approximate size ( click customer images ) .
yes there is a section for addresses and phone numbers
yes
nor mine . it 's infrequent and the instructions on how to set the clock are impossible to understand . clearly translated from another language to english .
sadly no it is not , there 's no mounts in the back and no hook for the phone to hang on .
i 'm on a fios line with verizon , and mine works fine in full duplex . i also have an at # t multiline phone and it has no problems either . who is your carrier ? perhaps you should contact them , perhaps its the echo suppression technology in place that is causing the loss of exerpts ?
no , sorry . mine does n't have any .
yes
no , just thin cardboard .
the ones i got this year are $ 14.95 vs $ 12.95 - and they do have the extra notes page between . i accidentally got the ones without last year ( trying to save $ $ ) . if you look to the left of the picture on the order page , you can click on the different pages and see that there are blank pages . hope this helps .
two pages between each week & two pages between each month .
i do n't know exactly since i sent it as a gift last christmas but approx . 9 x 5.5
the weekly pages follow the specific month ( i.e . january weekly follow the january monthly . i believe it is 5 x 8. it also has a nice little pocket on both the inside front & back covers . i love this calendar ! i did buy some little tabs to label each month so it 's easy to locate the month you are looking for quickly .
according to the box it does work with the envy 4502 .
one cartridge with three colors .
it means hewlett packard made this item . it 's not a fake or refurbished item . it 's always better to get original items , so that your printer can function properly & recognize the ink when it 's inserted .
i 'm not sure . i have a hp deskjet 30 -- print , scan and copy . it works well for me .
sorry ... no idea . i do n't stock up a whole bunch . i have one in the printer and one extra of each in the drawer . when i put the extra one in , i order another . i did have a problem with an amazon purchase where a new one did n't work . ended up going to hp , etc . they verified it was the cartridge and the amazon supplier refunded my money even though it was past the 60 days . it had been in the drawer . hp even sent me a prepaid mailer to send it back to them to check it out . good luck
hello , the cartridge box does n't say it fits that print . that 's hp 93 , i believe
no - it does not have jack for headphones .
i have two phone numbers and have never done this , but you can call the phone to hear the voice messages .
it should work with a headset i use it all the time conected to my cel phone hope this helps
you can buy a 2nd cordless handset by this link : motorola dect 6.0 corded base phone with cordless handset , digital answering system and bluetooth l512cbt
wall mountable , yes . illuminated , no . and the buttons on the handsets are really really small .
yes it does have speaker phone on both.the buttons are unique in that they are not separate buttons . more like flat surface with press-ability.takes some getting used to.the remote handset is on the small side of average , does n't hold btwn my shoulder & ear well at all.not my favorite phone , but functional .
without power , the master wall unit will function as a phone but wo n't support the wireless part of it.so yes , you have to plug the base in but also yes , you can still make phone calls during a power outage but only with the base unit .
about waist high . the cart is sturdy and wheels around the kitchen very nicely . you 'll love it .
no the shelves are barely 25 '' also the wheels are plastic which may be noisy on some floors
yes there is . on one side , the lip is higher than the other side . the lower lip is short but its there .
i believe they are permanent .
i believe it states in the description and i believe it was around 80 pounds . certainly not a choice for constant heavy weights .
flat and smooth
hard , molded plastic - very sturdy . a little difficult to put together - my husband had to do it .
yes you can , it works well on all surfaces . we use it in the office everyday and we have carpet .
yes , it does regular time . there 's a setting in there somewhere for you to change it from the 24 hour format . the instructions are in the owner 's manual .
it probably wo n't work more than a week so do n't bother
make sure you set your start time at 12:01am
just look under the time clock section ; find which one you bought ; they will have underneath the items that `` people most usually buy with it '' and there will be your time clock cards .
no , if your looking for a full feature time machine that would do that i would suggest an electronic one .
yes they are . thank you !
yes , mine came with 4. i clean them with rubbing alcohol and reuse with no problems .
i do n't understand the question . i have had good results with my color ink refill kit and recommend it . is there a specific question you would like help with ?
yes , it works perfectly .
i 'm not sure without knowing what type of ink cartridge your printer uses . the instructions with this one says : hp 60 , 300 ( cc640w ) , 901 ( cc653a ) , samsung m160 , hp 60xl , 300xl ( cc641w ) , 901xl cc654a . i hope this helps .
in all honesty i ca n't say whether it would work for your cartridge as the cartridge in question is not on the list of cartridges that can be refilled with this product . i would contact the company and ask them . sorry i could n't answer that .
yes
yes according to the box , it is good for photosmart c4680 . i have used this kit and it worked well .
yes it will , this the refill kit i use for this model printer
hi ... it should work , there may be a slight variation in color , but there are only 3 main colors ... red , yellow , blue if that is all the colors that work in ur cartridge then fine ... check with the refill manufacturer to see if it works with ur cartridge ... ... i have used these kits on dell , lexmark , hp ... ... ..seems to work ... good luck !
in my opion its quiet . scale 1-10 6.5
uses ink
i dont own this printer but one of the reviewers specifically said that it will work with the iphone ... and the product info says it works with iphone ipad ipod touch .
comes with two ink cartridges ( black white and color ) . usb cable is not included . you must buy it separately .
yes . they are readily available . printer works as advertised .
incredible to say the least . i found some of my parents ' b &w; negatives from the 1940s and was able to make pictures that surpassed the originals they had in their albums . just take your time and try the various settings for optimum results .
does this also mean it works with an imac ( 27 '' monitor ) with mac os-x lion ?
no . i tried some old film from the early 1960 's ( similar to 35mm ) on the 120mm film frame and it did n't work . what i did do was just put it on the regular glass ( with the protective cover in place ) and scanned it as a color photo . oddly enough , it worked ! if you already have this scanner , you might consider trying that . best of luck .
4800 is the highest that i 've been able to find on the mp navigator application that came with it . i also did a search in the help section to see if 9600 came up ; it did n't . if 9600 is available , i have n't been able to find out how to get it .
yes . it comes with negative and slide holders . have not scanned either so get answer to their effectiveness .
yes . i am using a 17 '' macbookpro running 10.8.2 i have no problems
i returned it , my scanner did n't fit .
hellotoday , yes `` annella '' the `` vupoint '' scanner is perfect for picture scanning even right out of a magazine or a book ! this scanner really comes in handy when you are out and you come across a very good recipe that you just ca n't pass up or a friend shows you a snap shot of the both of you when you were in elementry school and you just have to have a copy of it right away , i use my scanner all the time and then download into my pc i found the hard case also at amazon.com so it keeps my vupoint protected all the time , i would recommend this scanner as a good buy , i hope this helps , the divinefairy , 08 05 2013 hellotoday , yes `` annella '' the `` vupoint '' scanner is perfect for picture scanning even right out of a magazine or a book ! this scanner really comes in handy when you are out and you come across a very good recipe that you just ca n't pass up or a friend shows you a snap shot of the both of you when you were in elementry school and you just have to have a copy of it right away , i use my scanner all the time and then download into my pc i found the hard case also at amazon.com so it keeps my vupoint protected all the time , i would recommend this scanner as a good buy , i hope ... » read more hellotoday , yes `` annella '' the `` vupoint '' scanner is perfect for picture scanning even right out of a magazine or a book ! this scanner really comes in handy when you are out and you come across a very good recipe that you just ca n't pass up or a friend shows you a snap shot of the both of you when you were in elementry school and you just have to have a copy of it right away , i use my scanner all the time and then download into my pc i found the hard case also at amazon.com so it keeps my vupoint protected all the time , i would recommend this scanner as a good buy , i hope this helps , the divinefairy , 08 05 2013 « show less
when i first received the case i did n't think it was going to fit but it did . it 's tight but it fits well .
i have the ps4100 and it fits perfectly . not sure about yours , but if you can find spec sizes on the two , maybe they are the same size since they are similar item ?
i have that magic wand scanner , and it fit in the case perfect . i love it . ( just letting you know , i 'm not the seller ) .
yes it will . i have really enjoyed my scanner . very easy to take with you in this case
the 470 is 1 2 inch too long to fit inside the case .
it takes a little practice then its as good as a scon on a desk top machine good luck
no wifi . do n't need it . it is a self contained unit . operates off of batteries .
yes and there is a compartment for the cord .
yes , small magnets will stick to the boards . the dry erase marker has a magnet on the end so it sticks to the board , and i also use the small push pin magnets and they stick to it very well .
they are magnets but i assume any thing sticky void be used the pen has dried out fast
the entire back of the board is magneticnot very strong magnets , but it holds fine
i use them on my fridge , its a dry erase board not a notepad . the magnet is very strong and sticks fine . i love these and have had them for several years . i use them for my grocery and walmart lists
we print on them and use them for labeling cleaning products that we sell at my job . i 'm not sure the thickness , but i do not believe they would be thick enough to use on a vinyl plotter . they work great for what we use them for , but are not rigid .
they are white , these are laser labels , they wont run and wont tear , i use them for helmets and stuff
i use these labels on metal enclosures that are indoor and they hold pretty well considering 100° temperatures .
are you printing on a laser printer ?
yes , it 's just to make removing the backing easier .
not a good choice for that . they are self adhesive labels . not window clings .
i have witbout any issues
a usb cable to transfer data to computer ( remember this will not help to charge or do online scanning from computer ) a software cd for text recognition . 2 aa batteries . once pouch ( thin cloth ) . and documentation .
yes , the memorie came with it !
yes , you just have to make sure you hold the item still . it works great .
i just loaded the small disc on my regular disc reader on my laptop and it worked .
not sure what you mean by case . it comes with a soft vinyl bag that it fits into . i just keep mine in the box it came in and take the whole box when i need to use it somewhere other than home .
my workforce 545 is designed to take the standard and the xl . no problems replacing either one .
i have used the extra capacity cartridges and they produce a lot . if i was to put a number , it would be over the 300 mark . happy printing : )
what is your question ?
takes about a minute . not as fast as some of the other high end sub-dye models , but considering the quality of the images and price , its a great printer
no
think you meant to say 2x6 and no it does not .
no battery included . the battery is a option .
it does , iirc . you 'll need it if you want to scan anything to a mac btw ; it will not scan wirelessly .
it 's loaded on the top in the back . no tray .
yes it will not work if a cartride is empty or missing
yes it is .
this table is very well made and sturdy to hold your needs , im very happy with mine , it rolls across carpet with ease also . and the price is awesome , i would buy myself another one in a heartbeat if i needed another table . i know you`ll enjoy it . hope this helps with your chose , god bless
yes , it was great for my apartment have it anywhere also holds paper and printer plus a drawer for necessities .
i personally think you can and if you 're handy you can modify it by placing a large board on top of the bottom shelf.that should do the trick
yes , it 's quite sturdy . i bought around 16 of them for our auto mechanics .
no , there 's just room for the laptop .
depending in the size of your keyboard you may be able to open drawer and `` bridge '' it with your keyboard or get a thin piece of wood cut to fit on top of the open drawer to use your keyboard and mouse . there is definitely room on the top surface for a separate mouse
fully assembled with wheels on it is exactly 30 inches tall ... and its a wonderful little desk !
the interior width is 17 and 1 4 '' ; interior depth is 1 and 15 16 '' , and the interior length ( front to back ) is 11 ''
mine arrived in the dark grey nearly black color .
yes ! is the same .
out of the box , it can connect to the usb connection that comes with the square stand .
no color , it is a thermal printer . does n't use ink , uses heat to transfer the data to the paper . you need special paper for it .
yes , i use it with the square stand
this is the tsp100 for sure . it comes with the autocut .
the usb printer needs to connect to the square stand itself . you would need an ethernet connection to connect it to a router .
quick answer : no . this printer has usb interface . you need a printer with ios compatible bluetooth printer .
i bought a used one , but yes it came with 1 roll of labels and a ink roller .
it require roll of lables .
it only prints numbers . it has $ . signs also .
when you buy a new garvey label , it comes with 2 ink roller inside the box . it might be cheaper than buying the ink roller alone . check it out !
8 digits per line
you need to open the top and the bottom and put label facing the front of the gun and make it go right thru all the way down and close it .
garvey gx2212 , label , red blank ( 2212-04560 ) this should get you to all the colors .
i think it should as long as you put the tag before freezing them . although i only use mine to label `` dry '' products .
no , it dont print date
i have not found that to be the case . the tags are usually on for good .
yes 3 orange and 3 white .
i can tell you this : garvey was not the label gun company to deal with . i had a difficult time with the original machine , sent it back and one full month later received it worse than it was . the east coast rep is nasty and the machine wastes labels because it will waste a section and then prints . the company will not correct or admit their mistakes . i wasted my money for a defective product . so , as far as your issue is concerned , this is a minor one , except that garvey will only supply their labels for their machines . did you purchase this through amazon , like i did ? i got it during the hurricane sandy period and lost merchandise , but the machine was not there . it 's still clean and new . i can tell you this : garvey was not the label gun company to deal with . i had a difficult time with the original machine , sent it back and one full month later received it worse than it was . the east coast rep is nasty and the machine wastes labels because it will waste a section and then prints . the company will not correct or admit their mistakes . i wasted my money for a defective product . so , as far as your issue is concerned , this is a minor one , except that garvey will only supply their labels for their machines . did you purchase this through amazon , like i did ? i got it during the ... » read more i can tell you this : garvey was not the label gun company to deal with . i had a difficult time with the original machine , sent it back and one full month later received it worse than it was . the east coast rep is nasty and the machine wastes labels because it will waste a section and then prints . the company will not correct or admit their mistakes . i wasted my money for a defective product . so , as far as your issue is concerned , this is a minor one , except that garvey will only supply their labels for their machines . did you purchase this through amazon , like i did ? i got it during the hurricane sandy period and lost merchandise , but the machine was not there . it 's still clean and new . « show less
yes ! t-mobile home phone
yes , it works with pulse dialing phones .
yes , locked to tmobile
yes , i use this with a prepaid sim card .
while i have n't done it , i do n't see why not . i plug a regular phone in and it works fine .
no
i honestly do not remember . since i already had one from my current unit that malfunctioned that is the card i used especially since it was configured .
sideways . i would n't have bought it had i known that especially as it does n't hold as many files as my previous file holder drawer . it looks good , though !
there is space on the sides of the drawers where you can grasp the drawers to open them .
no , it arrives completely assembled .
there is a center support that , if the wheels are removed , will prevent the bottom drawer from opening .
24 inches more or less .
perhaps if you place it in the center section . but , comma , this desk proved to be a piece of junk . i bought it for my son who got to use it for about an hour before it litteraly fell apart in his hands ! if you are buying it for a child , i 'd recommend you look at something else .
i would think so . just depends on the width of his hips . there is plenty of room for me anyway .
i am not really sure if it is wide enough to fit ove a car seat . it fits right inside my recliner if that gives you anything about fit . i think it would be perfect for a child . my only othe concern is every slides ride off of the tray even if this is only a slight slant . if you figur out a way to keep things from sliding off it would be great for a child . i hope this helps you some . good luck . toni
it would , although it does n't have a handle so it 's tricky to carry around when you already have luggage and little ones . hope this helps !
i do n't think so . it fits snug around my hip area . when i say `` snug '' it is not touching my person but there is not a lot of wiggle room . it is about 15 inches wide .
it is about 7.5 inches when it is standing on its legs . { please note that this is not an exact measurement and can not be guaranteed . }
it actually will go past both arm rests on a car seat which works great as a table for lunch or coloring
i used cheap copy paper , but you can use different types and weights . i used the covers with the clear plastic in the front , but there are covers that you can print on too . most of what i know about it came from this website : http : www.mybinding.com ... it will tell you all kinds of information about the covers and how much they hold . by the way , the binding is great , but i did notice that i got a better bind when i heated it at least 3 times in a row ... i learned about that in the instructions .
the unit is 120 volt
hi . yes , i think you have to buy special covers and they must be the kind for binding . ( they have to melt in order to stick together ) . in the end , i gave up as not only was it expensive , it did n't hold well . i ended up just binding them with those plastic spine bars . sorry i could n't be much more help .
manual . you feed in one sheet at a time
it has 2 settings but i would only depend on the setting for an a4 envelope . i 'm not sure how that equates to a number 10. i had to change envelopes when i started using mine , but for the time it save me it was definitely worth it .
i do n't think so , i just read through the instruction book and there was no mention of being able to do anything but a letter fold .
3 8size i purchase at office depot please disregard the first message i sent
yes , i would certainly recommend this machine
it depends on the thickness of the paper . for regular printing copy paper , about 15-20 sheets .
it is good and i did for book from 90 papers
no only up to 1 2
i know plastic for sure . not sure about metal
yes it does as well as a usb connection . i use both with this printer . great , fast printer . surprisingly easy to clear a paper jam .
mine is made in thailand
it comes out with a starter pack . i 'm still actually using the starter pack . probably use about 80 sheets a month . has printer port ( lpt1 ) and usb actually have it connected on two computers on two different networks using one with printer port and the other with usb . ( this one does not have a network connector )
this model is n't . the b411dn is .
hello shar g. your guestion does not have enough information . i am not sure what you are printing from . settings are found in what ever document software you are using click on file tab for instance microsoft office word document . then select print . printers prints options display . select print page type.this is one example in all windows look for simler tabs . some times left click works as well depending what stuff or programs you are using . for futher assistant please go to http : h30434.www3.hp.com t5 printers-and-all-in-ones ct-p inkjet sign up or sign in just post your guestions their . you will receive a respounce back if you do not receive a respounce e-mail at frrw on hp 's forum . there i can better address your issues with step by step with screen shots also if needed . thank you . hello shar g. your guestion does not have enough information . i am not sure what you are printing from . settings are found in what ever document software you are using click on file tab for instance microsoft office word document . then select print . printers prints options display . select print page type.this is one example in all windows look for simler tabs . some times left click works as well depending what stuff or programs you are using . for futher assistant please go to http : h30434.www3.hp.com t5 printers-and-all-in-ones ct-p inkjet sign up or sign in just post your ... » read more hello shar g. your guestion does not have enough information . i am not sure what you are printing from . settings are found in what ever document software you are using click on file tab for instance microsoft office word document . then select print . printers prints options display . select print page type.this is one example in all windows look for simler tabs . some times left click works as well depending what stuff or programs you are using . for futher assistant please go to http : h30434.www3.hp.com t5 printers-and-all-in-ones ct-p inkjet sign up or sign in just post your guestions their . you will receive a respounce back if you do not receive a respounce e-mail at frrw on hp 's forum . there i can better address your issues with step by step with screen shots also if needed . thank you . « show less
yes.. you will need to get the printer driver from hp . i use it over wifi with an apple , a windows 7 pc and an ipad and this works fine . ink is my big complaint .
the whole machine is a fail . it barely lasted a year ...
for fax you need the phone wire . only computer printing and scanning works ( sometimes ... ) wireless ... . but ... do n't buy it ... it 's just waste of money and time . today i had to restart this printer twice ( shut down ... unplug ( ! ) ... wait 1 minute ... replug ... restart ... wait 10 minutes ... ) .
yes . it will . it has wifi conection too : ) good printer i love mine
a ridiculous amount . i used extra large cartridges and went through them like water . $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
i am afraid i have no idea , as i have n't tried that . please let me know if you find out !
i just use `` print '' function .
yes
it has triple letter tabs that stick out . it is a really lovely book . i found i could not almost not leave home without it . i added so many other functions to it .
yes
yes . an individual name address block is five lines long . 3 lines for name and address ; 1 line for e-mail ; 1 line that shares a birthday block and anniversary block ; phone numbers block section is also five lines and next to the right of the name and address section which includes , home , cell , work , fax and a blank line . has holiday cards with year ( 5 times same 5 lines and on left of name address block ) with send and received boxes . there is room for 4 addresses , with all the previous mentioned information , on one page , not including the back side which is identical .
19 1 2 inches h17 inches w very nice address book
i do n't know why it would n't but i did n't try it and no longer have a printer that uses this system .
it worked for me for first 3 13 19inch photo but after that it ruined my printer . if i had to do it over i would stay with the original . it 's my experience u might have a better one
i installed the continuous ink system on my epson artisan 810 which has stationary ink cartridges , and on my epson 1400 wide-carriage printer with moving ink cartridges . i was leery about installing the cis on both printers , but both installations were successful and i save so much money on printing pictures as large as 13 '' x19 '' in size . the inks are high quality indistinguishable from epson inks . before you actually install the tubing , study where it 's going to lay and make sure the tubing does not block the printer cover from closing . i trimmed some plastic to allow unimpeded flow of ink in the tubing . i used 3m damage-proof large picture pads that one would hang picture frames to a wall to mount the cis reservoir to the side on the printer if your printer has a non-curved side . the 3m pads would hold the reservoir in place yet it would not be a permanent mount in case you needed to remove it for servicing the printer . i hope this helps you make a wise decision . i am so glad that i bought the cis for both of my printers . i installed the continuous ink system on my epson artisan 810 which has stationary ink cartridges , and on my epson 1400 wide-carriage printer with moving ink cartridges . i was leery about installing the cis on both printers , but both installations were successful and i save so much money on printing pictures as large as 13 '' x19 '' in size . the inks are high quality indistinguishable from epson inks . before you actually install the tubing , study where it 's going to lay and make sure the tubing does not block the printer cover from closing . i trimmed some plastic to allow unimpeded ... » read more i installed the continuous ink system on my epson artisan 810 which has stationary ink cartridges , and on my epson 1400 wide-carriage printer with moving ink cartridges . i was leery about installing the cis on both printers , but both installations were successful and i save so much money on printing pictures as large as 13 '' x19 '' in size . the inks are high quality indistinguishable from epson inks . before you actually install the tubing , study where it 's going to lay and make sure the tubing does not block the printer cover from closing . i trimmed some plastic to allow unimpeded flow of ink in the tubing . i used 3m damage-proof large picture pads that one would hang picture frames to a wall to mount the cis reservoir to the side on the printer if your printer has a non-curved side . the 3m pads would hold the reservoir in place yet it would not be a permanent mount in case you needed to remove it for servicing the printer . i hope this helps you make a wise decision . i am so glad that i bought the cis for both of my printers . « show less
it has nothing to do with what operating system you have . it all depends on your printer . is your printer compatible with mac . if so you get the ink kit made for your printer .
description say 1400 , 1430 , also saysrelated printer : epson stylus photo 1410cartridge number : t0791 ~ t0796so ill says yes i does , also make sure the cartridge number is correct , they are t0791 - t0796
i no longer have that printer gus . that ink cartridge is used in my current pixma mx-882 and is black .
my cannon mg6120 printer requires all ink cartridges have ink in them . i guess the gray is used for gray in photos or printing in gray scale . the printer does use up the gray ink , but not as often as the black ink . cannon can probably answer this question better .
i would believe canon is correct . i have the canon pixma mg8120 printer . this is the gray cartridge that came with the printer . i am not sure why amazon states this is incompatible . i need new ink cartridges for my printer and this does n't make sense .
canon cli-226 4550b001 gray ink tankcanon cli-226 4550b001 gray ink tankitem model number : 4550b001price : $ 11.65 ( prime )
they are the standard ink refills . ( by the way , i switched from hp to canon hoping to save money on refills . instead my refill costs have gone up . )
got me - once i install them i throw box out . i 've been using them for years and if i have a lull in printing and the package sits in my desk , when i install it , i never have a problem . i 've had the printer for several years and it works well all the time . i would never use a generic ink - just is n't worth doing if something goes wrong . i recommend the ink and the printer .
yes it is . pgi225 is the black and cli226 is the color
i ca n't say as to the total number of pages ; however , i do know that between my home office use ( moderate ) plus my university student 's coursework ( heavy ) , i can generally get close to six month 's worth of usage if i set my print quality on `` fast '' with the occasional `` standard '' settings . ymmv .
sorry , i have no idea
just one
the amount is 9 ml .
no . mine is a pixma mg 5220 series . sorry .
no
no
nope
according to the box they came in : mg8120 ; mg6120 ; mg5220 ; mg5120 ; mx882 ; ip4820 ; ix6520hope that helps .
if you print something that 's yellow , does it print okay ? one of the most amazing things i 've learned recently is that the microchips on the cartridges that send the information to the printer when the ink is low , does n't actually read when the ink is low . instead the chips are manufactured to a preset number of prints , so even if you 've not used the yellow it says you have . i bought a microchip resetter from amazon a couple of months ago that is going to save us a fortune in ink . now i reset the chips and watch my printouts myself to determine when the cartridges need replaced . here 's the link : canon chip resetter for canon cll8 and pgl5 i hope that helps . if you print something that 's yellow , does it print okay ? one of the most amazing things i 've learned recently is that the microchips on the cartridges that send the information to the printer when the ink is low , does n't actually read when the ink is low . instead the chips are manufactured to a preset number of prints , so even if you 've not used the yellow it says you have . i bought a microchip resetter from amazon a couple of months ago that is going to save us a fortune in ink . now i reset the chips and watch my printouts myself to determine when the cartridges need replaced . here 's the ... » read more if you print something that 's yellow , does it print okay ? one of the most amazing things i 've learned recently is that the microchips on the cartridges that send the information to the printer when the ink is low , does n't actually read when the ink is low . instead the chips are manufactured to a preset number of prints , so even if you 've not used the yellow it says you have . i bought a microchip resetter from amazon a couple of months ago that is going to save us a fortune in ink . now i reset the chips and watch my printouts myself to determine when the cartridges need replaced . here 's the link : canon chip resetter for canon cll8 and pgl5 i hope that helps . « show less
well in my printer , there is a slot for picture black and plain black . apparently , both are needed to create an effective black color . i also have a button option that says `` black '' and one that says `` color '' .
feels like heavy particle board or plywood with an interior cloth covering and an exterior of 'anti-slip ' textured ruber . metal reinforces the corners and seems to add a good bit of structural integrity . i have a little cat cubby on top of mine and after two~ months it shows no sign of falling apart despite the weight of the cubby and the jumping moving around of our 16lb cat throughout the day . i still think the biggest issue , and the one most likely to be a reason for returns is poor quality control from this company . but if you get a good example of the product its well worth the money . feels like heavy particle board or plywood with an interior cloth covering and an exterior of 'anti-slip ' textured ruber . metal reinforces the corners and seems to add a good bit of structural integrity . i have a little cat cubby on top of mine and after two~ months it shows no sign of falling apart despite the weight of the cubby and the jumping moving around of our 16lb cat throughout the day . i still think the biggest issue , and the one most likely to be a reason for returns is poor quality control from this company . but if you get a good example of the product its well worth ... » read more feels like heavy particle board or plywood with an interior cloth covering and an exterior of 'anti-slip ' textured ruber . metal reinforces the corners and seems to add a good bit of structural integrity . i have a little cat cubby on top of mine and after two~ months it shows no sign of falling apart despite the weight of the cubby and the jumping moving around of our 16lb cat throughout the day . i still think the biggest issue , and the one most likely to be a reason for returns is poor quality control from this company . but if you get a good example of the product its well worth the money . « show less
no , i would say 10 % of the drawer ( 3-4 inches ) stays inside the box .
you can . there are small plastic feet on the bottom corners which nest onto the top of another .
you could likely do that . it depends on the weight of the printer . it is fairly sturdy , but realistically it is made of cardboard and aluminum . the shipment process damaged it to the point that i had to return it ( i assume from being dropped and packaged poorly ) . hope that helps .
yes , the keys ( plural ) should have been attached inside the the crappy file box .
letter-size hanging folders .
approx 9 '' x 12 ''
yes , it handles legal size paper .
the scanner serves my low-volume needs very well . my small complaint about it it that the instructions say to press the power button from three seconds to turn the machine off , but this is not so - any time i hit this button , i get a popup asking what application do i want to run ) . maybe exactly three seconds are required , but my presses are not that exact . i 've instead taken to unplugging the power cord to turn the device off .
yes . i 've been using on the scanner on windows 8.1 for 6 months , and i 've encountered no problems to date .
for the price of this scanner i think it does a great job . i have some very old black and white photos and it did an amazing job copying them .
yes it is .
i was told that epson scanners were the best for the money . i had difficulty with the software on my pc with windows 64 bit ultimate . eventually i returned the scanner and stayed with the hp . sorry i ca n't answer your question .
could someone please measure and post ? thanks .
yes , the tilt mechanism allows for the front or back of the seat to be angled up or down and then locked by tightening the knob . as a dental hygienist , i found this is a very comfortable yet inexpensive operator stool !
about 45 degrees
i do n't know off hand but it 's wide it has never once even come close to falling over and i 'm 200 + pounds
no it 's fully adjustable
no
well i weigh about 220 and it works great
yes , there is a ruler in inches and in metric and the table is sectioned into little squares that might be a 1 4 '' for precise and quick positioning .
yes . i use it for cutting tissue paper , ribbon , and even shrink wrap . does great .
i believe it will . i have used it to cut numerous pieces of paper at one time , without any issues .
this little gem will cut laminated items such as photos , documents , perhaps credit cards and most flexible sheets however i do n't think it would cut through formica type products . the blade is very tough and very sharp and is a real workhorse for the money . it 's one of the best cutters i have ever used .
i have n't tried to do that - but the construction of the cutter assemby is pretty flimsy so i would not plan to cut sandpaper with this machine - there are no provisions for sharpening a dulled curtting edge .
yes
though i do n't personally make cards to know for certain , i do believe this one could handle it because i can cut approximately 5-8 sheets of paper at a time depending on the thickness . i 've cut more in a hurry but the cut is n't as straight or clean going with too many .
i would not recommend it but it might work . the blade is sharp enough but you risk the cards slipping a little and then you edges will look bad . i do this to photographic paper but i can cut three manually about as quick and three stacked . then i do n't have to worry about any waste . cut one card badly and the time it takes and the cost of loosing one card and your better off cutting one at a time . this is a great little cutter and i find a use for it almost every day . i do n't know what i would do without it . it 's one of the best buys on amazon . good luck , i hope this has been helpful . robert wallace i would not recommend it but it might work . the blade is sharp enough but you risk the cards slipping a little and then you edges will look bad . i do this to photographic paper but i can cut three manually about as quick and three stacked . then i do n't have to worry about any waste . cut one card badly and the time it takes and the cost of loosing one card and your better off cutting one at a time . this is a great little cutter and i find a use for it almost every day . i do n't know what i would do without it . it 's one of the best buys on amazon . good luck , i hope this has been helpful ... . » read more i would not recommend it but it might work . the blade is sharp enough but you risk the cards slipping a little and then you edges will look bad . i do this to photographic paper but i can cut three manually about as quick and three stacked . then i do n't have to worry about any waste . cut one card badly and the time it takes and the cost of loosing one card and your better off cutting one at a time . this is a great little cutter and i find a use for it almost every day . i do n't know what i would do without it . it 's one of the best buys on amazon . good luck , i hope this has been helpful . robert wallace « show less
no , it does not .
when is standby- time and battery condition . when in use- date , time , caller i.d. , battery condition , menu options associated with button pushed .
angela , this is a feature i never use , so i had to check it out . selecting intercom brings up a prompt for selecting `` all '' or for selecting any one of the three other handsets . i tried it and it worked .
there is merry xmas , aura lee , beethoven9 , flicker , clatter , wake up , and elise .
this phone has visual caller id ... not `` talking caller id ''
if you can find a cutter where you never need to replace a blade , please let me know ! i 've never seen such a thing ; however , in my experience , titanium blades last much longer than steel blades . i do love my cutter , but do n't buy it for the light feature . i am disappointed in fiskars for that . buy it for the size and cutting . awesome .
i usually cut 4-5 sheets of 22lb paper at a time . it really cuts poster board as well .
stable in folded position to use as smaller trimmer . unfold just for larger pieces of paper .
not sure what is meant by wire guide . most parts are plastic , including the lip up top that the paper rests against . i never had a problem , always a precise cut .
the guides are 12.25 inches apart , so no . to cut anything wider , you have to double it over , creasing your paper .
i have not used for for chipboard , but it certainly should be up to the task ! this is the best paper trimmer i have used !
i have no scientific data for you , but i would deem this a `` light duty '' cutter . i 've cut a couple of sheets worth at a time , but the more you add , the more i would expect pages to 'drift ' and not be cut accurately . i 'd recommend no more that 1-3 sheets at most . if you need to do a lot of mass cutting , i 'd pass on this and go with something more substantial .
yes it does . it has one on each end so you can cut left handed or right .
i can only tell you that i use only the blade that came with it -- and mostly for one or two sheets of paper or to trim a photo . works fine for this -- that 's all i can say !
100 % smooth
i would call the company to be sure . you can contact them through www.schoolsmart.com .
i used these transparencies in my hp laser jet 1006. worked without any issues and did not melt them at all .
you can write on these using vis'-a-vis markers . the dry-erase markers work but smear . best results if allowed to dry either 'air-dry ' or the heat from the projector . sorry for the delay , hope this helped .
yes , it accepts color : - )
it comes in a tube . the tube is a little longer than the height of the map and ~8cm diameter .
no white margins , just like the picture shows . very satisfied with it .
we mounted ours on a large sheet of foam core using photo mount spray adhesive . it worked great . the thickness of the foam core allows us to use stick pins to track our travels .
yes it is . it 's quite beautiful .
it is made of metal and then the embellish your story magnets hold pictures on it .
mine has small white polka dots on the black board .
there are two hooks on the top that can hang on nails .
hi , it 's 16 '' x 16 '' elizabeth
yes it does
5 3 4 x 7 ''
hi there - the pages are approximately 5.75 '' x 7 '' - since mine is still in the packaging i added photos to this listing with a tape measure so you can also see where the holes are punched . : ) in the pics i have the refill pad sitting on top of a hallmark address book . hope this helps !
i counted about a dozen with a few calender pages , a coupleof cd slots , and a couple of miscellaneous pages . one of the address pages was printed on one side only .
5 3 4 x 7 '' i do n't remember how many are included . maybe 24- 25 ? i ordered them several months ago and have used some , still have 19 left . hope this helps
yes it will work with your applications .
it 's not a phone it is a chew toyin my last review i did not say anything that suggests i know anything about mac computers , the software included was for windows only and it did not work well even on windows.this is junk for any further questions about this product here is the pre- answer *this is junk* *you get what you pay for*
yes it is , and this may be very helpful with your install . guide to installing canon canoscan lide 35 , 50 and 60 on mac os x 10.8. mountain lion : first part : deleting old lide drivers and softwareif this is the first attempt to install the scanner , skip this parttrash the following files folders from these folders : hd : library image capture twain data sourcesdelete the canoscan canoscan xxxx.ds file ( make note of any other files that may be in this folder . if other files are present , move them to the desktop for now . then place them back after successfully using the scanner . ) hd : library preferencesdelete the 'canoscan xxxx ' folderhd : users shareddelete the folders containing the name canoscan , or starting with cnql.hd : applicationsdelete the canoscan toolbox applicationhd : users your-mac-username library preferencesdelete any items named `` canoscan toolbox '' restart your computer , then empty the trashsecond part : making your scanner workmake sure your scanner is well connecteddownload the right driver depending on your model . also download the scanner software . copy the filenames and search them via google . make sure you download the canon files from an official canon domain.canoscan lide 50 and lide 35 work both with the 35 driver : lide35osx7721en.dmgcanoscan lide 60 driver : lide60osx11131en.dmgvuescan software : http : www.hamrick.com # downloadvuescan 9.2 ( or later ) x32 for mac os xalternative to vuescan : canoscan toolbox . i prefer vuescan.try your luck with version 4 or version 5.canoscan toolbox 4 : cstbosx4934ej4.dmgcanoscan toolbox 5 : cstbosx5014ej4.dmgopen the downloaded driver file ( lide35osx7721en.dmg or lide60osx11131en.dmg ) and double-click the scangear file , install and restart when promptedopen the downloaded vuescan file ( vuex3292.dmg ) and drag the vuescan application to the mac applications folderopen the vuescan application . the scanner should be recognized automatically . yes it is , and this may be very helpful with your install . guide to installing canon canoscan lide 35 , 50 and 60 on mac os x 10.8. mountain lion : first part : deleting old lide drivers and softwareif this is the first attempt to install the scanner , skip this parttrash the following files folders from these folders : hd : library image capture twain data sourcesdelete the canoscan canoscan xxxx.ds file ( make note of any other files that may be in this folder . if other files are present , move them to the desktop for now . then place them ... » read more yes it is , and this may be very helpful with your install . guide to installing canon canoscan lide 35 , 50 and 60 on mac os x 10.8. mountain lion : first part : deleting old lide drivers and softwareif this is the first attempt to install the scanner , skip this parttrash the following files folders from these folders : hd : library image capture twain data sourcesdelete the canoscan canoscan xxxx.ds file ( make note of any other files that may be in this folder . if other files are present , move them to the desktop for now . then place them back after successfully using the scanner . ) hd : library preferencesdelete the 'canoscan xxxx ' folderhd : users shareddelete the folders containing the name canoscan , or starting with cnql.hd : applicationsdelete the canoscan toolbox applicationhd : users your-mac-username library preferencesdelete any items named `` canoscan toolbox '' restart your computer , then empty the trashsecond part : making your scanner workmake sure your scanner is well connecteddownload the right driver depending on your model . also download the scanner software . copy the filenames and search them via google . make sure you download the canon files from an official canon domain.canoscan lide 50 and lide 35 work both with the 35 driver : lide35osx7721en.dmgcanoscan lide 60 driver : lide60osx11131en.dmgvuescan software : http : www.hamrick.com # downloadvuescan 9.2 ( or later ) x32 for mac os xalternative to vuescan : canoscan toolbox . i prefer vuescan.try your luck with version 4 or version 5.canoscan toolbox 4 : cstbosx4934ej4.dmgcanoscan toolbox 5 : cstbosx5014ej4.dmgopen the downloaded driver file ( lide35osx7721en.dmg or lide60osx11131en.dmg ) and double-click the scangear file , install and restart when promptedopen the downloaded vuescan file ( vuex3292.dmg ) and drag the vuescan application to the mac applications folderopen the vuescan application . the scanner should be recognized automatically . « show less
it depends on the resolution of the scan . at highest resolution , full color 600dpi , it can take about 30 seconds , but full color at 300 dpi takes 10 seconds , and much less if you go to black and white text , and around 200 dpi , which is plenty high enough for a page of text , in which case less than 5 seconds . the nice feature about this scanner is that if you place a bunch of pictures on the scanner glass , and leave separation between them , it will recognize they are individual pictures and then trim and present you separate scanned images , as if you had scanned the pictures separately . but it 's a bit tricky to be sure they are not close together , because if placed edge to edge , it appears to the scanner they are all part of one big picture . it depends on the resolution of the scan . at highest resolution , full color 600dpi , it can take about 30 seconds , but full color at 300 dpi takes 10 seconds , and much less if you go to black and white text , and around 200 dpi , which is plenty high enough for a page of text , in which case less than 5 seconds . the nice feature about this scanner is that if you place a bunch of pictures on the scanner glass , and leave separation between them , it will recognize they are individual pictures and then trim and present you separate scanned images , as if you had scanned the pictures separately . but ... » read more it depends on the resolution of the scan . at highest resolution , full color 600dpi , it can take about 30 seconds , but full color at 300 dpi takes 10 seconds , and much less if you go to black and white text , and around 200 dpi , which is plenty high enough for a page of text , in which case less than 5 seconds . the nice feature about this scanner is that if you place a bunch of pictures on the scanner glass , and leave separation between them , it will recognize they are individual pictures and then trim and present you separate scanned images , as if you had scanned the pictures separately . but it 's a bit tricky to be sure they are not close together , because if placed edge to edge , it appears to the scanner they are all part of one big picture . « show less
absolutely . it is a very easy process . start scanning a pdf , then simply hit next for each additional page
yes . jpegs for photos and pdfs for documents . once you tell the scanner you 're scanning photos , it auto '' magically '' knows you want jpegs .
yes it does . i ha e it installed in win 7 64bit and works perfectly .
yes
yes and it 's easy to use !
it would take two scans ; 8'5 '' x 11 '' is about the best you can do with one scan .
yes it does .
hi britnee , sorry , but i do n't know whether there is a headset jack or not . i purchased the phonefor my mother a while back and she does n't have need for a headset . perhaps youcan contact the manuafacturer and or see if its mentioned in the product description . for my mother and she does n't have the need for a headset . you may just want to getin touch with the manufacturer or see if you can find thatinfo in the production description .
nope . works off of the phone line power . `` plug and play ''
purchased phone for my dad . as far as i remember power comes from telephone line connection .
no , i do n't think so . i only see one slot for a line to plug into .
highly unlikely . at a minimum it would have to be structural glass at least 3 4 '' thick and you would need some type of padding for the undermount bracket . i doubt the company would suggest it . but try company support line , they are helpful .
i think the correct answer is `` maybe '' ... but it would be touch-and-go , depending on the weight of the monitor . i have an apple thunderbolt 27 '' display , and the `` secondary '' height adjustment spring , which allows you to fine-tune the height of the monitor , is n't strong enough to hold the display up off the keyboard arm reliably . for me , that 's ok , resting on the keyboard arm ( upper part of the l , not down on the keyboard itself ) is just about the right height sitting or standing . however , if you care to have that secondary adjustment , i think a monitor as heavy or heavier than the apple thunderbolt 27 '' is going to be an issue.good luck . i think the correct answer is `` maybe '' ... but it would be touch-and-go , depending on the weight of the monitor . i have an apple thunderbolt 27 '' display , and the `` secondary '' height adjustment spring , which allows you to fine-tune the height of the monitor , is n't strong enough to hold the display up off the keyboard arm reliably . for me , that 's ok , resting on the keyboard arm ( upper part of the l , not down on the keyboard itself ) is just about the right height sitting or standing . however , if you care to have that secondary adjustment , i think a monitor as ... » read more i think the correct answer is `` maybe '' ... but it would be touch-and-go , depending on the weight of the monitor . i have an apple thunderbolt 27 '' display , and the `` secondary '' height adjustment spring , which allows you to fine-tune the height of the monitor , is n't strong enough to hold the display up off the keyboard arm reliably . for me , that 's ok , resting on the keyboard arm ( upper part of the l , not down on the keyboard itself ) is just about the right height sitting or standing . however , if you care to have that secondary adjustment , i think a monitor as heavy or heavier than the apple thunderbolt 27 '' is going to be an issue.good luck . « show less
i gave up on my workfit because my monitor jiggled too much . i switched to a kangaroo for a year , and then bought a real sit-stand desk , which works beautifully ( but cost $ 1400 ) . i 'm about to put my kangaroo on craig 's list ( email ghillerson @ gmail.com if interested ) .i do n't know how large the desk would need to be for the workfit , but it is heavy ( and the assembly instructions suck ) . the kangaroo needs something like 26 '' or 28 '' of depth and about 24 '' of length .
yes you can adjust the distance between the keyboard and monitor , but just on the vertical plane . you ca n't really move either part horizontally relative to the other , only move the entire unit .
i 'm using it with a viewsonic vg2428 just fine , although i ca n't say anything about your specific model .
not recommended for that application .
i 'm not sure how well it works work on something like that . it seems to have a pretty strong hold , but i do n't know how smooth those surfaces would be . i do n't think it would work too well on rough hard surfaces unless you really spray it on thick .
i do n't think that the 3m multi-purpose 27 spray adhesive will hold up very long in humid or wet conditions . i 'm not an expert , but i would suggest `` 3m 80 rubber and vinyl adhesive spray '' which is neoprene based and much more waterproof . it 's available on amazon as well . again , i 'm not an expert , but you would probably do better with such a neoprene rubber , water resistant spray or cement adhesive .
fairly water repellent , i think ( i got some spray on my hands and it took quite a bit of scrubbing to get it off ! ) . i have not put any of my projects outdoors , but it seems to be holding up really well on projects indoors , so i 'd say it would be worth giving it a try . hope this helps !
no it does not smell bad after it dries . after it releases its vocs there is no scent per se
does not dry to the touch . it is very sticky , like tape . would be great for covering the entire surface with glitter , but too much overspray to do small areas .
permanent .
when i purchased the sheets , i contacted seller and she gave me the information to download . your best bet is to contact her .
yes it fits but it did n't seem to last as long as the oem . i 'd buy again because the quality was good and at the price offered is low it makes for a bargain .
yes it is .
the ones i got were wrapped in a black plastic bag and then wrapped again in bubble wrap within each individual box . so far the print quality seems okay.at the price i 'll keep buying them until and if they prove to be inferior . store girl
we have been using ours without any problems . you might try cleaning the rollers with a little alcohol & see if that helps .
frankly , i did n't count the pages , but i 'm a court reporter and i produce a lot of printed pages each week in the form of court transcripts . this toner cartridge lasted longer than the hp cartridge that i paid 4 times the amount for . a lot longer . i kept thinking when is this toner going to run out ? i would shake it and pop it back in and get lots more pages . it 's not chintzy by any means . i will never go back to buying those expensive hp cartridges again .
not sure , i use it with a p1102w .
it has a 3 inch dia disc on the clamp that is ceneterd 2.5 inches back from front of desk edge
it depends on how high the desk table that you attach it to is . the desk i use as the base is relatively low , so my 6'2 '' brother could n't use the standing desk at an appropriate level , but if you start with a higher table , it should be able to go high enough .
it only goes up so high ... part of the determination of how high it is depends on the height of the surface it is mounted on .
in order to convert from a dual monitor to a single monitor you would have to get a single monitor conversion kit . i have not seen these kits available on amazon but they are available on ergotron 's website for around $ 30.00 .
i just received mine today ( 7 11 14 ) after ordering on amazon and can verify that 33-341-200 fits my 24 '' monitors . i 'm unsure about the claim of fitting 26 '' monitors though - i have dual samsung b2430 's and i only have another 1.25 '' of room or so left to slide out on the monitor arm before the end of the bracket .
they can not be angled any more than the very few degrees that they are angled from each other ( which is negligible ; they 're almost `` flat '' ) . this has turned out to be a bit of a problem . when my monitors were on my desk , i put one directly in front of me , and angled the second one ( to the right of the first one ) a good bit so i could easily see it with a slight head turn . with the ergotron set-up , what is directly in front of you are the monitor edges . this causes a problem because i need to shift my chair to the left in order to see the monitor on the left , and then have to twist my wrist in an awkward way to use my mouse ( not good if you have carpal tunnel issues . i was going to ask the folks in our company 's machine shop to bend the metal arms for me , but there is concern that might throw of the balance weight system . so while i think the workfit station is ideal if you have only one monitor , i would not buy it again for dual monitor use . they can not be angled any more than the very few degrees that they are angled from each other ( which is negligible ; they 're almost `` flat '' ) . this has turned out to be a bit of a problem . when my monitors were on my desk , i put one directly in front of me , and angled the second one ( to the right of the first one ) a good bit so i could easily see it with a slight head turn . with the ergotron set-up , what is directly in front of you are the monitor edges . this causes a problem because i need to shift my chair to the left in order to see the monitor on the left , and then have to twist ... » read more they can not be angled any more than the very few degrees that they are angled from each other ( which is negligible ; they 're almost `` flat '' ) . this has turned out to be a bit of a problem . when my monitors were on my desk , i put one directly in front of me , and angled the second one ( to the right of the first one ) a good bit so i could easily see it with a slight head turn . with the ergotron set-up , what is directly in front of you are the monitor edges . this causes a problem because i need to shift my chair to the left in order to see the monitor on the left , and then have to twist my wrist in an awkward way to use my mouse ( not good if you have carpal tunnel issues . i was going to ask the folks in our company 's machine shop to bend the metal arms for me , but there is concern that might throw of the balance weight system . so while i think the workfit station is ideal if you have only one monitor , i would not buy it again for dual monitor use . « show less
i do n't think i would use glass or even marble . the workfit is heavy plus it moves up and down . i would use metal or sturdy wood .
i would suggest putting washers between the monitor and the mounting plate to change the angle slightly .
the keyboard tray sticks out from the desk 13 '' in sitting mode and about 11 '' in standing mode ( the tower part leans back slightly ) . the tower and base extend back onto the desk surface about 16.5 '' .
i have not had any problems with 3 brother printers . they each lasted at least 2 years
i had a mac at the time and it worked ok ( except for the ink leaking ) , pretty sure that it would work for pc as well . hope this helps .
only used it a few months . it used ink . would suggest epson and use epson products . they last for years !
i never asked as i needed a printer quick so bought a $ 50 epson from walmart and am totally happy with it . threw away the brother as i was totally irritated and did n't want to waste anymore time on it . admittedly i am an epson fan as that was the brand i had before with no problem and tried the brother and went back to epson .
yes , this drum is the one used for the mfc-7860dw . i 'm not sure which drop down box you to which you are referring but brother makes this drum to fit a large number of models . any brother b &w; printer using the tn420 or tn450 toner cartridge uses this drum unit .
hello bansheer briar , thank you for your email . usually it does mean that you need to change the toner . as far as the drum is concern , it usually leaves black stripes on the paper . for a better information , please contact brother support.regards
the drum needs replacement just like the toner . the only thing is that the toner runs out faster than the drum . i said the same when my printer started asking me to change it soon.. i ignored it and thats when i started seeing lines and the papers not printing correctly . so give it time before you start to see the lines and fading.. there like your car tires . dont last for ever..lol.. hope this helped..
new
it says to replace the drum for a long time then it wo n't go until you replace it . that 's when i replace it . and you can reset drum on the menu . but i 've heard if you let the drum go too long you will be buying a printer ...
no
it is my impression there is only one drum unit for this device . i only received one drum unit- looks like a tray . so , one part in the package and this part `` fixed '' my error code .
yes it is
to my knowledge , toner will remain usable for a very long time , assuming there are no drastic changes in humidity where the printer is located . my first cartridge lasted 9 months with infrequent use .
i have a brother copier & printer . model mfc-7360n . the brother tn420 toner cartridge is just for my machine . it works very well .
it depends . about 1200 pages .
i am thinking not , but i do n't know for sure . my printer is a brother hl-2280dw and uses a tn420 or a tn450 . perhaps you could go online with the nomenclature of your printer and get your answer .
i have order before and it is just the ink cartridge
im sorry but i have used it n lasted for close to 500 pages and their are times it last for less than 300. not sure why . when im doing copies and or printing to mail out to the members it seems as if at times it runs out quicker.. hope this helps..
we are a small company , it lasts one month because we keep track of the day , average sheets per day apx 400 and we also check it a bit in the last day of the month
it means it is packaged the same as if you bought it in a store such as office depot . not a bulk pack broken down as some sellers do .
one just has bigger capacity . you get more printed pages on the bigger one
from brother support : `` the drum unit and toner cartridge shelf life is 2 years if the protective bag is unopened or 6 months after the protective bag is opened . although , we have provided a figure to base the shelf life on , it is contingent on the prints that are being printed . it is very possible to have the toner and drum cartridge for longer periods of time . there are many factors that determine the actual drum life , such as the temperature , humidity , type of paper , type of toner used , number of pages per print job and so on . under ideal conditions , the average drum life is estimated at approximately 12,000 pages . the actual number of pages that your drum will print may be significantly less than this estimate . because we have no control over the many factors that determine the actual drum life , we can not guarantee a minimum number of pages that will be printed by your drum . the drum and toner cartridges are both consumables that the machine can recognize as needed to be replaced or low . the machine will provide message that will indicate whether the consumable is low , such as `` drum end soon '' . from brother support : `` the drum unit and toner cartridge shelf life is 2 years if the protective bag is unopened or 6 months after the protective bag is opened . although , we have provided a figure to base the shelf life on , it is contingent on the prints that are being printed . it is very possible to have the toner and drum cartridge for longer periods of time . there are many factors that determine the actual drum life , such as the temperature , humidity , type of paper , type of toner used , number of pages per print job and so on . under ideal conditions , the average drum life is ... » read more from brother support : `` the drum unit and toner cartridge shelf life is 2 years if the protective bag is unopened or 6 months after the protective bag is opened . although , we have provided a figure to base the shelf life on , it is contingent on the prints that are being printed . it is very possible to have the toner and drum cartridge for longer periods of time . there are many factors that determine the actual drum life , such as the temperature , humidity , type of paper , type of toner used , number of pages per print job and so on . under ideal conditions , the average drum life is estimated at approximately 12,000 pages . the actual number of pages that your drum will print may be significantly less than this estimate . because we have no control over the many factors that determine the actual drum life , we can not guarantee a minimum number of pages that will be printed by your drum . the drum and toner cartridges are both consumables that the machine can recognize as needed to be replaced or low . the machine will provide message that will indicate whether the consumable is low , such as `` drum end soon '' . « show less
often new printers have a `` starter '' cartridge ... not much toner in them . i 've had the same experience , but the guy at the store who sold it to me told me what to expect .
yes
there 's a menu option . by default , it is set to `` replace toner : stop '' , but you can change it to continue . press menu , then press ok for general setup , down arrow to item 4 `` replace toner '' and press ok , then change it from stop to continue , then press ok to save it .
yes when eggs are 15 cent 1 2 dozen ... ... ... .
this is a cartridge and u just remove the old one and put in the new one . no settings at least not on my copier
override low toner warning because you still have plenty of toner left ... when `` replace tone '' r shows on lcd screen you can set the machine to continue printing until the lcd reads `` toner ended '' . the default setting is `` stop '' .1. press menu2 . press the up or down arrows to choose `` 1. general setup '' and then press ok.3 . press the up or down arrows to then choose `` 4. replace toner '' and then press ok.4 . press the up or down arrows to choose `` continue '' and press ok.5 . press the stop exit button to leave the setup.in the continue mode the print quality may be appear faint etc ... can not guarantee the quality but it works for me ... .for models dcp 7060d . dcp 7065dn . hl-2280dw . override low toner warning because you still have plenty of toner left ... when `` replace tone '' r shows on lcd screen you can set the machine to continue printing until the lcd reads `` toner ended '' . the default setting is `` stop '' .1. press menu2 . press the up or down arrows to choose `` 1. general setup '' and then press ok.3 . press the up or down arrows to then choose `` 4. replace toner '' and then press ok.4 . press the up or down arrows to choose `` continue '' and press ok.5 . press the stop exit button to ... » read more override low toner warning because you still have plenty of toner left ... when `` replace tone '' r shows on lcd screen you can set the machine to continue printing until the lcd reads `` toner ended '' . the default setting is `` stop '' .1. press menu2 . press the up or down arrows to choose `` 1. general setup '' and then press ok.3 . press the up or down arrows to then choose `` 4. replace toner '' and then press ok.4 . press the up or down arrows to choose `` continue '' and press ok.5 . press the stop exit button to leave the setup.in the continue mode the print quality may be appear faint etc ... can not guarantee the quality but it works for me ... .for models dcp 7060d . dcp 7065dn . hl-2280dw . « show less
the cartridge fits into the carrier in the printer . remove the toner and it should be the same size as what you received then put the new cartridge into the carrier .
yes , it works well with all of our macs !
yes you can through your isb port on your computer..
double print with the hp deskjet 1000 by printing every other page.example : 1,3,5,7,9,11 , .then turn over print 2,4,6,8,10,12 , .number of pages is limited to my guess 60-pages.it 's a wonderful , low cost way of printing.i 'm a law student and truly have enjoyed a quality printer at a bargain price.please feel free to email me here or at my private email address rgd53 @ hotmail.comrobert g. deardorff , jacksonville , florida
sure is !
i bought this printer from walmart in an emergency . downloaded the drivers from hp that night as the driver cd that came with it was scratched . i needed it for multiple computers , so downloaded all the drivers that i would need and installed them . successfully used it on pc 's running win7 , vista and xp the following day , no issues .
i 've never not used my printer for 3 months , but if it was going to be inactive , i would remove the cartridges and replace with new cartridges when i was going to use the printer . the cartridges could leak or dry out .
it is a printer not a copier printer , but produces high quality documents produced on a computer .
i do believe it dose , you can check by going to www.hp : deskjet1000printer.com support
it 's compact , like a large shoe box when closed , it is not small , but would fit into a large suitcase , it would fit in a carry on , with some room left over . works great with my windows 7 .
that 's correct . i have the mg6120 model of this series ; it wo n't do anything ( scan or print ) if any of the cartridges is empty .
precision roller is one place i found that sell the printhead for a mg 8120 ( tp : 1-800-323-9523 ) ( mfg part # qy6-0078-000 ) they can be replaced . precision roller wanted $ 199.95 . for that price i would consider a new printer .
who cares . it uses ink so fast you and takes forever to print while it groans and sputters .
i think so , although i have never done it . a 3 in 1 usually means scan , fax , and copy . i think it copies very well , finally got it to make some decent color photos , but it drinks ink . costs more per photo printed than some others i had had in the past . faxing -- just think it does , not sure . you can always scan and pdf the scan to someone attached to an email . that is the way most do it today , fax is fading fast . although it is more secure than pdf 's attached to email , for sensitive documents .
i have not tried to print on fabric . however , i 'd be careful . this printer 's heads are very fine for very accurate , finely detailed printing . i 'd hate to get them clogged up with even the slightest microscopic threads from the fabric . why not let kinkos fedex office do it ?
no it does n't . there are devices that does what you 're looking for , but this canon just scans whatever you see with the naked eye to a digital image . that 's actually pretty interesting you 've asked . i might have to try it one day . the digital image might be pretty small , but if zoomed the image quality might still be good . plus with the bright light scanning the image , i would assume the colors might stand out other than being amber and tinted .
the trick is that you and i have been had , honestly . we all have the exact same problem with it . i have n't printed a color image on it in over 2 years but still run out of color ink constantly . i researched for quite a while looking for some kind of workaround to prevent this needless waste of ink . they 've also configured the thing so that it 's 50 50 whether it 'll even recognize 3rd party ink cartridges.now i 've decided to just use it as a scanner , save up and get a black-ink-only laser-jet for every day printing , and not keep throwing money away on ink . even the canon manual says that no matter what you do to print grayscale or draft quality , the printer will suck out color ink anyway . further , every time you turn it on , it does unnecessary `` cleaning '' which also uses ink at a ridiculous level . this is no industry secret though . all color printers do this which is why printers do n't cost a whole lot . they get you on the back end for the ink . it 's a shame too because this printer did a marvelous job with color photos . the trick is that you and i have been had , honestly . we all have the exact same problem with it . i have n't printed a color image on it in over 2 years but still run out of color ink constantly . i researched for quite a while looking for some kind of workaround to prevent this needless waste of ink . they 've also configured the thing so that it 's 50 50 whether it 'll even recognize 3rd party ink cartridges.now i 've decided to just use it as a scanner , save up and get a black-ink-only laser-jet for every day printing , and not keep throwing money away on ink . even the canon manual ... » read more the trick is that you and i have been had , honestly . we all have the exact same problem with it . i have n't printed a color image on it in over 2 years but still run out of color ink constantly . i researched for quite a while looking for some kind of workaround to prevent this needless waste of ink . they 've also configured the thing so that it 's 50 50 whether it 'll even recognize 3rd party ink cartridges.now i 've decided to just use it as a scanner , save up and get a black-ink-only laser-jet for every day printing , and not keep throwing money away on ink . even the canon manual says that no matter what you do to print grayscale or draft quality , the printer will suck out color ink anyway . further , every time you turn it on , it does unnecessary `` cleaning '' which also uses ink at a ridiculous level . this is no industry secret though . all color printers do this which is why printers do n't cost a whole lot . they get you on the back end for the ink . it 's a shame too because this printer did a marvelous job with color photos . « show less
yeah ... it probably ends up costing $ 20 a picture . i would not get this printer if i were you . ink is sooo expensive and runs out so quickly .
yes it works with my ipad
i have no answer for you . they just have . i do n't use this feature for this reason .
yes . bill
clear
staples or office max should have them .
i would approximate 2 in . long . very fine , does n't damage clothes .
the needle is too small for the gun . the cost of returning the gun wasmore then the costof buying the gun . the total needle measures 1 inch including the part that goes into the gun .
almost 5inches
the needle is sharp enough to pierce through paper , several layers of clothing , and probably thin to medium cardboard , but not more . it 's not that long or that sharp . the other issue that might arise is that the tags are a standard length ( about 2 '' long , i think ) , and unless you have a way of securing the extra plastic , your clothing would droop inside the box . would you mount the clothes to a fabric background and then use some other method to put the background against the back of the shadow box ? if so , it might work . if you 're trying to tag through the back of the box , then probably not . the needle is sharp enough to pierce through paper , several layers of clothing , and probably thin to medium cardboard , but not more . it 's not that long or that sharp . the other issue that might arise is that the tags are a standard length ( about 2 '' long , i think ) , and unless you have a way of securing the extra plastic , your clothing would droop inside the box . would you mount the clothes to a fabric background and then use some other method to put the background against the back of the shadow box ? if so , it might work . if you 're trying to tag through the back of the box , then probably ... » read more the needle is sharp enough to pierce through paper , several layers of clothing , and probably thin to medium cardboard , but not more . it 's not that long or that sharp . the other issue that might arise is that the tags are a standard length ( about 2 '' long , i think ) , and unless you have a way of securing the extra plastic , your clothing would droop inside the box . would you mount the clothes to a fabric background and then use some other method to put the background against the back of the shadow box ? if so , it might work . if you 're trying to tag through the back of the box , then probably not . « show less
they are 2 inch barbs and they are for fine fabrics . they work well and do n't blast the fabric apart like the regular size ones do . i just tagged a ton of baby clothes and they worked perfect
they are about three inches long , or a standard barb size . i will mention i bought this gun about two months ago , used it once , and the springs broke two hours into my tagging . completely unfixable .
the phone that i received did not have a display , so i am guessing yes , but i would ask the seller if the phone really does have a display .
i believe so .
yes , mine came with one .
that is optional . in case of emergency you would push the button to dial 911 .
yes it measures down to tenths of an oz .
one 9 volt battery
i 've never tried it , but have you checked with the usps to see if they have any calibration weights on site ? i 'm sure their scales , like all scales , have to be calibrated regularly . you could take it to them and see what they say . i live in a rural area and the local branch is never very busy , so i 'm sure they would help me . a busier location may not be as helpful .
probably not . the weighing surface is approximately 8 '' x 6 '' and is flat . guess it depends on the size and breed of the puppy ( but there are no sides to contain a wiggly puppy ) .
recalibrating is very simple . i always recalibrate . i believe it does zero after each item .
i use it to weight envelopes for the office and they have never been returned for insufficient stamps .
yes , but it will need minor hardware added . current hooks only positioned for horizontal hanging .
i use it everyday just for that reason and i love it !
no , not magnetic . and it is so cheaply made that it had to be shipped to me three times - every time damaged beyond any repair ( i mean gashes and holes 2 '' -4 '' in diameter ) . i finally got a full refund and wished i never waisted my time on purchasing this board ! whatever shipping service this outfit uses is entirely careless !
not heavy
no it is not , it is simply hardboard
well , it 's not real slate , but it 's also not glossy - more of a matte surface . i use it every day and love it , but good luck getting one that is n't cracked , chipped or punctured . it 's shipped in thin cardboard brown craft paper with no protection - i received three and they were all damaged . i did receive a full refund for each though - they have good customer service .
it 's basically a sheet of masonite with a cheap wooden frame . you could easily remove the frame and then the board would be roughly the thickness of paneling .
it can be hung either way ! there is no ledge at all on the board !
hello tim , yes , it is a slate-lilked surface on a hardboard wood and you should be able to remove the frame and use any kind of wood you want but i would keep the solid red oak frame for myself , just saying ! good luck with your decision , either way it will look nice ! muffin3027 @ yahoo.com
you can hang it . there are little hooks
not sure - still have ink - over 100 pages printed to date on cartridge
at least as much as h-p and the print is sharp .
the drawer can take either legal or letter size hanging folders .
the top of this pedestal will hold up to 30lbs .
not from us , sorry .
metal
the total height of this sauders artice is 28 '' ( 28 inches top to bottom )
the casters bring the unit off the floor about 1 2 inch or so . i have it at work so i ca n't measure it tonight . but will in the morning .
folders hang side to side . drawer does n't pull completely out to prevent it from tipping over . note , the drawers are small .
12 '' x 13.75 ''
28 1 2 inches high including the casters , 15 1 2 wide , 20 inches in depth . i love the piece , well made .
i have a dark walnut desk next to it which blends nicely . it is very similar but i would best describe it as a little brighter cherry walnut type finish . this may be more confusing than helpful .
i wish i had a solution for you but unfortunately i had to scrap my hp officejet for the exact same issue . we tried changing all of the cartridges , including the black twice , just in case it was just a bad head and we even updated the software . after dealing with this ink-guzzling monster for over a year we junked it and got the epson workforce printer . we 're having much better ink use with the new printer .
is the hp officejet 6500 a wireless ?
shannon ... .open your time card software and log in . go to reports at the top of the page then click on timecards . find the change you want to make ( time in or time out ) click on which ever one you need to change . make the change and be sure to hit the submit button at the bottom of the edit box . hope this helps .
if you want to access the clock off of the network it 's on , you will need to open port 9844 on your router . you can then type in the clock 's public ip address into a browsing window follwed by 9844 and you will hit the clock ( if the port has been opened successfully ) . ( ex . 208.180.188.104:9844 ) . icon has great technical support if you need help setting up your router . i believe you recieve free support for 30 days starting the day you purchase the clock . hope that helps , zach
yes , you can program each pin when you setup the employee . we have the entire ss number as our employee pin .
we use ours on our networks . i actually have two locations and two units . one is a slave to the master and they connect over the internet . i assume if you use the usb cable it would give you the same access . btw , it interfaces well with quick books .
yes i am using both my clocks on windows 8 presently
i have contacted icon tech support on a few occasions and they are always very helpful even after my warranty had expired ! i would suggest giving them a call !
quality is excellent . you have many formats and dpis you can save in , including in pdf , color , black and white and grey scale
i do n't know the specific number of pages . i do know that the unit covers copies , printing , scanning and faxes . that make the count of pages nearly impossible as the density of print could be different on each of the applications . this printer is perfect for our needs . we have one in each of our offices . sorry i could n't give you a number but i hope this helps .
the printer has a scanning function that can only be accessed via on your computer . there is no actual button on the printer .
no . ethernet or usb
no this is a black and white printer
yes
i do n't know . this blog says there is a way to do it . http : h30434.www3.hp.com t5 scanning-faxing-and-copying scanning-on-laserjet-pro-m1536dnf td-p 1394657
nope . i know it us very tough to pivot the extension legs . i just pulled really hard and they folded out .
there is a compartment under the mouse pad that you open and in it is a usb cable that plugs into the computer usb terminal and also plugs into the table ( it is a smaller plug ) . the fan comes on automatically . i have never used the fan but once . i use the table about two or two and one half hours at a time .
the table comes with the cable needed to connect to the laptop . the connection into the laptop is a standard usb connector not a mini . hope this helps . i love this table .
by unfolding the legs completely , it doubles the height when the legs are extended normally .
i think the 17.3 laptop will be a little big for it when inclined . the stand will certainly hold it as it is very sturdy . if you wo n't mind the laptop 's frame being slightly bigger than the inclining panel , go for it !
the laptop desk i received from them has attached legs . they hook up into the bottom of the desk itself and then you can pull them down . the legs shown in the first advertisement picture is the size the legs are when you first pull them down from the bottom of the desk . you can also unfold another set of `` legs '' from inside the first set to extend the length of the desk , as shown in the second , third , and fourth pictures . however , the `` second '' set of legs is much less stable than the `` first '' set that only extends about 6 inches . using the `` second '' set extends the reach of the desk about an entire foot , 12 inches , though . it really depends on what your needs are . for my needs , i just use the laptop desk while doing homework on sitting on the couch , and all i usually need are the first set of `` legs '' to hold it above my lap and still allow for airflow to my computer . my fiancé really likes the fact that the laptop side and the mouse side both can be lifted `` up '' and locked in place at different angles , allowing for you to see the laptop or hold the mouse in different positions . the laptop desk i received from them has attached legs . they hook up into the bottom of the desk itself and then you can pull them down . the legs shown in the first advertisement picture is the size the legs are when you first pull them down from the bottom of the desk . you can also unfold another set of `` legs '' from inside the first set to extend the length of the desk , as shown in the second , third , and fourth pictures . however , the `` second '' set of legs is much less stable than the `` first '' set that only extends about 6 inches . using the `` second '' set ... » read more the laptop desk i received from them has attached legs . they hook up into the bottom of the desk itself and then you can pull them down . the legs shown in the first advertisement picture is the size the legs are when you first pull them down from the bottom of the desk . you can also unfold another set of `` legs '' from inside the first set to extend the length of the desk , as shown in the second , third , and fourth pictures . however , the `` second '' set of legs is much less stable than the `` first '' set that only extends about 6 inches . using the `` second '' set extends the reach of the desk about an entire foot , 12 inches , though . it really depends on what your needs are . for my needs , i just use the laptop desk while doing homework on sitting on the couch , and all i usually need are the first set of `` legs '' to hold it above my lap and still allow for airflow to my computer . my fiancé really likes the fact that the laptop side and the mouse side both can be lifted `` up '' and locked in place at different angles , allowing for you to see the laptop or hold the mouse in different positions . « show less
not a problem , it will support your laptop with ease .
just measured mine , it is 20 1 2 , however , it fits my 17 '' laptop fine
no . you could not sit in bed in that way while using this table because it has 19 inch wide between legs .
i have handle door knob as well , and it works the same as the `` neck '' of the door knob is the same .
i have not used it on a concrete floor but if the floor is clean i see no reason why it wo n't work as advertised . i do know that on vinyl , carpet and wood you have to tear the door off the hinges to get by it
as per specs - 78cm to 115cm , or 2'6 '' to 3'9 '' . plenty for all doors i 've seen .
it extends from 78 to 115 cm
quite a bit . my housemate put it in the door one day before i home . i though the door was stuck so i was throwing my body at it and the door was n't budging . that is with it setup on vinyl ; not sure how it stands on carpet .
https : drive.google.com open ? id=0bxuaaj33p8tadtm2evltn2non2m &authuser; =0
yes , comes preconfigured that way . you can remove that feature , change it to < tab > or < lf >
yes it does . i have it sitting on my desk next to my computer . just put your curser in the field and scan the bar code . very easy !
you want to check that your device is plugged in and is detected as a keyboard device . for more in-depth info , will need information on your os and what program you 're accepting the bar codes on .
i hadthe same problem . i retrurned it for credit
ahh i know what you mean , you want it to not `` carriage return '' or `` c r '' ... yes this scanner can be done that way . you are doing exactly what i needed it for at the time whn i needed it . you scan and it can tab or scan and not hit enter ... prevented from entering the number without having a chance to enter the rest of the information lol ... yes you can with this for those wondering
i have n't used them frequently but they seem to always work when the grand kids come no matter how long it has been between uses . they have a blast with them . hope this helps .
hi matt ... the pens are for my grandaughters ... they write on computer paper with them . any other paper i would not know about
the light is in the end cap of the pen , it has a twist top that allows you to change the button batteries .
the pens are colored , the ink is not . ink is invisible and only shows up once black light is shined on it . black light is in the tip of each pen .
they are black lights i believe idk of the are real uv lights
about the same as any normal felt tip pen . no more , no less .
no
i think it would only work well writing on paper . it 's not permanent the way a sharpie is .
it works very well for the canon mx870 . just be sure you read the installation instructions . it does n't install exactly like canon ink even though they look similar . love the price !
not sure what the question is , if it is ink compatibility then you need to use the one recommend by manufacturer .
yes , they 're working great in my mp530 .
the cartridges i 've ordered that were shipped from sophia global are excellent ! a pastor at a church recommended this brand and i 've been using them ever since . i have mx870 4in1 .
yes , they do . my experience with these has been awesome !
i have a canon mx870 and they are working fine .
thank you for your message . for the mg5500 series , you will need the pgi-250xl cli-251xl cartridges . if there is anything else that we can help you with , please let me know . have a great day !
thank you for your message . no , you will actually need the pg-245 cl-246 cartridges for your printer . have a great day !
what 's the question ? i used it on my mx870 printer.works fine , quality of print is very good . i have a teenager that prints a lot of stuff . so far no issues . i use to refill my cartridges and this is better and cost about the same .
yes these printers work very well with windows 7. i 've installed several for my customers and they have the easiest software setup i 've ever used .
go to http : www.usa.canon.com home . look for customer support . you can download the manual and software from there .
not natively , but you can plug it into a wireless router .
within 5-6 seconds . i 'm 100 % pleased with this aio . i 've had it for i guess 18 months and have n't had any problems . highly recommended .
unfortunately it does not have auto capability . legal and letter have to be printed manually . alternating tray and drawer . it would also depend of course on your source of printing . must be compatable to even print manually . sorry :0 (
yes , it is just like a normal pencil box but double the size . it has a molded plastic hinge .
i 'm not 100 % sure because my son keeps it at school but it looks like its the same . the picture looks identical and the measurements are the same . it holds a ton of school supplies .
individually , and these are large .
the dimensions are listed under product details further down on the page : 11.5 x 7.6 x 2.9 inches
yes they do . the `` thank you '' is on the front , and the inside is blank .
yes i used a regular stamp ( forever stamp to be exact )
i used ms word , and these were my settings : paper size : width 6 '' height 7.4 '' margins : top 4.2 '' ( so the message only appears in the bottom half of the card when folded ) left 1 '' gutter 0 '' bottom 0.2 '' right 1 '' gutter position left.hope this is useful .
silver
yes , this pack definitely comes with envelopes ... . i know , hard to believe because of the price . i liked it so much we have re-ordered . we 're using it for political campaign and it 's inexpensive , looks and feels classy and is perfect for sending a large volume of thank-yous . we hand-wrote all , so i ca n't review how they work in a printer , but i 'm sure they will work fine there too .
there is no print on the back . the only writing on the card is the front where it says `` thank you ''
i do not know the weight but each card feels like a typical greeting card yet still fits into my printer .
yes . i believe i have been using 40 # or greater brochure paper .
a one year warranty on factory defects . suggest calling mbm for info as to any additional warranty available.i would also suggest that just routine maintenance would keep this machine operating for some .
it will likely jam . i purchased the machine to fold 40lb . brochure paper and it jams after the first page . i spoke with the company that the machine came from and the manufacturer and was told by both that it is really only meant to fold normal copy paper . the description would lead you to believe otherwise . this is only a good purchase if you are intending on only folding one page letters for which it works great .
yes , you can adjust them easily and for any length of the page . this folder works wonderful !
you can load up to 25 sheets at a time and it will fold them .
everything i 'm seeing is paper weight 16 to 80lbs not type of paper . mbm is close for the night ! what weight is the glossy paper ? anthony j argy sr.full color copier inc .
i have never tried but i would say no
yes , the pads are permanently attached .
i had the same problem ! 27.5 '' wide and 9.5 '' deep . i really like this tray !
the keyboard holder includes a fairly large mounting plate that is about 6 inches wide by 18 inches deep . it attaches to the underside of the desk with several screw . easiest way to mount the plate is to lie on your back under the desk , mark the placement of the plate in pencil and then drill pilot holes . the plate needs to be mounted within 1 inch ( approx ) of the leading edge of the desk . the keyboard holder can then be adjusted to a variety of heights ( e.g . below , even with or above the surface of the desk ) . i 've found slightly below the desk to be the most comfortable . when not in sue the tray can be lowered and slid completely under the desk . hope that helps . the keyboard holder includes a fairly large mounting plate that is about 6 inches wide by 18 inches deep . it attaches to the underside of the desk with several screw . easiest way to mount the plate is to lie on your back under the desk , mark the placement of the plate in pencil and then drill pilot holes . the plate needs to be mounted within 1 inch ( approx ) of the leading edge of the desk . the keyboard holder can then be adjusted to a variety of heights ( e.g . below , even with or above the surface of the desk ) . i 've found slightly below the desk to be the most comfortable . when not in sue ... » read more the keyboard holder includes a fairly large mounting plate that is about 6 inches wide by 18 inches deep . it attaches to the underside of the desk with several screw . easiest way to mount the plate is to lie on your back under the desk , mark the placement of the plate in pencil and then drill pilot holes . the plate needs to be mounted within 1 inch ( approx ) of the leading edge of the desk . the keyboard holder can then be adjusted to a variety of heights ( e.g . below , even with or above the surface of the desk ) . i 've found slightly below the desk to be the most comfortable . when not in sue the tray can be lowered and slid completely under the desk . hope that helps . « show less
yes if your desk is deep enough . mine is about 23 1 2 inches deep so just make sure to measure the depth of your desk to be sure that it will .
the screws seemed relatively short to me , certainly less than an inch long . there are several screws . i was using a hollow-core door as a desktop , and after i bought this drawer , my roommate made me a new desktop out of solid plywood , 5 8 '' thick , and the screws went into that nicely . the fellowes keyboard drawer is very sturdy , and i like it a lot , once it was assembled .
according to my ruler , the shelf extends down from the bottom of the desk about five inches at the front and four inches at the back . these measurements are from the top of the shelf to the bottom of the desk . the device is about 1 2 inch thick , so must consider that if you are interested in the measurement to the floor . there is not enough clearance to allow the arms of my chair to go beneath the product ( and desk ) ... but i guess that depends how high or low you adjust your chair .
the tray area itself is 27.5 '' w x 9.2d '' . the piece that attaches the tray area to the desk is ( i will break this up in to 3 sections first then an overall flat piece since there are 3 parts ) 22 5 8 long by 5 1 2 wide . the 3 pieces ( top being the piece that actually attaches to the underside of the desk ) is 17.5 '' long by 5.5 '' wide when laying flat . the middle piece ( i 'll call it the arm ) is the piece that angles down or flat that is adjustable is 7.5 '' long ( from here on out nothing is wider than the 5.5 '' minus the tray area . the bottom piece mounts to the underside of the tray so i am not including it in length or anything like that since it really does n't change the dimensions at all . i hope this helps ! the tray area itself is 27.5 '' w x 9.2d '' . the piece that attaches the tray area to the desk is ( i will break this up in to 3 sections first then an overall flat piece since there are 3 parts ) 22 5 8 long by 5 1 2 wide . the 3 pieces ( top being the piece that actually attaches to the underside of the desk ) is 17.5 '' long by 5.5 '' wide when laying flat . the middle piece ( i 'll call it the arm ) is the piece that angles down or flat that is adjustable is 7.5 '' long ( from here on out nothing is wider than the 5.5 '' minus the tray area . the bottom piece mounts to the ... » read more the tray area itself is 27.5 '' w x 9.2d '' . the piece that attaches the tray area to the desk is ( i will break this up in to 3 sections first then an overall flat piece since there are 3 parts ) 22 5 8 long by 5 1 2 wide . the 3 pieces ( top being the piece that actually attaches to the underside of the desk ) is 17.5 '' long by 5.5 '' wide when laying flat . the middle piece ( i 'll call it the arm ) is the piece that angles down or flat that is adjustable is 7.5 '' long ( from here on out nothing is wider than the 5.5 '' minus the tray area . the bottom piece mounts to the underside of the tray so i am not including it in length or anything like that since it really does n't change the dimensions at all . i hope this helps ! « show less
27 1 2 inches by 9 1 2 inches and will articulate downward and inward for stowing . when fully extended up and outward , it will articulate about 35 degrees left and right , assuming that you install it so that it will pull out away from the desk front . hope that helps . john
no
`` apple '' is not a question .
no to all your questions : (
yes , i am using mine on win8 .
i purchased a `` refilled '' replacement black large capacity cartridge from one of the reliable ink cartridge dealers and it works the same as the initial small capacity black cartridge that came with the printer . i have my settings on : mono , duplex , and toner saving mode and just make a change when i need color . saves paper and ink as i tend to print a lot .
yes . i 'd use open manual slot adjusting width guide for envelope , instead of the lower paper tray . also , you may have to setup on `` print '' command within your program ( e.g . word , textedit , or indesign ) .
all new printers come with starter cartridges as far as i am aware . these particular ones have seemed to last longer than in some other models that we have compared to prior printers for the same departments however , they do not last as long as the replacement toner for the same time period according to my users .
in general , ink jet or commercial printing may be best for heavy card stock . my experience with color laser printers of the home office variety is that they are very picky about maximum paper thickness and the max paper thickness they allow is not very thick . even envelopes have caused me problems with home office variety color laser machines and even the commercial grade color laser for the printing company that did work for me allowed only moderate thickness of paper .
this is a printer , not a computer and yes it is apple compatible , it is accessed either on a wired ethernet or by wireless network
it has functioned without any problem as a replacement for the original .
i took all of my toners out & used a paint brush to lightly clean both sides of the drum ... also be sure to calibrate the cartridges ...
you can continue to use it and it will work for a period of time , however , you had better order one as its useful life is coming to an end .
no
i had no problem with ours ... ... i read the instructions and did what i supposed to ( that 's a change for me ) our machine is a brother 9560 cdw so maybe you have the wrong drum ?
yes it will
no
this system is very easy to use . to edit punches you just pull up the user interface go into the missed punch and manually edit it . we have ours integrated with quick books as well . we plugged ours into the network and had it up and running in about an hour . hope that helps .
no such luck . it is a very basic clock .
we have n't paid one . there maybe services you can pay for , but if so we have n't opted for them and have had no issues .
yes you can
we do n't know and that could be something that pyramid needs to address . you simply have to remember if you are clocked in or clocked out : - (
for just printing- you do not need any other software , although it does have operating system requirements , i believe . i use excel and acrobat distiller . you have 2 options for printing and saving . when you select create report from the report section , it generates a screen view , that allows for just printing of their screen . it does not allow changes to be made and does not allow you to select a save feature . it provides each employee per page of the report . or , from that screen you can export into an excel file . the layout changes a little and i prefer the other better . the excel formatting combines all employees , so you would have to adjust it by adding or deleting cells to view just one employee per page . to save in the initial view format , i choose to select print to acrobat distiller , and then print it to my desktop instead of printing to my printer . then you are left with one pdf file that contains 1 page per employee . good luck ! i like the system and it is easy to use , but i have been experiencing some punches disappearing ( after i seen them in the system on a prior log in ) , but i have not contacted anyone on this issue yet . for just printing- you do not need any other software , although it does have operating system requirements , i believe . i use excel and acrobat distiller . you have 2 options for printing and saving . when you select create report from the report section , it generates a screen view , that allows for just printing of their screen . it does not allow changes to be made and does not allow you to select a save feature . it provides each employee per page of the report . or , from that screen you can export into an excel file . the layout changes a little and i prefer the other better . the excel ... » read more for just printing- you do not need any other software , although it does have operating system requirements , i believe . i use excel and acrobat distiller . you have 2 options for printing and saving . when you select create report from the report section , it generates a screen view , that allows for just printing of their screen . it does not allow changes to be made and does not allow you to select a save feature . it provides each employee per page of the report . or , from that screen you can export into an excel file . the layout changes a little and i prefer the other better . the excel formatting combines all employees , so you would have to adjust it by adding or deleting cells to view just one employee per page . to save in the initial view format , i choose to select print to acrobat distiller , and then print it to my desktop instead of printing to my printer . then you are left with one pdf file that contains 1 page per employee . good luck ! i like the system and it is easy to use , but i have been experiencing some punches disappearing ( after i seen them in the system on a prior log in ) , but i have not contacted anyone on this issue yet . « show less
i did n't need the install cd . i just went thru the network setup & it was then discoverable by my mac & iphone
product dimensions : 13.2 x 16.8 x 4 inches ; 17.1 pounds - it 's right on the amazon website ! the real dimension is that this is probably the most useless printer on the market because it goes offline for no apparent reason , needs a hard reboot each time ( literally unplug the thing and wait 30 minutes and then plug it in again ) , gets stuck initializing , and hp have no fix for this - or any clue what the problem is . do your research and buy something else .
yes you can . you just need to set that up on the scan options on your computer . i have done this with pdf format , but not sure if it works for other file formats .
i have used them with many different gateways with different processors and never had a problem . sometimes u have to go to magtek site and change modes , but they are still fine . i would think that it would work fine .
it has a standard usb connection on the end of the cable , and the cable is not detachable .
i 've been using this card swipe on both windows xp and windows 7 computers and once they are plugged in to a usb port on the computer they automatically install the driver with no extra software needed . on the computer you need to go to the field where you want the scanned data from the swiped card to be placed then just swipe the card and it will pull the data from the swiped card and populate that field on the computer . if you are using it for credit cards then you need to know that credit cards can have up to 3 tracks of information on them but this scanner only reads 2 tracks of information which is typically fine and in most cases on the 1st track of information is need . this card swipe can also be programmed to adjust what it reads from the card . if you need to do this you will need to go to the manufactures site and download the software to program it and you will most likely need help from their tech support to do so . hope this helps ! i 've been using this card swipe on both windows xp and windows 7 computers and once they are plugged in to a usb port on the computer they automatically install the driver with no extra software needed . on the computer you need to go to the field where you want the scanned data from the swiped card to be placed then just swipe the card and it will pull the data from the swiped card and populate that field on the computer . if you are using it for credit cards then you need to know that credit cards can have up to 3 tracks of information on them but this scanner only reads 2 tracks of ... » read more i 've been using this card swipe on both windows xp and windows 7 computers and once they are plugged in to a usb port on the computer they automatically install the driver with no extra software needed . on the computer you need to go to the field where you want the scanned data from the swiped card to be placed then just swipe the card and it will pull the data from the swiped card and populate that field on the computer . if you are using it for credit cards then you need to know that credit cards can have up to 3 tracks of information on them but this scanner only reads 2 tracks of information which is typically fine and in most cases on the 1st track of information is need . this card swipe can also be programmed to adjust what it reads from the card . if you need to do this you will need to go to the manufactures site and download the software to program it and you will most likely need help from their tech support to do so . hope this helps ! « show less
yes , it will work with windows 8 .
after you order the stamp the company will email you a request for the following information : '' 1. notary name2 . state3 . commission expiration date4 . commission number5 . notary city town6 . county7 . ink color : black , blue , purple8 . notary id # ( if applicable ) 9. if your state requirements allows circular or rectangular please advise which one you will like . ''
the diameter is 1.5 inches . but it says the stamp will be made to your state 's specifications . after you purchase the stamp the company sends you an email survey to get all of your information .
i purchased the rectangle notary stamp . with notary stamps you 're limited to what actually appears on your state 's notary seal . just fill in the blanks . i think if i were to order another one , i would get the round . their other stamps have all sorts of choices as far as characters per line and font size . i hope this helps .
county name is at the bottom ; comm # is on a line above the name
never worked for me , period .
the epson workforce 615 is listed on the chip resetter package , however , bear in mind that this device is manufactured in china , and i have successfully reset only 50 % of the ink cartridges that i have used it on , furthermore , the chip resetter does not come with an accurate alignment guide , and must be used with good lighting and a steady hand .
do n't know about the t0601 ( ? ) cartridges . i have a larger epson 3880 printer . but why would you want to reset the original epson cartridges , which usually can not be configured to be refilled - as far as i know .
works with my epson cartridge to681 & to692
no ! do n't buy it waist of money !
never worked on anything . i would not recommend this product .
no !
yes they are and they shred into confetti not just strips . this is the best shredder i have owned .
this shredder is a monster . i 've had it for several months and have no issues . i use it a lot . ca n't beat the price for the quality you get !
the basket is great . i have had basket issues with other units but this one slides in and out with ease . i even line it with a disposable plastic bag to make it easier to dump and it slides and fits perfectly . i ca n't say enough about this unit . and i may have said before : it 's quiet ! the shreds are teeny too so you do n't have to empty as often .
we have had a couple of shredders in the past . we have taken a piece of paper to be shredded and covered the sheet with vegetable oil and then ran it through the shrewder . we do this each time we empty the basket . we now see that there is a 'special oil ' to use . best experience we have to offer .
14.5 deep 18.8 wide 27 tall
6.0 amp
i am going to say , not likely ... ... . the slot is for paper . if the fingers were small enough to get in the slot , they 'd likely not be long enough to reach the blades ... ... and to top it offthey would have to activate the sensor to turn the blades on ... ... . it would take a very freaky occurance for all of this to happen . it 's as safe a shredder as you are likely to find .
yes , the on off switch is on thew top left .
i truly have not any serious problems like this . i downloaded the latest software and have had to restart occasionally , but that 's it . sorry that i do n't have more info . wish you the best !
labeling indicates `` yes , '' but it did n't work for me . never had a similar problem before or since .
betty piccolo asked '' does this printer have automatic 2 sided print ? '' the kodak esp 3250 all-in-one does not have automatic 2 sided print . fancy copiers and printers will actually print one side , reverse the paper , and print the other side automatically . the esp 3250 has no such mechanism . it does have a software capability to print only odd- or even-numbered pages . if you have a twenty-page document , you could theoretically print them on ten sheets of paper by printing pages 1 , 3 , 5 , ... 19 , removing the pages , re-inserting them , and printing pages 2 , 4 , 6 , ... 20 on the reverse sides . the problem is that a paper jam partway through the process is awkward to recover from , and you may wind up wasting as much paper as you were trying to save . i often print two-sided documents , but the process is not automatic . here 's how i do it : print page 1. with normal ( default ) settings , it will come out head-first , print side up . take page 1 , re-insert it head first , printed side up , and print page 2 on the reverse side . repeat , if necessary , for pages 3 and 4 , pages 4 and 5 , etc . it does n't take much more time than the odd-even trick , and it 's more robust . paper jams are rare if you feed in one sheet at a time , as opposed to ten . and if you do get a jam , recovery is easier . you ruin only one sheet of paper . once or twice a month , i need multiple copies of a two-sided document . i do n't even try to run these off on my printer . i print just one copy ( which can be either one-sided or two-sided ) and take it to the library , where they have a copier that 's designed for multiple copies of two-sided documents . if your library does n't have such a copier , try a commercial printer , such as kinko's.george hannauer betty piccolo asked '' does this printer have automatic 2 sided print ? '' the kodak esp 3250 all-in-one does not have automatic 2 sided print . fancy copiers and printers will actually print one side , reverse the paper , and print the other side automatically . the esp 3250 has no such mechanism . it does have a software capability to print only odd- or even-numbered pages . if you have a twenty-page document , you could theoretically print them on ten sheets of paper by printing pages 1 , 3 , 5 , ... 19 , removing the pages , re-inserting them , and printing pages 2 , 4 , ... » read more betty piccolo asked '' does this printer have automatic 2 sided print ? '' the kodak esp 3250 all-in-one does not have automatic 2 sided print . fancy copiers and printers will actually print one side , reverse the paper , and print the other side automatically . the esp 3250 has no such mechanism . it does have a software capability to print only odd- or even-numbered pages . if you have a twenty-page document , you could theoretically print them on ten sheets of paper by printing pages 1 , 3 , 5 , ... 19 , removing the pages , re-inserting them , and printing pages 2 , 4 , 6 , ... 20 on the reverse sides . the problem is that a paper jam partway through the process is awkward to recover from , and you may wind up wasting as much paper as you were trying to save . i often print two-sided documents , but the process is not automatic . here 's how i do it : print page 1. with normal ( default ) settings , it will come out head-first , print side up . take page 1 , re-insert it head first , printed side up , and print page 2 on the reverse side . repeat , if necessary , for pages 3 and 4 , pages 4 and 5 , etc . it does n't take much more time than the odd-even trick , and it 's more robust . paper jams are rare if you feed in one sheet at a time , as opposed to ten . and if you do get a jam , recovery is easier . you ruin only one sheet of paper . once or twice a month , i need multiple copies of a two-sided document . i do n't even try to run these off on my printer . i print just one copy ( which can be either one-sided or two-sided ) and take it to the library , where they have a copier that 's designed for multiple copies of two-sided documents . if your library does n't have such a copier , try a commercial printer , such as kinko's.george hannauer « show less
kodak # 10 series - 1 black & 1 color .
the function of the converter are fluid in motion but i ordered the wrong size i did n't send it back but will order another one but the right size.advise order the right converter ... . i hope this helps .mb
i have used a cross converter not specified for the cross model i have . i have three different cross fountain pens with converters and they all work far better tha parkers and sheaffers.if i were you i would give any of the many converters that resemble the one pictured -- the same type as in my cross pens .
i do n't know . the cross website does not list the cross dubai fountain pen . best thing would be to contact them at consumerre @ cross.comthe converter that you are asking about is the screw in style converter ( 8756 ) . the cross website says : `` screw-in style converter for torero , affinity , sauvage , c-series , sentiment , century ii , apogee , verve , and atx fountain pens enables the use of bottled ink in place of fountain pen ink cartridges . `` there is also a push-in style converter ( 8751 ) . for this push-in converter the cross website says : `` push-in style converter for cross townsend fountain pens enables the use of bottled ink in place of fountain pen ink cartridges . `` i just removed the 8756 converter that you are asking about from my cross century ii medalist . try remove your ink cartridge . the thread for the 8756 cartridge is visible about 3 mm down the inside of the tube containing the nib . it 's a fine thread cut into the metal tube , perhaps 48 threads per inch ( with a ruler , the 6 threads on the 8756 cover about 1 8 '' ) .hope that helps.if your pen is really slim then it might be based on the classic century or the spire model . there does not appear to be a a converter for those two models . the classic century is 8.1 mm wide ( dia ) , 141 mm long and weighs 17g empty . the spire appears to be a bit shorter . i do n't know . the cross website does not list the cross dubai fountain pen . best thing would be to contact them at consumerre @ cross.comthe converter that you are asking about is the screw in style converter ( 8756 ) . the cross website says : `` screw-in style converter for torero , affinity , sauvage , c-series , sentiment , century ii , apogee , verve , and atx fountain pens enables the use of bottled ink in place of fountain pen ink cartridges . `` there is also a push-in style converter ( 8751 ) . for this push-in converter the cross website says : `` push-in style ... » read more i do n't know . the cross website does not list the cross dubai fountain pen . best thing would be to contact them at consumerre @ cross.comthe converter that you are asking about is the screw in style converter ( 8756 ) . the cross website says : `` screw-in style converter for torero , affinity , sauvage , c-series , sentiment , century ii , apogee , verve , and atx fountain pens enables the use of bottled ink in place of fountain pen ink cartridges . `` there is also a push-in style converter ( 8751 ) . for this push-in converter the cross website says : `` push-in style converter for cross townsend fountain pens enables the use of bottled ink in place of fountain pen ink cartridges . `` i just removed the 8756 converter that you are asking about from my cross century ii medalist . try remove your ink cartridge . the thread for the 8756 cartridge is visible about 3 mm down the inside of the tube containing the nib . it 's a fine thread cut into the metal tube , perhaps 48 threads per inch ( with a ruler , the 6 threads on the 8756 cover about 1 8 '' ) .hope that helps.if your pen is really slim then it might be based on the classic century or the spire model . there does not appear to be a a converter for those two models . the classic century is 8.1 mm wide ( dia ) , 141 mm long and weighs 17g empty . the spire appears to be a bit shorter . « show less
yes , the bailey should take the screw in style of converters . the push in style is only for the townsend line , from what i understand .
yes franklin the serie bailey cross fountain pen use a pen converter screw in type .
you should be . i use it on a cross bailey .
cross does not advertise which converter will work , but the comments to the following blog has some people saying that this threaded one works if you push it on hard ( not threading it on ) , and others saying that the green push on converter works ( although one person said that he had to remove a spring from the pen body ? ) . the best advice on the blog is to email cross and ask them . reportedly they will answer but one person was told the green converter and another was told at a cross store that the orange one should be used . at least if you ask in email you have their recommendation in writing so if it does n't work or it breaks the pen you have grounds for a warranty claim . http : www.fountainpennetwork.com forum index.php topic 202266-cross-aventura-review cross does not advertise which converter will work , but the comments to the following blog has some people saying that this threaded one works if you push it on hard ( not threading it on ) , and others saying that the green push on converter works ( although one person said that he had to remove a spring from the pen body ? ) . the best advice on the blog is to email cross and ask them . reportedly they will answer but one person was told the green converter and another was told at a cross store that the orange one should be used . at least if you ask in email you have their recommendation in ... » read more cross does not advertise which converter will work , but the comments to the following blog has some people saying that this threaded one works if you push it on hard ( not threading it on ) , and others saying that the green push on converter works ( although one person said that he had to remove a spring from the pen body ? ) . the best advice on the blog is to email cross and ask them . reportedly they will answer but one person was told the green converter and another was told at a cross store that the orange one should be used . at least if you ask in email you have their recommendation in writing so if it does n't work or it breaks the pen you have grounds for a warranty claim . http : www.fountainpennetwork.com forum index.php topic 202266-cross-aventura-review « show less
no
10 inches x 8 inches x4.3 inches high .
the bar that connects the two horseshoe shaped pieces is easily disconnected from the horseshoe shaped pieces . however , you are still left with two horseshoe shaped pieces that are roughly 5 inches x 10 inches and one bar that is roughly 6 inches long .
comes complete as is- what do you mean by support arms ? arm support ?
yes , though the clips are not very tall . the rubber on the arms also hold a laptop in place well .
yes ! i have the 13 ' pro , but i think it would do just fine for an '11 inch air . it 's a great product .
about 4.5 '' but it is easily bent to be slightly taller or shorter in front .
no this printer is not .
it does come with the software drivers , and a basic online software to make badges , but if you want to make custome badges that the online software doesnt provide , its better if you purhcase the asure id express 7 .
no it does n't , and even after you purchase it , seems impossible to find one to buy since this model has been discontinued . i suggest getting one that 's already included or a different model .
no it does not
no . it only prints .
no . it just prints .
not fast enough when it jams
a year
no . the printer requires that all cartridges be in place to operate ; otherwise , you get an error message . and the printer 's technology can tell exactly which color cartridge is missing .
i am not sure about from an ipad , but from my mac it works just fine .
the cp1525 is great . it has an auto-cleaning feature that it cycles through . i have not physically cleaned any elements .
yes , one envelope can be fed at a time through the slot in the front . i often use it to feed photo paper and brochure paper and such to save the printer from having to deal with thick pieces which can cause a little more wear than i would like on the paper tray mechanism . the centering guides go down to 3 '' .
i suspect that this is an issue with the word processing software that you 're using . as an experiment , try taking the document that you are trying to print to another printer to see if the results are different . maybe ask a friend who has a different printer and send your document via e-mail ? printers follow format codes in the documents they print - they do n't have the ability to over-ride software commands . at least not that i know of .
hello bob-yes it can handle a4 and legal as well as executive , b5 ( iso ) , b6 ( iso ) , a5 , and a6 in both portrait and landscape settings . this is per the manual as i have not tried anything but letter size so far .
yup . i use it with my mac and macbook pro .
do n't know what a ups is , but i certainly have not noticed high power draw issues so i would say no , that is not normal . if ups is some power strip thingy are you sure your problem does not lie there ?
it can print both sides , but a manual flipping of the paper is required .
i just bought one today from office max for $ 50 .
they require 120 volt ac at 50 to 60 hertz in the u.s. if you need one for 220 vac you would need to acquire it in europe . the specifications are listed on most of the seller 's websites ... ... ..
check out this video or other video on youtube . http : youtu.be 09ptdb6lgi0
jpeg -- no choice
have you tried the manufacturer ? they should be able to direct you .
i do n't know the actual mechanics involved , but most of these small form scanners all suffer from the same problem . i tried 3 different brands and gave up . sorry i do n't have a better answer for you .
i have not used it to scan docs , sorry
yes , but all of these portable scanners i 've tried suffer from white lines in the scan .
yes , because you used memory card .
no
no it did not come with an sd card , but it has been very useful tool .
hi ruthie , yes , you will be able to make the monitor touch your desk if you 'd like , if it clears the front , you can get the bottom a little lower . it also tilts back quite a bit , so you can pull it down and then tilt it back , this arm is very nice , i have 3 of them !
the peace under the arm that you twist to make it tight to the table can be on something that is not perfectly flat . however , it should be on something basically flat and in such a way that it will not slide . if it slides then you are in trouble . if it goes on crooked but in such a way that it is not going to move around you should be fine , within limits of course . the under table clamp is 1 2 '' or maybe a more from the edge of the table . so , if the decorative bevel is not too deep or does not extend too far from the edge of the table it should be find . i suspect you could have a decorative bevel one inch below the bottom of the table that extends one inch of the edge of the table and the arm will work find . no guarantee , but i feel reasonable confident that should not be a problem . if the clamping part hits the bevel but also hits the bottom of the table and will tighten in that position you should also be find . again , no guarantees but i believe that would also work . good luck , it 's a great arm and very strong . the mounting bracket has several adjustments and in the worse case you can drill a single small hole through the table and put the locking peace directly under the table and it does n't matter what that hole is . you can mount in in the middle of your desk ( bad idea ) or off to the side or close to the front , whatever you want , but you have to be willing to drill the hole . good luck . the peace under the arm that you twist to make it tight to the table can be on something that is not perfectly flat . however , it should be on something basically flat and in such a way that it will not slide . if it slides then you are in trouble . if it goes on crooked but in such a way that it is not going to move around you should be fine , within limits of course . the under table clamp is 1 2 '' or maybe a more from the edge of the table . so , if the decorative bevel is not too deep or does not extend too far from the edge of the table it should be find . i suspect you could have a ... » read more the peace under the arm that you twist to make it tight to the table can be on something that is not perfectly flat . however , it should be on something basically flat and in such a way that it will not slide . if it slides then you are in trouble . if it goes on crooked but in such a way that it is not going to move around you should be fine , within limits of course . the under table clamp is 1 2 '' or maybe a more from the edge of the table . so , if the decorative bevel is not too deep or does not extend too far from the edge of the table it should be find . i suspect you could have a decorative bevel one inch below the bottom of the table that extends one inch of the edge of the table and the arm will work find . no guarantee , but i feel reasonable confident that should not be a problem . if the clamping part hits the bevel but also hits the bottom of the table and will tighten in that position you should also be find . again , no guarantees but i believe that would also work . good luck , it 's a great arm and very strong . the mounting bracket has several adjustments and in the worse case you can drill a single small hole through the table and put the locking peace directly under the table and it does n't matter what that hole is . you can mount in in the middle of your desk ( bad idea ) or off to the side or close to the front , whatever you want , but you have to be willing to drill the hole . good luck . « show less
my hp arm is mounted on a desktop and the middle support arm that attaches to the post is mounted at the top of the post . when the spring loaded section is raised as high as it will go , i measured 18.5 inches from the top of the vesa mounting plate to the desktop .
the clamp can take up to 2 inches thick .
6 and 3 8 '' by 4 and 3 8 '' approx .
i assume you mean a 5 ' person , not 5 '' . it is a very sturdy , versatile stand . i have it attached to my standard height desk and it 's perfect for my application . i am 6 ' tall and i can raise it while sitting so i am looking up at screen . but if i stand , i would not be able to raise it enough to have it level with my line of sight , even if i were 5 ' tall .
if you tighten the arm it appears to handle a 27 lb monitor just fine . if you are like me and move it around a lot , then it does become less durable over time and need re-tightening . i have a 28inch monitor on it and it handles it just fine . i kept the monitor attached to the small desk and rolled it some 500 feet with the monitor dangling , and only have had to re-tighten it once so far . does this help ?
if you drill create a hole in the cabinet surface , then you do n't need an `` edge of the table '' . the diameter of the circle is about 2 inches i think ... pretty much the diameter of the arm itself .
i think that by any definition the monitor can easily be moved around . during installation you should adjust the spring tension to adjust for your monitor weight . that is pretty easy to do because it is just a matter of turning a screw . once you have the tension adjusted you can easily move the monitor up down in out left right with one hand . the tilting mechanism is a little less easy depending on the size weight of your monitor . i have 2 of these arms at my desk , one with a 27 '' monitor and the other with 12 '' cintiq . the smaller lighter cintiq is a little harder to maneuver , but i still would not call it hard . the tilting control just seems to be friction based , so a smaller monitor has less leverage and heft to overcome the friction . i think that by any definition the monitor can easily be moved around . during installation you should adjust the spring tension to adjust for your monitor weight . that is pretty easy to do because it is just a matter of turning a screw . once you have the tension adjusted you can easily move the monitor up down in out left right with one hand . the tilting mechanism is a little less easy depending on the size weight of your monitor . i have 2 of these arms at my desk , one with a 27 '' monitor and the other with 12 '' cintiq . the smaller lighter cintiq is a little harder to maneuver , but ... » read more i think that by any definition the monitor can easily be moved around . during installation you should adjust the spring tension to adjust for your monitor weight . that is pretty easy to do because it is just a matter of turning a screw . once you have the tension adjusted you can easily move the monitor up down in out left right with one hand . the tilting mechanism is a little less easy depending on the size weight of your monitor . i have 2 of these arms at my desk , one with a 27 '' monitor and the other with 12 '' cintiq . the smaller lighter cintiq is a little harder to maneuver , but i still would not call it hard . the tilting control just seems to be friction based , so a smaller monitor has less leverage and heft to overcome the friction . « show less
yes ! it takes some trial and error with adjusting the tightness of the screws , but once you get it adjusted to the way you like it , it will stay in place .
usa
about 1 2 '' margin from end of tape ... just depends what your labeling if it 's wasted tape . no way to adjust margins with this labeler . i just do n't like the quality of the tape . it always curled up after a few weeks . it does not stick very well..good for temporary labeling.i would not use this labeler if it is used for your job ... just nice for using at home once a month.i am using the rhino 6000 ... now that 's a labeler if you label a lot of stuff ... many styles and types of labels ... awesome features ... best on the market for cable pullers ... .netdoctor
you need a new battery pack ! the battery charge should normally last for at least a week .
yes . extracted from user guide : creating multi-line labels '' you can print a maximum of four lines on a label.the number of lines you can print on a label depends on the label width you have selected.￼￼￼￼￼label width1 4 '' ( 6 mm ) 3 8 '' ( 9 mm ) 1 2 '' ( 12 mm ) 3 4 '' ( 19 mm ) maximum number of lines1 line 2 lines 3 lines 4 lines￼to create a multi-line label1 type the text for the first line and press .2 type the text for each additional line and pressafter each line of text.3 press to print . '' yes . extracted from user guide : creating multi-line labels '' you can print a maximum of four lines on a label.the number of lines you can print on a label depends on the label width you have selected.￼￼￼￼￼label width1 4 '' ( 6 mm ) 3 8 '' ( 9 mm ) 1 2 '' ( 12 mm ) 3 4 '' ( 19 mm ) maximum number of lines1 line 2 lines 3 lines 4 lines￼to create a multi-line label1 type the text for the first line and press .2 type the text for each additional line and pressafter each line of ... » read more yes . extracted from user guide : creating multi-line labels '' you can print a maximum of four lines on a label.the number of lines you can print on a label depends on the label width you have selected.￼￼￼￼￼label width1 4 '' ( 6 mm ) 3 8 '' ( 9 mm ) 1 2 '' ( 12 mm ) 3 4 '' ( 19 mm ) maximum number of lines1 line 2 lines 3 lines 4 lines￼to create a multi-line label1 type the text for the first line and press .2 type the text for each additional line and pressafter each line of text.3 press to print . '' « show less
unfortunately , the adaptor will not power the unit . it will only charge the battery .
no , this unit just converts slides ( color or black and white ) to a memory device so that the slide can be printed as a picture or viewed online .
yes , see thie website via this link : http : www.ionaudio.com products details omni-scan
it is a standalone slide & film scanner , so no need to connect to a computer pc or mac . the sd card where the images are stored should be readable in either a pc or mac .
i have been scanning strips of negatives . a negative strip has to be at least 3 frames long , but if you have only one negative there is a single frame holder that you can use . the scanner has setting for negatives or slides . the negatives i have done so far have turned out fine when downloaded to my computer . be careful of your fingertips on the negatives , one scan had a nice thumb print on it . hope this helps .
it has drivers built in , you get a small 8 gig card put them on it first then plug the card into computer then transfer
one at a time only .
if you can mount it in a 35 mm slide frame , you can get it to work . the quality of a 110mm slide or negative , however , is very low and probably not worthy of the extra effort . you can reframe it with any computer editor , after it 's in an electronic format ( jpg ) . do n't expect much - they did n't make very good snapshots , even in their heyday ( 1970 's ) .
intent was to scan to a removable . not sure if you could do without . sorry can not be more helpful
my toner does n't register low and i have ben using it for a year and have printed a few hundred pages . it last a long time compared to ink cartridges .
yes , it can once configured
yes
it is not wireless .
it will print card stock
i have not tried it , but i do n't thinks so . you can go to this dell link and see the specifications for it on page 3. http : www.dell.com downloads emea products printer datasheets dell % 202155cn-cdn % 20multifunction % 20colour % 20laser % 20printers % 20 % 20datasheet_en_v1 % 20hr.pdf
if you are specifying `` grayscale '' or `` black & white '' in the print command , you have right to expect the printer to print it so . if you leave it to s w to decide whether you need yellow , it wo n't .
yes . mine is networked and it works great from all laptops or desktop computers on the network . scanning is somewhat slower over the network as opposed to usb , but it works .
ur right my mistake
you do n't need to replace the drum as frequently as the toner cartridges . splitting them reduces long-term costs . the machine tells you when you are approaching the end of the drum 's life .
yes , i purchased it for my brother mfc-9840cdw and it works fine .
i am really sorry to tell you that i do not know . i have not used mine in some years but i cant remember it having a microphone .
i bought this for my wife she loves it it takes a little getting use to i would recommend this
hi , this dictionary offers both cantonese and mandarin chinese . you have the option to select the dialect that fits your learning needs.-powerdictionary
16 '' w x 30 '' h x 20 '' d
no . they are used to attach the file cabinet to a desk or another file cabinet in the set . you can leave them off if you dont need them .
no they do not lock .
it does not come with wheels . the bottom of the four legs is a `` particle board '' that you could easily drill into and add your own wheels . it would probably be easier to just find one with wheels already .
11.5 wide by 13 long . the middle drawer is about 2inches deeper .
yes , both sides of cabinet are finished . i do not connect to anything either . the cabinet is in the bedroom and looks fine as a separate piece of furniture . it fits my needs completely and i like the looks of the cabinet . i am not completely sure what you mean about the 2 brackets on the right side of unit . however , there are two , basically plastic , inserts into each side of the unit . they insert into a fitted whole in the upper back of each side panel . i suppose they provide for the connectivity if one were to add on to the cabinet . they are not that noticeable to the eye and do not distract from the looks of the unit as a piece of furniture . at least that is my opinion ( a male ) . yes , both sides of cabinet are finished . i do not connect to anything either . the cabinet is in the bedroom and looks fine as a separate piece of furniture . it fits my needs completely and i like the looks of the cabinet . i am not completely sure what you mean about the 2 brackets on the right side of unit . however , there are two , basically plastic , inserts into each side of the unit . they insert into a fitted whole in the upper back of each side panel . i suppose they provide for the connectivity if one were to add on to the cabinet . they are not that noticeable to the eye and do not ... » read more yes , both sides of cabinet are finished . i do not connect to anything either . the cabinet is in the bedroom and looks fine as a separate piece of furniture . it fits my needs completely and i like the looks of the cabinet . i am not completely sure what you mean about the 2 brackets on the right side of unit . however , there are two , basically plastic , inserts into each side of the unit . they insert into a fitted whole in the upper back of each side panel . i suppose they provide for the connectivity if one were to add on to the cabinet . they are not that noticeable to the eye and do not distract from the looks of the unit as a piece of furniture . at least that is my opinion ( a male ) . « show less
yes .
no .
yes , the larger phone base will mount on a wall phone jack . you also need an electric outlet nearby to plug the phone into for it to work . the phone works well .
no it does n't . yet , its a good telephone .
i dont think it announces it . only shows up on pnone
i am pretty sure it is 6. at one point i looked to see if i could do the 'pick up on two if new message ' . but to no avail .
no you can not .
yes , the rechargeable batteries are included . ( if i remember , they are tucked into a separate little package . ) yes , there is an instruction pamphlet .
110v
can be if desired .
actually , the chair is ridiculously adjustable . you can definitely recline and tilt . i 'm still learning what all the levers do !
i bought this chair for my husband to use at work for better back support . i 'm about 5'6 and i would say that it 's good for head support but you would have to lay back on it because it bends backwards . you could definitely put a support pillow on it for your neck though . it 's a great chair !
at it 's highest point , it is 21 '' from ground to top of seat . the balls of my feet can reach the floor , but my heels are not touching . the seat itself is long enough that it almost reaches the bend in my knee , so it gives great support in that area as well . hope this helps !
i just measured mine ... .approximately 23 '' .
5'2 '' ? you could get a booster seat . jk . the back moves up and down and the armrests move in ( towards your body ) and out . now you ca n't move them in any further than the edges of the seat . so i do n't know if that 's enough for you . i would think so . it 's a great chair .
yes . they actually screw off , it 's quite easy .
yes , each arm is attached with a single screw knob
i 've had this chair since june of this year and i have had no issues with the seat deflating or squishing down . it shows little wear at all . and i have a larger than average bum !
this chair is rated for up to 250 lbs .
yes , the back of the chair can be independently raised and lowered . i 've had this chair about a year now and i love it . i work from home , so i sit in it 8 hours a day or more plus time on weekends .
no
there is a sheet feeder that will handle most sizes but you can only print one sheet at a time .
this printer takes 6 cartidges . yellow ( pfi-102y ) , magenta ( pfi-102m ) , cyan ( pfi-102c ) , black pfi-102bk & 2 x matte black ( pfi-102mbk ) . all new cartidges are 130ml of ink . the starter cartridges that come with the printer are about 60ml each .
yes to both .
24 '' wide by any length as it prints on roller paper . we love this printer . we use it for architectural and engineering drawings usually size d .
have n't really counted . probably a good 30 or so . the product is great and designer is easy to work with to make sure the product looks right . well worth the money . everyone at my office thinks i paid way more for the item than i did .
yes . but there is a very thick clear coat on it .
i would guess 25ish ?
hello , we contact you once the order is placed . this is done by phone and well as by email.we will not ship any orders unless we receive engraving information form you.thank you for your inquiry ! regards , terrymoore clocks & engraving services877-286-6313
hello lisa , if you do not provide customization at the time of check out , you will receive an email shortly after the order is placed asking for the customization . let me know if their is anything else i can help you out with.thank you , lauren
hello brenda , please email us the engraving details . we usually ship the next day once the information is received.thank you for your business ! best regards , terry moore
hello , yes , we can engrave the logo or artwork to the right of your name . we will need this emailed in a jpeg format.thank you for your inquiry ! regards , terryengraving services
yes it does .
both options
hi james , yes mine came assembled , but the drawers shook loose during shipping . i wrestled with it for a couple of hours trying to get the drawer supports attached correctly . i got it to work but the drawers still do n't function properly . i hope you have better luck !
yes , it does .
no it does not have a talking caller id .
yes .
it appeared to be new . either way new or refurbished they are nice and we are very happy with phones and the price .
metal
the front is raised by 1 4 '' and the back is raised by 1 5 8 '' . the front 1 4 '' raise is when you place the keyboard down into the stand so that the keyboard does not slip off of the stand . if if keyboard is placed on top of the front of the stand , then the keyboard would be raised 5 8 '' at the front .
it is a metal stand . i am guessing aluminum . except the little plastic cushions on the legs nothing else is plastic . i am very happy with it .
its metal and works great . i 've had it for 6+ months and its still working like its brand new .
yes , they are . very convenient .
wendy , sorry we can not do custom numbers . if you have any further questions you can call us at 1-800-242-4640
they are printed on heavy paper , not regular paper . very nice to work with .
they are perforated , easy to rip off
11.5 inches wide x 6 inches deep x 13 inches high
if you were to guess kathleen you would probably be right ... china . that being to case i still like it a lot because of its cross-cut shredding ability . recycling bags hold 2 to 3 times more because of the confetti size pieces .
top lifts off leaving the cuttings in the basket . easy to use and empty . not loud and cut well . i am happy with the shredder .
it makes 2 or 3 inch strips . technically it might be cross-cutting every 2 inches but i expected confetti .
an automatic deduction rule is standard , please call the manufacturer compumatic at 516-486-3538 with any questions
the compumatic mb1000 is touchless biometric technology . stand in front of the terminal , the cameras detect your facial features , and you are clocked in or out .
the computime 101 software can be upgraded to 100 , 250 , or unlimited employees .
there is not a battery to make this clock operate . it is powered by a wall outlet .
dear tropikist : to increase the number of employees in your time clock , you need to purchased an employee upgrade . from 50 to 100 , then to 250 and so on . if by users you mean extra pcs ; that 's another upgrade - multi pc user.for more info do not hesitate to contact us at 1-800-682-3389employee time clocks
ethernet , no yearly fees .
no . they will send forms with the current filling year which , at this point is 2013. there is no year on the picture of the form as it is probably a generic pic they can keep using for ads . the only way i know of to get past year forms is directly from the irs and they are free . go to irs.gov you will find it there .
no , this set of w-2 tax forms does not come with the cd .
i asked the same question . two people said they would be for 2013 , so i ordered them . have not received them yet .
it has all 3 copies .
you could type it in a word document and print . intuit likely has an inexpensive option that would be much easier .
yep
yes -- i was trying to get 2011 w-2 's and received 2014. they are the only ones available .
you will need to buy the envelopes and it takes a lot of aligning on the printer so make sure you have plenty of spares .
no .
yes it comes with toner . and , i print a lot every day ... and the toner is just now getting low . i shook the cartridge and it worked fine . since i do print all the time , i figure i will have to put a new cartridge in it in about a month since it is getting light but still able to read . note : i already purchased from amazon.. toner cartridges . there was a guy selling two for a much cheaper price than buying one at a time .
no , mine did not have a cable either . i was `` criticized '' for not knowing `` this is just how it is '' by some others when i asked same question on amazon .
i am using it with a macbook pro and it works fine . i had to download the driver from the canon website -- it took a few minutes to get it set up but it was not difficult .
yes you can . i just bought one off amazon for $ 16.45 . just search amazon and you 'll find some good deals on ink .
hello there ! no . this printer only operates from 120v to 127v ac 60hz.this is taken directly from the ul sticker on back side.there is no switch that allows for selection between voltages.hope this helps ! ( even though you are probably looking for a 240v 50hz switchable printer . ) good day .
it does , you may need to go on the ricoh website and down load the driver
i am not sure about the warranty , but we purchased this exact printer from amazon several months ago and have had absolutely no problems with it - it works great !
you use the bypass tray for 11 '' x17 '' paper . the tray holds only 25-40 papers at a time .
we have five users , all with windows 7 , and it works fine .
no but it has a builtin ethernet interface .
no mine does not have one and i am not aware that you can purchase one separately
machine itself is 9 '' tall , 14 '' deep & 15 '' wide . however , putting the catch tray on the front and the paper feed on the top , increases the footprint on your desk surface to 27 '' deep ( front to back ) and you will need at least 14 '' clearance in height .
it does come with a cartridge i do not know how many sheets it prints , we have used it for a few months and we still have not changed the ink
i did not use this machine at all . once i discovered that it did not answer , i immediately returned it . ron
it is rated for 250 lbs. , but i weigh 325 and i sit in it regularly with no problems .
almost 22 '' -- i have a pair too low for my customers . i can sell mine never used sitting her .
the description has crazy measurements . the only 13 '' i could find is from the floor to the bottom of the chair ! seat depth is 19 '' ; assembled height is approx 35 '' and seat width is 21 '' . it 's pretty standard and everyone in the office seems to like it .
if i recall the instructions when i put mine together , it said max weight was 250 pounds .
in the directions the tilt tention knob is saying to put it on the wrong way my boyfriend said.. he removed it and put it on in the opposite direction . it tilts back very far.. so far its a nice comfortable chair.. he spends at least 7 hours of his day in a chair.. so im sure he 'll let me know if he likes it . : )
absolutely . it is a very solid chair . i really am not sure what the rating is by the mfr , however , ours has been used by family members ranging from 250-300lb with no problems . just be prepared to lean back . even when the chair is upright , your back hardly will touch the support portion . great for lounging or watching tv , but if you plan to use for working daily , would not be a good back supporter .
i have the original warranty document that came with the chair . unlike matthew 's answer , mine says that it has a limited 5-year warranty ( i purchased in feb 2013 ) . it goes on to say that `` your alera reseller will work with ussco [ the manufacturer ] in supporting your warranty requests . '' since the chair is listed as sold shipped by amazon.com , it appears that they 're the go-to contact for any warranty requests . i was unable to find good contact information for the manufacturer , but in case anyone else wants to give it a go , their full company name is : united stationers supply co. ( per the warranty sheet ) . i have the original warranty document that came with the chair . unlike matthew 's answer , mine says that it has a limited 5-year warranty ( i purchased in feb 2013 ) . it goes on to say that `` your alera reseller will work with ussco [ the manufacturer ] in supporting your warranty requests . '' since the chair is listed as sold shipped by amazon.com , it appears that they 're the go-to contact for any warranty requests . i was unable to find good contact information for the manufacturer , but in case anyone else wants to give it a go , their full company name is : united stationers supply co ... . » read more i have the original warranty document that came with the chair . unlike matthew 's answer , mine says that it has a limited 5-year warranty ( i purchased in feb 2013 ) . it goes on to say that `` your alera reseller will work with ussco [ the manufacturer ] in supporting your warranty requests . '' since the chair is listed as sold shipped by amazon.com , it appears that they 're the go-to contact for any warranty requests . i was unable to find good contact information for the manufacturer , but in case anyone else wants to give it a go , their full company name is : united stationers supply co. ( per the warranty sheet ) . « show less
yes you attach the wheels to the base as part of assembly process . i do not think this chair would be safe or sturdy though just sitting on the plastic frame . the chair is well made , but the casters are designed to bear the weight not the plastic base .
yea it does ( 300lb ) but this thing is build surprisingly sturdy and i had three people sit in it together and it did n't even make a sound , great chair .
20 inches .
staples has it at 250lbs . http : www.staples.com alera-fraze-executive-high-back-swivel-tilt-soft-touch-leather-chair-black product_alefz41ls10b
definitely not real leather
this is not an official person but i am sure its at least 300 pounds , i have had several friends that are over that amount sit in it with no problems .
they require a uv light . you can order them on amazon .
these are water-soluble . they will wipe off easily from a non-porous surface such as a cell phone . not suitable or recommended for the purpose you suggest .
i doubt it . overall , the quality of these pens is very low . i would definitely say that it would be very easy for the ink to dissolve on the skin .
maybe , i never tried them on carpet and i gave them away to some students so i have no real way of testing it .
they will show up on any surface .
to the best of my knowledge it is permanent
it does not , but you can find a set with uv light here : invisible blue red yellow uv blacklight ink markers with keychain led blacklight
i 've written on glass with them . rocks should n't be a problem . if the rocks are real smooth like glass , the ink will rub off or smear easily . also ... in direct sunlight it 's difficult to see the ink with a uv light ( required ) . so you would need to use the light in dim evening light or after dark . the uv lights work best indoors or after dark . good luck , and have fun .
they are interchangeable and very easy to use .
with the set i purchased the locks were all keyed to the same key , so any key can open any lock .
they are all keyed the same .
but more than half inch . and can open them with a bit of force .
they are mini locks that weigh maybe an ounce or 2 each . they are similar to what would be on luggage and the actual lock piece is about a square inch .
i did n't mount cpu shelf on the inside . i think it may be possible . however , it will be difficult to move your leg . you ca n't seat with comfortable . it will be better if you mount on the left or right side .
i use a pretty lardge case aswell and it fits without a problem ...
the height is adjustable and it maxes out around 24.50 '' the width of the shelf itself is about 10 '' but there is a bar that attaches to the side of the self leaving only about 9.80 '' but that does n't have to be installed when assembling the desk . the depth of the shelf is 16.25 '' . my tower hangs over the front and back of the shelf some but that does n't seem problematic .
desk long : 47 inches , wide 24 inches , keyboard shelve to ground is about 24 inches . i like the desk , is very nice and let me use my 2 monitors .
i bought the desk and it is pretty sturdy . as for installing your own keyboard tray you would need to drill your own holes
with the storage shelf installed , on top of the desk , no they wo n't . if you choose not to install the storage shelf , then they would set side by side . with the storage shelf installed , you could put both monitors side by side in front of the storage shelf , but you would not have enough room for your mouse pad and mouse . no work space at all . hope i have n't confused you..
23 inches long , 9 inches wide .
hard to tell but i would pick lighter . this is a decent product but it is a bit light and does shake . the keyboard try is also small for my keyboard . still i would buy it again .
im am pretty sure i got three !
1 '' x 2 1 2 '' approx . i bought 3 in 2012. still using first one . others are stored in fridge . hope all this helps .
as i recall , it slides out . i have n't changed it in a while , but i have done it successfully .
pre inked
yes any key maker ll make a copy of that or if u lost the key then contact any of ur local lock smith .
yes it does come with keys . the drawer can be locked , unlocked , and opened using the included keys b
i use it with my laptop .
yes , this is what we use .
yes
5
printer to drawer only
yes . the only cord it comes with is the connection between the drawer & the printer . this is all you need since the printer provides the power .
when the remanufactured cartridge i received was n't recognized by my printer , i just called sophia global customer service and they immediately sent a replacement , no hassle , no problem . i 'm sure they will work with you and satisfy your needs . just call their customer service ( 785.865.3725 ) . their address is : sophia global1705 haskell ave. ste . alawrence , ks 66044good luck .
i have only a hp desk jet 1000 , so i do n't know if they work on an envy 5530. contact sophia global andask her , she will probably substitute the correct one . they are always very helpful ! dee
have no idea . am not too computer savvy . i used these some time ago . not lately .
i ca n't answer for a 1055 printer but sophia will return money if cartridge wo n't work .
this item comes with a limited 1 year manufacturer 's warranty .
i do n't know the answer to that . from the dimensions listed on the product description the overall unit appears to have a volume of about four cubic feet , but i do n't know how much of that is the actual bin .
universal products in general do a nice job . i think it would be just as good . one of our employees here are using it .
22 '' tall x 15 '' wide x 11 '' deep .
this item does not have wheels or casters .
i received the smallest size , which it appears to me bit expansive .
are you asking how to distinguish the tint color in the cartridge ? if so , use the color dot pattern over the ink refil holes as a guide .
i transfer about 3ml of ink from these to syringes and inject the ink . i found it difficult to transfer directly from the container to the cartridge without overfilling . i do n't recall there being instructions provided with these , but found useful information online . i remove the label or punch through it and do not re-cover the holes . this method works best for me .
i asked a question : what is the weight of this file cabinet ?
not quite
both drawers lock when you turn the key . glad i could help .
it def has the logo . i 'd have to measure it to find the exact height . it was a little shorter ( depth-wise ) than the other cabinet i had that i tried to match it with so be sure to check that , as i was a little disappointed with the depth .
letter size , 8x11
four
mine is letter size .
when i said 51 1 2 inches tall , tht is the body . there is another half inch of supports under the file for a total of 52 inches .
eighteen inches
the one i received locks all 4 drawers which is the officemax 22 inch deep 4 drawer cabinet . i like that all 4 drawers lock .
black
i would estimate that it weighs approximately 30 pounds when completely empty . when full , of course , it could weigh upwards of 100 pounds . it 's a very sturdy filing cabinet .
full opening
i do n't know
it is not together and i really do not know if it delivers it alone yet .
yes , it works perfect . it is a really good deal .
yes
yes
do n't know
about 2mm not counting bumps on underside . the bumps are a depth ofabout 3mm . i have had the mat for about a year now and it has worked well .
good morning . the lip is 19 3 4 '' wide , and reachs 9 '' inches under the desk . hope this helps . we are very happy with the cost & quality . we got free and very prompt shipping .
mine was delivered rolled . i do n't remember if that was a problem . however , the product was not acceptable . the motion of my desk chair caused it creep on the carpet from the initial position . it required frequent re-positioning . also the chair casters indented the surface . the chair tended to stay in the indentations ; it was difficult to re-position the chair in a new position .
i have not . having said that , i would guess that cutting one of these would be pretty difficult -- they are pretty thick heavy duty .
i 've had mine for a year , and it 's holding-up well on a thick carpet . i 've had several mats over the years and they all eventually split , but this one looks like it 's going to last longer than most .
25 inches
the info presented is a little confusing . it shows a picture of the `` everlife series '' mat and the price for the `` performance series '' mat . the amazon product description for the `` performance series '' matches the alternative that you cite at 53 x 45 x .2 inches and lists for $ 98.20 .
21 '' front to back and 5-1 12 inches side to side .
yes , they are on with a very light adhesive , and can easily be peeled off . you might then have to use an adhesive remover to get rid of any residue .
the keyboard tray measures 19 '' by 10-1 4 '' .
the tray is 21-1 4 '' wide . we have a full size ergo keyboard on it with number pad and there is room to spare .
i think it is . double check the screw length before installing . i did have a problem with the mouse tray screws coming loose underneath the laminated top and there was no fixing it without marring the laminate ... had to cut the laminate to retighten the screw . oddly enough , they have n't come loose since so maybe it was a manufacturing defect . other than that i 've really enjoyed using the tray . i slide it out or reposition it several times a day and it has n't loosened yet .
yes thomas it does slide in and out , tucking under the desk nicely ; in addition to being super adjustable . it 's honestly one of the nicest trays i 've ever used .
yes , but you can only put it part-way over . the overall tray can collapse to a total minimum width of 24.1 '' . it can not get any more narrow than that , so that 's how much space you 'll need under the desk . although i found that i never bother to fully put away the tray anyway .
only if the opening is as wide as the keyboard with the mouse tray .
rings are 1 inch . have sheet protectors and tab dividers with pockets ... plus room for a chromebook in the pocket and a legal pad in the back . just paper ... guessing up to 200 pages . have five and love them !
no it 's not , it 's riveted in .
it has a 3 ring binder for 8 1 2 x 11 paper and then a slit in the back if you want to slide an 8 1 2 x 11 pad into the back .
no
it 's about 4 1 2 '' wide by about 4 '' tall and about 3 4 '' deep . i store my iphone 5 in it .
we have them in oilfield trucks . the seem to do very good .
no it does not .
metal
when closed all 5 doors look identical . the bottom 4 pull out as file drawers . the top one hinges up and slides back leaving the appearance you see in the photo . that top section is also a file drawer but the rail for hanging folders comes off and you can use it as a shelf as in the photo .
mot sure what smead is , however , i use it for company , client and employee records ( both regular and legal sized hanging folders ) the top shelf fits binders wonderfully . note : when it is too full ( as mine is now ) the drawer locking system seems to get a little stuck . we are considering buying another one to distribute weight space .
yup , that is accurate .
yeah , but there are blocks in the back that prevent the drawer from being opened that way or from slipping out.i 'm sure with a sturdy pair of pliers you could bend it out of the way
yes . i took the storage tray out of mine because my goal was to 'open up ' that space on my desk . i chose this stand because the mesh would allow light to pass through , but the storage tray 'drawer ' seemed to add clutter to the space . i am using the tray as an open document tray on another place on my desk .
it 's about 17 '' . that 's measuring flat surface portion , the grillwork bends down on the left side . so , from where it starts bending down to the opposite edge is 17 ''
it is 11.9 deep and 19.9 wide . hope that helps .
yes very sturdy .
yes . i believe it will hold that weight . its very sturdy built . i think it would even hold an old style tube monitor which are very heavy .
i use it for a very heavy 27 '' imac and it 's fine . just make sure you need the amount of height it add . it 's not adjustable . to experiment . stack books or magazines 5 inches high . and then put youonitor on that . that 's what you will experience with this stand . very well built however and very strong .
the inside dimension space is 18-1 2 '' wide and the bottom of the pull out tray is 2-1 4 '' up from the desk top . although the pull-out tray is high enough to fit the keyboard underneath , my keyboard is 19 '' wide so i have to slide it in diagonally for it to fit . please note that the pull out tray has no back on it so everytime you pull it out , things in the tray would fly out the back . i secured a cardboard back to the tray and it works fine now .
no , the ink in these pens is transparent . you want something opaque or chalky for fabric .
hello : the colors are not opaque , but more translucent . i doubt they would show up on the dark fabric . some dry erase markers such as bic great erase grip have bolder colors . permanent markers also work .
these are felt tip markers . you may want to try frixon ball gel pens -- those are .07 pilot frixion ball erasable gel pens , fine point , 8-pack pouch , black blue red pink purple orange lime brown inks ( 31569 )
i do n't really use mine on paper , but with heat they disappear on fabric .
yes , the software bundled with the scanner was able to convert the scanned picture into word or excel documents via optical character recognition .
i have owned this scanner for the past 4 - 5 month and have scannned at least 100 pages and have not yet had to replace the battery . very satisfied
from my usage over the past year , every page ends up being it 's own separate file name . i am not home , so i ca n't pull out the manual to confirm whether or not it is capable of that function .
i have actually tried to do this but the way the book opens up it 's very hard to get a good scan on the inside of the page where the fold is at . otherwise it scans perfectly ?
you can bluetooth or micro sd card . thanks
no . this wand provides scanned documents in either a jpg or pdf document type . if you scan the text to a pdf document you can use a program like nuance pdf advanced to ocr the text .
yes , i have scanned black and white pictures as well as colored . this is the best wand scanner i have ever had . i do n't think that you will be disappointed .
no , not included , you have to buy separately
depth for keyboard 8.375 '' overall depth 11 '' width 27 ''
yes , the lift can elevate from 1 inch to at least 9 inches . it is very convenient and adjusts instantly if you need it low or high . i would highly recommend it !
dear patrick , sorry for the delay in getting you this information . the weight capacity for this item is 15lbs.thank youangela maldonadoergowarehouse2904 ash st suite apalo alto , ca 94306tel : 650-322-9775fax : 650-322-9770
for a keyboard , not deep enugh for a laptop , an ipad or small laptop might fit
i think they are best for a regular size pencil . markers are generally too thick to fit in . if you squeeze a lot it can for on a mechanical pencil -- just a little harder to slide it on . this is good for my 6 year old 's hand , but i can use it too . you are only using your thumb and index finger on it so both fit .
yes
i teach middle school myself and see all kinds of weird ways students hold their pencil . i would definitely recommend this grip because there are definitive places to place your thumb , middle and pointer finger in order to write . i think the main idea is to have a proper grip so that their hands do n't get tired from writing - which may eventually lead to disinterest in completing writing assignments . i would also ask an occupational therapist for additional `` tricks '' and fun ways to get students to hold a pencil . i am not an expert in that regard but i heard also that sticking with a normal width pencil ( not using thicker kinds ) helps to get a proper grip . i teach middle school myself and see all kinds of weird ways students hold their pencil . i would definitely recommend this grip because there are definitive places to place your thumb , middle and pointer finger in order to write . i think the main idea is to have a proper grip so that their hands do n't get tired from writing - which may eventually lead to disinterest in completing writing assignments . i would also ask an occupational therapist for additional `` tricks '' and fun ways to get students to hold a pencil . i am not an expert in that regard but i heard also that sticking with ... » read more i teach middle school myself and see all kinds of weird ways students hold their pencil . i would definitely recommend this grip because there are definitive places to place your thumb , middle and pointer finger in order to write . i think the main idea is to have a proper grip so that their hands do n't get tired from writing - which may eventually lead to disinterest in completing writing assignments . i would also ask an occupational therapist for additional `` tricks '' and fun ways to get students to hold a pencil . i am not an expert in that regard but i heard also that sticking with a normal width pencil ( not using thicker kinds ) helps to get a proper grip . « show less
the plastic piece is symetrical from left to right so i do n't think it matters for left or right hand . it 's not a perfect fit , but it really helped my kid to start writing . now he is pretty good without it and does n't need it .
the device is symetrical from left to right , so it should work without a problem .
not that i am aware of .
each base is plugged into an electrical outlet but the phones dumb cells are completely cordless so once they get charged you can take them all around the house and outside but the basis of each to plug into a wall
i do not like this phone syatem , hand units are difficult to read and all services are also difficult to program , i will sell you mine for half price
no
no , all phones ring during incoming calls , but each phone has independent ring volume adjustment .
no , you ca n't . no capabilities at all ( something i miss a lot from my last set ) . the speakerphone is n't bad , but not the same . i 've been happy with this set ( especially at $ 90 ) , but i 'm already looking at something new . i recommended it when first purchased ( 2012 ) , but would n't now .
i do n't know about any do not disturb function , but we have the ringers turned off on the phones in rooms where we do n't want to hear the phone ring .
no . one phone line for the base unit is all you need . but read other questions i 've answered about this phone . do n't buy it ! it 's junk . go for a panasonic instead .
very little tilt
i had no problems with the wheels , mine was with the height adjustment never worked right , it always lowered to lowest position in after a few mins .
there is no use trying to get one from the company , they are not helpful and they ignore you . i ordered the part off amazon by searching for the part i needed , most of them are universal and easy to install ! just do n't order from the same company as the chair .
none that i know of
i would say no more than 250. my husband weights about 275 and the chair broke . i would n't recommend this chair .
you can sue a generic version . in fact i recommend it . mine broke down before i got through even 1 cartridge , brother refused support because it was already a year old . if you have n't already purchased this printer , do n't .
yes 11x 17 can be scanned
larger but not wider
it has a rear paper feed that can handle 11x17 . yes
yes . i 've used it for almost a year with both an imac and a macbook
yes ! and from your i-phone .
6000 x 1200. see http : m.brother-usa.com mfc modeldetail 4 mfcj6510dw spec .
if you go into one of the menus there is a feed option which you can feed more of the label out
it sounds like a bad unit . mine prints just fine and i 'm sorry i 'm not more help . can you return it and get new one ?
no . it is a stand alone printer . brother does sell a printer that connects to a pc , but it is not this one .
if you push the text button below the display you will be able to change the font and style of the font.hope that helps .
the 'user 's guide ' calls it `` setting character attributes ' and the procedure is covered in detail starting on page 25 .
i do n't think so . 99.5 % sure that is .
call fujitsu customer support . the are very helpful . 800-686-4686 .
you can download a twain-compliant driver from the fujitsu website . i did so and have used it without any problems .
yes and will do both sides ...
from my experience it does but in black and white
separate , but compatible . memory is that the adobe acrbat was either free or inexpensive , overall , i 'm very pleasedfive or six file drawers have been emptied and some importan documents have been retained , in a fireproof safe . i also back up everything on the computer and on separate media.sincerely
i purchased this item so long ago i ca n't remember what it came with exactly but i do remember it came with everything i needed to connect it to my desk top and use right away and i did n't order any extra cables or connectors .
i believe any brother printer would work well
u force it in..
they wo n't work . you need to search for ink using the model number of your device .
compatible brother lc-61 , lc-65 , lc61 , lc65 8 black for use with brother mfc-j410 , dcp-145c , dcp-165c , dcp-195c , dcp-375-cw , dcp-385c , dcp-395-cn , dcp-585-cw , dcp-6690-cw , dcp-j125 , dcp-j315-w , dcp-j515-w , dcp-j715-w , mfc-250c , mfc-255-cw , mfc-290c , mfc-295-cn , mfc-490-cw , mfc-495-cw , mfc-5490-cn , mfc-5890-cn , mfc-5890-cn , mfc-5895-cw , mfc-6490-cw , mfc-6890cd-w , mfc-790-cw , mfc-795-cw , mfc-990-cw , mfc-j220 , mfc-j265-w , mfc-j270-w , mfc-j410 , mfc-j410-w , mfc-j415-w , mfc-j615-w , mfc-j630-w. ink cartridges for inkjet printers .
i have mfc295.i usually buy lcd61.these say compatible for lcd11 16 38 61 65 67 980 and 1100.hope this helps
no
these are the worst cartridges i have ever used , could not get the color ones to load at all . black works but of a significantly lower print quality . i expected them to has a small # of page print per cartridge . -10 of 10 .
my cartridges had same issue . when i compared print nozzle to original i realized it was defective . i immediately returned for refund .
i have the mfc-j615w . they work great for that one . take a little more effort to insert cartridges but i have had no problems . if your printer takes the same cartridges as mine i would n't hesitate to use these .
i assume you are referring to the little round seal on the front and not the packaging . in that case , no , do not break the seal . this is a sure way to get leaks in your printer . the printer port that accepts the ink cartridge is designed to pierce the seal as it is being installed . this is why installing in one fluid push is important . many people who report leaks are causing the leaks themselves by partially inserting or inserting and pulling back out . once the seal is punctured , leave the thing in .
no . however you may well need to carve an opening in the plastic case of the printer to let the external lines connect thru . really not a big deal with xacto knife or similar and a little patience . a few minutes of careful carving : )
my epson is an artisan 810 ... i 'd have to check when i bought this system , but i am still using it w o having to refill anything yet . it 's such a $ saver . i have notched out the area of my printer where the ink tubes run across so that i can shut my scanner lid w o squishing the ink tubes and avoid any possible problem as a result . the notching was easy to do with just a small knife . sorry but i do n't know about the model you have . but if it looks like the artisan 810 it will work with that so it 's highly likely to work for yours . if your six colors of ink look like the picture i 'd guess it would . hope that helps . my epson is an artisan 810 ... i 'd have to check when i bought this system , but i am still using it w o having to refill anything yet . it 's such a $ saver . i have notched out the area of my printer where the ink tubes run across so that i can shut my scanner lid w o squishing the ink tubes and avoid any possible problem as a result . the notching was easy to do with just a small knife . sorry but i do n't know about the model you have . but if it looks like the artisan 810 it will work with that so it 's highly likely to work for yours . if your six colors of ink look like the picture i 'd guess it ... » read more my epson is an artisan 810 ... i 'd have to check when i bought this system , but i am still using it w o having to refill anything yet . it 's such a $ saver . i have notched out the area of my printer where the ink tubes run across so that i can shut my scanner lid w o squishing the ink tubes and avoid any possible problem as a result . the notching was easy to do with just a small knife . sorry but i do n't know about the model you have . but if it looks like the artisan 810 it will work with that so it 's highly likely to work for yours . if your six colors of ink look like the picture i 'd guess it would . hope that helps . « show less
it will work if you purchase one specifically for the model you have . search you tube for info and installation .
hello , it would depend on who you are purchasing the item from . some sellers charge shipping and some do n't . our store does not charge for shipping . if you need anything else , please let us know.thank you .
we only have six of these chairs and they seem to stack just fine ... any more than that and they may start to lean a little
16 inches , front center , from the floor up . these are really good chairs ! strong , light weight , and most important = comfortable ! hope this helps ...
i would unplug the unit for a few minutes then plug it back in . if that does n't work then try resetting the unit , here is the link for the instructions : http : www.uniden.com content ebiz uniden resources ownersmanuals d1680-4om.pdf
i believe it is a digital system , but it did n't last very long two handsets went out within two years .
yes .
i honestly can not say that they would
yes , cartridge 125 is the same cartridge that comes with the lbp6000 .
if the cartridge says canon lbp6000 image class mf 3010 it should be oem
i ca n't give u an exact page count , but i use this printer everyday at work and it last me about 6 months
yes
yes . it came in a brand new looking box , with the factory sealed cartridge inside . slid right into the printer and has been printing like a dream ever since on my white canon imageclass lbp-6000 laser printer - monochrome ( blk & white ) - 2400 x 600dpi.i was afraid it would be difficult to get the cartridge into the laser printer as this is my first experience with a laser printer . was very easy to install . just read the directions.continues to print like a charm . tons of prints so far . a quick reminder ... .that wonderful little $ 50 or so canon lbp6000 is great , but with the cheaper price comes the fact that there is = no = warning when the ink is about to run out . you just have to keep an eye out for streaking or lines , etc . ( this is even stated on the canon website reviews ) . i ordered this toner cartridge way before my trial ink that came in the printer ran out . one does n't want to run out of ink suddenly and have to order it and wait for it to come in . ( it wo n't 'dry out ' . it 's in a thick plastic factory sealed bag ) . and amazon has the best price i 've found ( so far ) on this ink toner . yes . it came in a brand new looking box , with the factory sealed cartridge inside . slid right into the printer and has been printing like a dream ever since on my white canon imageclass lbp-6000 laser printer - monochrome ( blk & white ) - 2400 x 600dpi.i was afraid it would be difficult to get the cartridge into the laser printer as this is my first experience with a laser printer . was very easy to install . just read the directions.continues to print like a charm . tons of prints so far . a quick reminder ... .that wonderful little $ 50 or so canon lbp6000 is great , but with the ... » read more yes . it came in a brand new looking box , with the factory sealed cartridge inside . slid right into the printer and has been printing like a dream ever since on my white canon imageclass lbp-6000 laser printer - monochrome ( blk & white ) - 2400 x 600dpi.i was afraid it would be difficult to get the cartridge into the laser printer as this is my first experience with a laser printer . was very easy to install . just read the directions.continues to print like a charm . tons of prints so far . a quick reminder ... .that wonderful little $ 50 or so canon lbp6000 is great , but with the cheaper price comes the fact that there is = no = warning when the ink is about to run out . you just have to keep an eye out for streaking or lines , etc . ( this is even stated on the canon website reviews ) . i ordered this toner cartridge way before my trial ink that came in the printer ran out . one does n't want to run out of ink suddenly and have to order it and wait for it to come in . ( it wo n't 'dry out ' . it 's in a thick plastic factory sealed bag ) . and amazon has the best price i 've found ( so far ) on this ink toner . « show less
estimated at 1600 pages ( stated in instruction sheet ) which is just over 3 reams of paper .
not sure , as we do not accept credit cards . however , customer service is very helpful . use google to access the phone number .
you can print out hard copy . after machine is close out , hard copy is the only way to look . back . we do have machine that will allow you to look back to any date .
i do n't know
it 's a parallel port . i believe mine came with the cord too . i do n't use it though .
yes , you can turn the printer on or off .
it takes a couple seconds to zero itself .
both
width 6 '' , height 2 3 4 '' , depth 6 ''
i believe that it will do either . i have printed out in rgb and cmyk through photoshop .
i do a lot of scrapbooking and silhouette cutting crafts and do use a heavy cardstock . i have learned to put in one sheet at a time and it seems to move through better . i also do fabric on it .
it is a rear upright paper feed , and feeds straight through printing on top of the page and out the front
elevator
there are too many variables to answer your question . i print 4x6 , 8x10 , 8.5x11 , and 11x14 with various predominant colors . the cost per print is the important question , other things being equal ( speed , quality , etc . ) i find this printer less expensive to operate than similar hp and epson printers .
yes , i print on 11x17 80lb cover stock ( which is slightly heavier than 110 card stock )
i have just printed one envelope at a time with no problems . they go in sideways . the software on-line manual shows how to load the envelope .
it will `` do '' duplex printing but it if your looking for a printer that will handle more than one page at a time automatically you going to have to spend a lot more for a printer than what this one costs .
yes i have printed 13x19 posters on the borderless setting .
yes
only with a spot remover and a damp cloth or a clothing brush according to the label .
no , have not noticed that at all . not to worry !
it will not bend easily . it 's made of ( i think ) composite cardboard . it 's very hard and inflexible .
no .
it was not a set of 2 when i purchased it . the one that i received was the one with the bird on the front , and i do not recall a design option . the other image might be of the back ? i do not currently have my binder with me .
i did n't notice a prominent smell . i 'm sure there 's some outgassing , but the smell was n't noticeable .
holding up fine , not top quality but for the price it is outstanding . when it gets old you can get a new one instead of carrying one that you should replace but ca n't afford to
yes , this binder has a clear plastic cover so that a page can be inserted . this is a wonderful product at a great price . i highly recommend this binder . i use it in my real estate business for buyer and seller presentations . it looks professional and is easy to carry .
yes , it has 3 ring connections just like a non presentation binder
about 3 inches . yes it would work..good construction .
i use 50 protectors , one sided .
it came with a few 8 or ten , i had more and have already put them in so i do n't know for sure . works great , i 'm using it for my frequently used recipes , keeps the paper clean and easy to read
do n't think so . it rocks back and forth and does not lock into position .
it only rocks
it feels pretty light . i would guess at no more than 1 pound or two . the problem is n't weight . it 's rather large . you can easily rest four feet ( 2 pairs ) side by side .
nope . it is a very simple pivot . it can flop this way , or that way . that being said , if you put your feet on it when it 's tilted all the way one way , it wo n't move easily . you have to adjust where your weight is to make it rock .
the way it is locked will not change its height but the angle is not locked . the platform is fluid or mobile . not sure if i have answered your question .
ca n't tell you as i use it on industrial lightweight carpet . but the four feet on which it rests are completely flat , so if you found that it was sliding , you could probably find some non-slip padding to attach to those feet .
i would say `` yes ''
yes somewhat has gripper nubs on it
yes . no problem .
no
it does n't come with mounting hardware and i do n't know what you would need to do it properly . i just screwed it onto a wall through the aluminum frame and it is solid as a rock .
yes .
yes
not exactly sure how long it can run , but shortly after i received mine i had a shred - a -thon far about 2 hours an had no problems . it also has a nice meter that tells you when it 's starting to over heat .
if it is full it fills a 13 gallon trash bag .
it handles the small staples but not heavy duty staples
it would be slow . try read , write and gold version 11 program . you scan the pages and it converts it to speech .
hi lawrence , it scans text and then reads it to you . it will also spell words and has dictionaries built in . i bought this for my daughter who has dyslexia , she is 11 and has no problem using the pen . there is a technique to using it but it is pretty easy . no you do n't need to connect to a computer to use . i hope this helps . regards , amy .
i scanned slides but there is something you need to know . once you download the blaze photo cd , only use the scanner . scan in all the negatives , if you go into the blaze photo program everything freezes . get the picasa photo program ( which is free ) and download that to transfer all your photos into in order to keep on pc or make a cd . it took me the longest time before i finally figured it our . good luck .
in my experience , it was not good . i returned it .
i have no clue as i merely used the sd card to transfer the images to a macbook pro . sorry that i could not be of any assistance with your question .
i do n't know . i used vista for mine . i 'll have to try it and see on my new computer..
i did not get any software disk with the unit i received . i scanned to an sd card and then downloaded from that onto my computer .
i do n't know , you 'd probably have to contact the company . sorry . i was blown away by your name , it 's the same as my mom 's was .
i did n't know what `` quilling '' is , so i researched it on google . to answer your question : initially , the edges of the cuts from the shredder will be smooth . however , after a couple months of use , the cutting discs will become duller ( as expected ) , and the edges of the cuts will not be as smooth . also , i think the `` weight '' of the paper you use for quilling would influence the smoothness of the edges . nevertheless , i speculate this shredder will do what you have in mind and save you hours compared to cutting the paper by hand.i hope this helps . i did n't know what `` quilling '' is , so i researched it on google . to answer your question : initially , the edges of the cuts from the shredder will be smooth . however , after a couple months of use , the cutting discs will become duller ( as expected ) , and the edges of the cuts will not be as smooth . also , i think the `` weight '' of the paper you use for quilling would influence the smoothness of the edges . nevertheless , i speculate this shredder will do what you have in mind and save you hours compared to cutting the paper by hand.i hope this ... » read more i did n't know what `` quilling '' is , so i researched it on google . to answer your question : initially , the edges of the cuts from the shredder will be smooth . however , after a couple months of use , the cutting discs will become duller ( as expected ) , and the edges of the cuts will not be as smooth . also , i think the `` weight '' of the paper you use for quilling would influence the smoothness of the edges . nevertheless , i speculate this shredder will do what you have in mind and save you hours compared to cutting the paper by hand.i hope this helps . « show less
paper is shredded in 1 8 . '' cd 's and credit cards are shredded in 1 4 ''
yes , it is true - this shredder does not cross cut . that is why , i recommend , before shredding , tear the 8.5x11 page in half , and then in half again , because it generates shorter shreds that are more difficult to reassemble . disclaimer : this is not a security shredder for identity , banking or financial documents . if you must use this device for sensitive documents , i suggest dividing and emptying the shreds into at least two separate waste receptacles .
you can download the .dmg setup file from fujitsu 's web site
what is the question ? this device has been my best friend for over a year now . you can format your scans to pdf or jpg ... from computer ... you do n't want to scan anything with tape or adhesive on it as the glass will get sticky and it 's not fun to clean . i have only had to clean it 2x since owning it .
it 's powered via a usb connection to your computer
absolutely
it 's funny you ask - ive had this scanner for a years & i just did this today & it scans pictures beautifully !
unlike other scansnap scanners , this model does not support duplex in hardware . the software has a continuous scanning mode that allows you time to flip the pages and get all sides into the same scan . it 's not the same thing , but it is sufficient .
for me this unit has scanned photos very well , better than the lager fujitsu scanners . i have found no white lines . if there are any lines you might have to wipe down the scanner head . i have scanned may hundreds of old photos .
what 's in the boxepson stylus photo r3000 photo printerprinter documentationcd-rom with drivers and softwareaccessory boxpower cableroll paper holder accessorycd print tray and softwareroll paper holdersultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : nine 157-series ultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : photo black , cyan , vivid magenta , yellow , light cyan , vivid light magenta , light black , matte black , light light blackepson ink supplies157 ultrachrome k3 photo black ink cartridge ( t157120 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 cyan ink cartridge ( t157220 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 vivid magenta ink cartridge ( t157320 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 yellow ink cartridge ( t157420 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light cyan ink cartridge ( t157520 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 vivid light magenta ink cartridge ( t157620 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light black ink cartridge ( t157720 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 matte black ink cartridge ( t157820 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light light black ink cartridge ( t157920 ) what 's in the boxepson stylus photo r3000 photo printerprinter documentationcd-rom with drivers and softwareaccessory boxpower cableroll paper holder accessorycd print tray and softwareroll paper holdersultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : nine 157-series ultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : photo black , cyan , vivid magenta , yellow , light cyan , vivid light magenta , light black , matte black , light light blackepson ink supplies157 ultrachrome k3 photo black ink cartridge ( t157120 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 cyan ink cartridge ... » read more what 's in the boxepson stylus photo r3000 photo printerprinter documentationcd-rom with drivers and softwareaccessory boxpower cableroll paper holder accessorycd print tray and softwareroll paper holdersultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : nine 157-series ultrachrome k3 ink cartridges : photo black , cyan , vivid magenta , yellow , light cyan , vivid light magenta , light black , matte black , light light blackepson ink supplies157 ultrachrome k3 photo black ink cartridge ( t157120 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 cyan ink cartridge ( t157220 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 vivid magenta ink cartridge ( t157320 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 yellow ink cartridge ( t157420 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light cyan ink cartridge ( t157520 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 vivid light magenta ink cartridge ( t157620 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light black ink cartridge ( t157720 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 matte black ink cartridge ( t157820 ) 157 ultrachrome k3 light light black ink cartridge ( t157920 ) « show less
i do n't use this printer for proofs . off the top of my head i think it would work just fine . color rendition is superb . however , you would need to color calibrate the printer to you computer monitor . the kit to do that costs as much as the printer and would require some time to set up .
yes ! i use eq printables , which has several choices of fabrics . my favorite is their premium cotton satin inkjet fabric sheets . six sheets per package , 8.5 '' x 11 '' . printing with the r3000 , the colors are bright and beautiful . and i 've had no problems with fading ( but i do n't tend to wash these items ) . check out www.electricquilt.com
yes , you can as long as the print driver is installed and is selected as your printer choice in photoshop cs6 .
yes , very much so . i assume you realize the considerable differences in paper , i.e. , glossy , art stock , 100 % rag , etc. , will require adjustments on your images prior to printing . if you 're using photoshop or light room , previewing your image with soft proofing will greatly assist your output . btw , you must change the blacks when using rag or art stock from photo black to matte black -- and easy adjustment on the printer .
http : www.redrivercatalog.com epson-stylus-r3000-cost-per-print.html
this printer is better for photos , specifically black and white , mine had major problems after only a few months , just when it came out of warranty
ink is always relatively expensive . especially the ultrachrome inks . but if you are going to be using really good paper , like hahnemühle fine art paper , you will want really good ink that lasts . the cartridges for the r3000 are larger than those for general purpose printers ( like the epson artisan series ) . so you are getting more ink per cartridge . and , it pays to shop around . but fine art printing requires the highest quality paper and ink . that said , i would n't consider using this printer for printing anything other than high quality photographs . ( i use a lesser printer for everything else . )
yes , only question was one package was out of the box for some reason and use by date is on box . they are original brother cartridges not refills .
i have n't had a chance to compare , but according to the ads , 1 xxl has double print capacity than 2 xl .
i have been buying cartridges for years from amazon and never had them come in a box . however , at the same time , i have never had a problem . not to worry . even if you did have a problem , amazon would stand behind it !
i have a j825dw and the cartridges work just fine
i have never seen an expire date on any print cartridge .
honestly can not remember whether i received in an oem box or not , but the product is definitely oem . the actual cartridge is sealed in the oem shrinkwrap . will definitely use this seller again .
i do n't recommend this . it stopped working in less than one week . i end up with returning and buying a new one .
yes it dose
well ... any plug in headset is not included and i do n't know if there is a any plug in jack for a headset . i returned it only few weeks after using it because it broke.i would n't recommend this dictionary to anyone ...
hi , it only says the word once you have typed or searched thru the keyboard for a similar word .
two aaa batteries . i have only had to change them once since i got it over a year ago .
it is very poor in correcting the spelling . you must have accurately spelled the word otherwise this dictionary is of no use to you . when you mis- spell a word a `` corrections '' message pops up , however in about 80 percent of times it leads to `` no matches '' message . this is the feature of this product that i 'm greatly annoyed with.. gl .
this is what i wanted . however , it does not work for the old negatives . have been unable to find a solution .
so sorry , i never used the software . i use other software to view and edit photos .
i do n't quite get what you are saying as i do n't have problem . are you scanning the picture the right way up
yes ! per brother spec.it does fit
i 've used them successfully but only got about 3 4 the advertised number of copies . i do n't think any ink cartridge gives the number of copies it should , but these cartridges are cheaper , did n't leak , printed fairly consistently , and did n't do any damage to the machine . ca n't ask for more than that .
i do n't think there is one per se . they are well sealed but i would n't wait more than several years to use them because maybe the ink destabilizes or dries out eventually no matter how well sealed they are , although i do n't see how , or , if it somehow separates gently shaking would resolve that . have you thought of asking the manufacturer ?
i do n't sell brother ink cartridges - i buy them , from amazon . the only difference is price - these are the same cartridges . as i 'm sure you 've already realized , the same product can show up on amazon with different sellers and prices . the asin b004vmtyqy product shows that brother is the seller . the one i purchased at $ 27.36 shows amazon.com llc as the seller . that 's the difference .
brother directly . much better quality than third party in my opinion .
not sure , you can find what type of ink can be used here : http : www.brother-usa.com supplies accessorylist.aspx ? model=mfc495cw # .u-5-fvldu1i it seems that you need type lc61* inks , mine is lc75* , so they might not match , anyway just follow the link and you can buy inks anywhere , either amazon or other web sites ( depends on price ) . regards ,
they do not come in a box , but are vacuum sealed just like what i get at the local staples or office depot . basically is factory direct
open the file you want to print.click file > print.click properties.click the general tab , then select print last page first to remove the check mark.click the save current preferences icon next to my preferences.create a name for the new current preferences.click save.click apply.click ok .
yes
you can but if you are out of color , it wo n't let you print until you replace the cartridge ... even if you switch it to black only .
it comes with a paper manual . what is it you need help with ?
i had the same problem once and it stopped when i changed the ink cartridges . kodak ink cartridges may be a little cheaper to buy , but they are not economical in the long-run . the printer cleans the head after every print job , using ink for no good reason . kodak printers are ink-hogs . my printer also has terrible colors when printing on plain paper , with colors coming out very dark , especially bright reds . i have to set the color about 2 shades lighter to get the color even close to what i want . the only good color reproduction comes on photo paper , but at the cost of tremendous ink usage . honestly , my suggestion is to get a printer made by someone other than kodak . i will never buy another . i had the same problem once and it stopped when i changed the ink cartridges . kodak ink cartridges may be a little cheaper to buy , but they are not economical in the long-run . the printer cleans the head after every print job , using ink for no good reason . kodak printers are ink-hogs . my printer also has terrible colors when printing on plain paper , with colors coming out very dark , especially bright reds . i have to set the color about 2 shades lighter to get the color even close to what i want . the only good color reproduction comes on photo paper , but at the cost of tremendous ink usage ... . » read more i had the same problem once and it stopped when i changed the ink cartridges . kodak ink cartridges may be a little cheaper to buy , but they are not economical in the long-run . the printer cleans the head after every print job , using ink for no good reason . kodak printers are ink-hogs . my printer also has terrible colors when printing on plain paper , with colors coming out very dark , especially bright reds . i have to set the color about 2 shades lighter to get the color even close to what i want . the only good color reproduction comes on photo paper , but at the cost of tremendous ink usage . honestly , my suggestion is to get a printer made by someone other than kodak . i will never buy another . « show less
had this problem w my last kodak printer , had to order new print head after trying several things w customer service . got new part , installed next day something else broke , customer service then said i needed new printer . only reason i got another kodak was the price and i already had a bunch of the ink that i could n't return so i bought another one . this one paper jams daily . i do n't think i 'll buy another kodak
i do n't know
the mounting bo 's is 4 1 2 x 4 1 2. i have mine on the wall , it is fine , no problem .
i am not using this option , but the display is not backlit in the normal mode of operation .
no , it uses batteries . you will , however , not be happy with the display.mike
phone is 8 '' high & 6 '' wide . size of the mounting box is 41 2 x 41 2 .
yes , you can set time & date fairly easy .
there are a few things i like about this item but also a few bad points . it does have a very loud and clear playback ; it has more options than i need , such as two voicemail boxes , so it is versatile as well as reliable ; you can program the password and , theoretically , retrieve messages remotely although i never had to use this feature . but . it does not have battery backup , so i guess you 'll loose everything recorded on it plus greeting if power is lost . it does not have a date time marker option , so you 'll never know when any message was left . lastly , there is no bridging plug arrangement -- - in other words , you can not plug the phone line into this unit and then plug the phone into the unit so the phone is on the same line in parallel -- - you have to buy a two-to-one plug to work around this or do without a phone on that line . all in all , i would not buy this unit again . the $ 15.00 unit that finally broke down and this one replaced had features such as time marker that made it more friendly but was less clear loud on playback . next time i 'll have to look for a better all-round unit . there are a few things i like about this item but also a few bad points . it does have a very loud and clear playback ; it has more options than i need , such as two voicemail boxes , so it is versatile as well as reliable ; you can program the password and , theoretically , retrieve messages remotely although i never had to use this feature . but . it does not have battery backup , so i guess you 'll loose everything recorded on it plus greeting if power is lost . it does not have a date time marker option , so you 'll never know when any message was left . lastly , there is no bridging plug arrangement ... » read more there are a few things i like about this item but also a few bad points . it does have a very loud and clear playback ; it has more options than i need , such as two voicemail boxes , so it is versatile as well as reliable ; you can program the password and , theoretically , retrieve messages remotely although i never had to use this feature . but . it does not have battery backup , so i guess you 'll loose everything recorded on it plus greeting if power is lost . it does not have a date time marker option , so you 'll never know when any message was left . lastly , there is no bridging plug arrangement -- - in other words , you can not plug the phone line into this unit and then plug the phone into the unit so the phone is on the same line in parallel -- - you have to buy a two-to-one plug to work around this or do without a phone on that line . all in all , i would not buy this unit again . the $ 15.00 unit that finally broke down and this one replaced had features such as time marker that made it more friendly but was less clear loud on playback . next time i 'll have to look for a better all-round unit . « show less
no . it is powered by an ac adapter and attaches to the phone by regular telephone cable .
i purchased this machine for my father so i am not sure but when i called him to check the length of his ogm it was 29 srconds long . do n't know how much longer it will go . a great product for the hard-of-hearing and cheaper at amazon than any other place i looked . try it ... returns are easy at amazon if it does n't work for you .
yes , it does . and very clear instructions about how to use it !
the machine will retain the messages even if it is without power for a period of time . we 've had it unplugged for days and plugged it back in and the messages are still there .
i 'm not really sure i understand the questions , but i will try to answer what i think you are asking . it beeps when someone leaves a message to let you know there is a message left , but it does n't continue to beep until you get the message off . i have heard machines that continue to beep until you get the message off , this one does n't do that . i hope that helps : )
yes , mine came with a manual .
i had to google a 'ginny binder ' myself . i think as long as the binder is a standard 8.5 '' x 5.5 '' , 3 ring binder it should work . i picked up oneof those multi-use zippered planner binder things at a thrift store ... the paper works in it . hope this helps . : )
yes , this will fit in a small 3 ring binder quite well . i use this same paper in mine .
they are loose sheets of papers .
yes
the paper is 5.5x8.5 with the holes along the 8.5 '' side . it will not fit a standard 8.5x11 binder that would have the holes along the 11 '' side . hope this is what you were asking .
yes , it is double sided .
while i do not have a franklin covey classic , i do have a daytimer desk size , which is the same 5.5x8.5 size , and this paper fits my daytimer . franklin cover classic and daytimer desk size pages are interchangeable , so this paper should fit the franklin covey classic .
yes , i actually use it with my franklin covey binder and day runner calendar . works nicely , in fact i need to order some more .
the one-touch dialer has 10 upper and 10 lower for a total of 20. there is also a speed dialer which stores 10 numbers . lastly , there is a phonebook which stores 50 names numbers .
yes , by taking off a piece on bottom that is used for a flat surface . when on a wall , the bottom part sticks out . i like it better on flat surface .
there is no a c power cord on the model . the speakerphone requires the batteries .
what is the question ?
no it does n't need the batteries unless your using the caller id . i have mine mounted to the wall so i put batteries in it so that if i wanted to i could use the caller id without taking it down . overall very happy with the phone .
no a c adaptor , the 3aa batteries are for the digital display to work ( caller id , time )
any headset with a 2.5 mm plug like plantronics m214c .
ohh sorry my bracket is at my camp where there 's still 2 foot of snow . perhaps you could call the supplier
no it will not .
i 've got a 24 '' bourbon st. sign on it . works great .
black metal of some sort . as i recall some thg they use on cars . holding up very well here in the northeast on year 2
the 24 '' long bracket can hold signs up to 18 '' x12 '' . bracket can bolt or strap to wall . hanging points are on 10.5 '' centers .
sadly , it was a waste of money.i put it in and it did n't work . first day i put it in was fine , the next day , it just printed a black page . nothing readable . page after page of absolute black prints . so i just threw it in the bin . ordered an hp which is very overpriced , but it proved nothing was wrong with the printer . printer is still working to date with the goof cartridge i bought from hp . i would n't risk wasting my money with this compatible thing again
ensure you 've removed the plastic cover over the connection . otherwise you may have a bad cartridge .
this is a recycled cartridge for hp laserjet p1102w and is fully compatible and a great product , but there is no indication that it is `` dura eco '' , so i 'm not sure how to answer the inquiry .
i had to toss 2 of them as soon as they arrived because they were dry as a bone . so , yes , they are disposable
yes , it is a range of size , from 0.1 till 0.8 ! it 's like 0.1-2-3-5-6-8
depends entirely on your goal or needed functionality . i love the 308 for my purpose , writing on stock charts , because the ink is not affected by highlighters after the original writing is dry . otherwise , i would greatly prefer the comfy shape of the 334 , but it has water-based ink . i believe the 306 s may also be water-based , but you can check it out at [ staedtler.ca ] . these are great indelible , lightfast liner inks . if you do n't need that quality ... .you do n't need this particular version .
well i 've had mine for a few months now and i have n't had a problem with drying . i think the packaging says they can be left uncapped for something around 18 hours without drying out . they are really great pens .
yes , they are the best liner pens i have ever owned . just let it dry for a min or two .
yes , but i would recommend sakura pigment ink pen . these are more charcoal than black .
tested myself using everclear ( 95 % ethenol ) , the ink falls right off the paper . a side note permanent marker was no better , maybe even a little worse .
staedtlers , hands down . i used microns for about 6 years , and when i tried staedtlers i immediately knew i was never going back . they 're smoother and firmer- microns tend to drag a little and get worn down and fray .
no
absolutely . my wife uses it for her 15.6 inch alienware m15x and there is some room to spare . there is also plenty of room for the mouse to function unhindered .
the desk is pretty light . weighs about 2 pounds .
this desk was very cheaply made for the price that i paid for it . i would not recommend it .
about six inches
the flat surface is about 8 '' high . the very top of the slanted portion would be about 16 inches .
6 1 2 inches to the bottom of the table . but it sits just fine on your lap .
it just opens but does not lock into place . i 've never had a problem with it falling though . i have had a problem and had to put the screwback ended a couple of times
sorry i ca n't help you . would n't it be great it there was a counter somewhere to help us count pages when we print or copy ?
no
it is sort of a high yield cartridge . they used to be higher , 3 times the regular cartridge ... now the xl is 2x a regular cartridge . i do n't know why they changed it , but it 's still a better deal than the regular cartridge .
yes , the officejet 4620 uses hp 564 ink . the 564xl is a larger size for more printing . it cost a little more but is worth it since you do n't have to change your cartridge so often .
by 'durable ' do you mean is this item hardwearing , long-lasting , heavy-duty , industrial-strength ? - i do n't know that.so far ( a few times ) i received this ink cartridge sealed , i installed it in my printer and it worked fine until it run out of ink.i have to use this old model # 140 because my old hp printer does not accept the new black cartridge model being sold .
i use the ink for printing..no problems ... ..
it depends on how much ink you use on each page , i.e . photos , documents , etc ... but you will get about 2 1 2 times as much than a standard hp-564 cartridge .
no it is only one cartridge but it has almost double the ink in the cartridge . thus xl meaning extra large . hope this helps you .
i do notice some abrasion on the mouse pads of my logitech g9x , nothing that affects the performance of the pairing.light sandpaper or emery paper on the feet will bring this back to near as new anyway .
i bought this mouse pad back in september 2013 , so far it has been working amazingly well for me . i have n't noticed any changes in texture . average use is about 6 hours a day for me .
yes . i have optical mouse and it works great . i love the size it is wide and the mouse glides on it . the mouse is very precise on it .
it is fairly comfortable for it 's low profile , but i do n't think it was designed with maximum comfort in mind , it was mostly designed for performance . it took a bit of getting used to on the comfort side . i strongly recommend this if your looking to improve the accuracy of your mouse . please keep in mind that anywhere your hand makes contact on the pad is an ultra-smooth surface with no jaggedness what-so-ever . the surface is super comfortable . if you mean sharp edge feeling inside of your wrists , then maybe i can relate a bit . if comfort is your thing , i recommend trying something more beefed up in thickness . to directly answer your question : it does tend to have unpronounced sharp edge feeling inside the wrists only when just resting your hand in idle , till you get used to it . hope this helps you with your choice , cheers ! it is fairly comfortable for it 's low profile , but i do n't think it was designed with maximum comfort in mind , it was mostly designed for performance . it took a bit of getting used to on the comfort side . i strongly recommend this if your looking to improve the accuracy of your mouse . please keep in mind that anywhere your hand makes contact on the pad is an ultra-smooth surface with no jaggedness what-so-ever . the surface is super comfortable . if you mean sharp edge feeling inside of your wrists , then maybe i can relate a bit . if comfort is your thing , i recommend trying something more ... » read more it is fairly comfortable for it 's low profile , but i do n't think it was designed with maximum comfort in mind , it was mostly designed for performance . it took a bit of getting used to on the comfort side . i strongly recommend this if your looking to improve the accuracy of your mouse . please keep in mind that anywhere your hand makes contact on the pad is an ultra-smooth surface with no jaggedness what-so-ever . the surface is super comfortable . if you mean sharp edge feeling inside of your wrists , then maybe i can relate a bit . if comfort is your thing , i recommend trying something more beefed up in thickness . to directly answer your question : it does tend to have unpronounced sharp edge feeling inside the wrists only when just resting your hand in idle , till you get used to it . hope this helps you with your choice , cheers ! « show less
14 '' x 19 '' inside lip i have an h p 7700 laser jet multi function on it .
do n't know about with the wheels , as the screw holes were too small and could not put them on . using it without , put it on a little dolly or it wanted to tip over.front to back 22 inches 21 inches high 16 inches across the front .
no , you do n't need to purchase one . it 's included with the cabinet .
the drawers themselves are on ball-bearing ( full extension ) glides . as noted in the other answers , the entire cabinet has optional casters , including a fifth caster under the front of the bottom drawer which offers stability when that drawer is pulled out .
two wheels have locks on them .
less than 21 inches tall without casters . i think the drawers can probably be pryed with a crowbar . the metal is not thick like a fire safe .
it is metal on all the sides and top ... you could drill in the metal ... other than that there are no openings .
metal
if this is the type of printer scanner you 'd buy from office max , etc. , then yes , it is sturdy enough . it is a pretty solid cabinet .
no , it is just the board and the two magnets pictured .
i took mine to my office and hung it with hooks that go over cubicle walls , but if you glued magnets to part of the wood frame , you could hang it on your refrigerator , you must have an awful big fridge . good luck
they come with screws that go into the wall and the board has holes in the back that fit over the screw heads . be cautious buying them i had a most all of mine separate .
i collect magnets when i travel and have about 30 on this board . everyone who sees the board remarks that the travel magnets make a unique and special picture . magnets stay in place even when using dusting feather .
i assume you can , provided the poster is 18 '' x 22 '' or smaller .
no , it is 19x15 . it is also not a strong magnetic board . i mean my magnets fall off easily .
this is 13 '' x19 '' paper ( or at least that 's what i received when i ordered it ) .
ihi denise its like regular white copy paper just bigger if your lighted table shines through regular white copy paper it will on this . but i 'm thinking you may need a diffrent type they may carry a thinner paper not sure though hope i was helpful ? probably not
no , it 's not glossy , it more like regular copy paper
the label says : `` 60 lbs text '' .
yes , you can print on both sides . do n't try to print on the other four sides as most printers do not recognize the media at that scale .
.04 lb sheet
they are # 2 pencils .
the pencils sharpen well and the tips are very strong and do not break easily . the graphite is also centered on the shaft . they are a good buy.sherry
no , the pencils we ordered had to be sharpened ( which is a lot of work for all those pencils , so we bought a nice counter-mount sharpener ) . hope that helps . - wayne
you will `` contact seller '' with your order number and imprint after you have placed your order .
i would n't think so . it 's for a rough-cut sort of use for packaging and wrapping . you 'd need more of a sliding sharp blade device . i sell fine art prints and this would not be an option . if you do n't have many to cut , get a nice cork-backed metal ruler and an x-acto blade .
i just went out and looked at my setup . the back metal bottom bar is very sturdy material . it has rubber feet on each end . it appears you could easily remove the rubber feet and mount it to the wall . you could easily hit 2 - 16 '' studs on center but may require drilling . the only caution i offer is the weight of a full roll of paper . my setup with a pretty fresh roll must weigh close to 45lbs . the bulman is relatively cheap to experiment with . buy big lag bolts : )
yep ! i change out different roll sizes all the time .
ours is also a straight edge . it does not cut the paper . we often have torn paper . i was thinking of running a file down the edge to both sharpen the edge and give it small burrs .
no
like a champ . we 've had ours for a couple years . and love it as much as we did the day we got it . you just pull the paper up as you would like tin foil or saran wrap . course what ever you 're cutting would need to be on a roll inside the ... ... ... system itself . i hope this helps .
i do n't see why not , but it may not cut the shrink wrap as well as it does paper ; the cutting mechanism does n't contain a blade , just a flat bar held taut with springs
absolutely ! that is the exact same space i have my in and there is room to spare . it is only 8 1 4 '' h
yes !
i 'm using it in mexico right now and it works great . i do n't know about the voltage , i think mexico is the same as the us but we have lots of power surges here and i 've not had any problems with the phone .
i 'm not sure what the description says but i know the headset lasts forever and the hand receiver is off the charger all day with use
it just plugs into an outlet ... .. be careful the ear piece is plastic and it breaks easily ... now i cant use the ear piece ... ... .. : (
no
no . there is a different model that does that . the one that has the headset on the same base as the answering machine .
sorry do n't know . do n't have the phone anymore . headset is a bit flimsy though .
i do n't remember how many pages it printed with the starter cartridges ( i purchased this printer one year ago ) . but , i do remember that i printed the amount of pages as it supposed to be , 1000 pages to my best memory , not sure . also , it is good to know that i do n't purchase xerox cartridges - they are too expensive . i use cartridges from ld company that are 5 times cheaper and work really well , except the black which is not as intense as from the genuine cartridge . if you are looking for printer of this class , i would definitely recommend this one . i love it .
yes , we use it in my office with macs and it works perfectly . it is connected to our network via wifi using a apple wifi access point . when using the scanner , we open the settings printers & scanners , select scan and `` open scanner '' where you select the location to store the pdf file . there may be a better way to operate the scan function , but it works well for our office .
no , it is not multi-function and does not fax .
there are settings on the printer that allow you to do this . there are two different settings for light cardstock and heavy cardstock . if light cardstock does n't look good , use the heavy cardstock . i used to have two other printers and they did not do well , with laser powder flaking off . this one does n't do that . however it has been my experience that if this happens you choose a heavier setting . all in all this printer is a keeper . i am a soapmaker who needs a lot of quality labels for soap and candles and use cardstock , labels and paper and this printer is the only one i will use . the laser print stays on the label as i lug things from show to show ... it 's a really good investment and the day it breaks down , i 'm getting another xerox . xerox is the way to go ! there are settings on the printer that allow you to do this . there are two different settings for light cardstock and heavy cardstock . if light cardstock does n't look good , use the heavy cardstock . i used to have two other printers and they did not do well , with laser powder flaking off . this one does n't do that . however it has been my experience that if this happens you choose a heavier setting . all in all this printer is a keeper . i am a soapmaker who needs a lot of quality labels for soap and candles and use cardstock , labels and paper and this printer is the only one i will use . the ... » read more there are settings on the printer that allow you to do this . there are two different settings for light cardstock and heavy cardstock . if light cardstock does n't look good , use the heavy cardstock . i used to have two other printers and they did not do well , with laser powder flaking off . this one does n't do that . however it has been my experience that if this happens you choose a heavier setting . all in all this printer is a keeper . i am a soapmaker who needs a lot of quality labels for soap and candles and use cardstock , labels and paper and this printer is the only one i will use . the laser print stays on the label as i lug things from show to show ... it 's a really good investment and the day it breaks down , i 'm getting another xerox . xerox is the way to go ! « show less
you ca n't print on regular photo paper using a laser printer . you need to purchase laser photo paper and the photo 's printed on my xerox 6500 are of excellent quality .
sure , it was straight forward on windows 7 based notebooks . go to add a printer , scan for network printer , it shows up , select it , the drivers are auto installed , set as default , print a test page and your done . about 30 seconds from start to finish .
yes
i 'm sorry , i do n't know for sure , i did n't see an indication on the box . i would say they are very thin , thinner than others i 've seen .
three
yes , works very well , we use them for school projects as well as gaming instructions we print off the web ; just keep an eye on the type of binder you get ; some of the binders i had on hand were short along the width and the sheet protectors stuck out a bit when the binder was closed .
yes , but they are hard to fix to 3ring binder book .
the box does not say they are acid free .
these are clear . and i find they can be read through easily .
if she does n't power press like young children can . they are pretty thin . they may not rip or tear , but the top sheet would move around on the paper because of it 's thinness .
they are clear but they are grainy . they make you have to look harder to see the detail . i purchased them for work , for a sales book with product pictures and examples and it just is n't good enough for a professional look . they will do fine for my grandchildren or recipes and things like that , but not a professional look .
no . the pages are pretty thin and textured .
yes you can , you just go to menu and select initial settings , scroll to talking caller id and push select , then select either on or off . you can have one on and the others off , its up to you on a per handset basis . it really is a nice phone and it goes all the way to my neighbors ; ( we live in a trailer park ) without crackeling or any type of distortion . : ) hope this helped !
so far , no but am having a terrible time gettung voice mail set up or clearing . instructions are as clear as mud !
i do n't think so . the only on off `` announcement '' option i see is `` called id talk '' - which always says `` call from state-number-name ''
i so far have blocked about 20 from telemarketers and have no issues with it ringing once and hanging directly up on them . it has been a blessing as i have not gotten any more calls for the past month so i think they have gotten the hint .
yup , it 's under `` base functions '' , `` wall mountable ''
yes , there is a speaker function on the `` main '' base unit . each handset has a speaker function .
yes , more than one person can talk on the phone at a time . no transferring necessary .
i do n't know about verizon fios , works well with brighthouse
i received the phone with a defective power adapter - other than that it has worked well for the month which i have been using the phone .
i wish i had the answer to that , i bought the cord for my dell laptop it worked just fine . i 'm not sure if it will for a cannon
check the shape of your plug in on the printer . if a figue 8 , it will fit .
yes
if your printer needs a figure eight shaped cord , it will work .
according to this website , http : education.ti.com en us about press about_press_release_news153the ti-nspire cx handheld is permitted for use sat* , ap* , psat nsmqt* , ib® , and act® college entrance exams , as well as many state standardized tests . students can even download sample sat and act test questions for practice.i would probably ask a high school guidance counselor to be sure or go to the test website and check .
yes
yes ... it comes with a hard cover ... but bought also bought a sleeve for extra protection ...
there is a 1 year warranty from texas instruments .
yes . it comes with a wall charger . plus it charges via mini usb so any suitable usb cable ( one is included in addition to the wall adapter ) will charge the calculator . in addition it should charge off the various usb charging adapters widely available today .
this type of calc is an investment in your future . if you will be doing other types of math like geometry , algebra , calculus , etc. , then this is the one for you . i bought mine and i love it . plus , if it ever gets sold to you with missing charging wires , call texas instruments customer service and they 'll mail you another set of charging wires no questions asked . i 'm happy with both the company and their product . i cnt complain . veey good calc but if your only looking for one for a particular class maybe go with the advice from the previous answer . fyi ti-89 can calculate all the same stuff that the n-spire can without color screen and the other bells and whistles ; ) if ur looking for something a little cheaper . this type of calc is an investment in your future . if you will be doing other types of math like geometry , algebra , calculus , etc. , then this is the one for you . i bought mine and i love it . plus , if it ever gets sold to you with missing charging wires , call texas instruments customer service and they 'll mail you another set of charging wires no questions asked . i 'm happy with both the company and their product . i cnt complain . veey good calc but if your only looking for one for a particular class maybe go with the advice from the previous answer . fyi ti-89 can calculate all the same stuff ... » read more this type of calc is an investment in your future . if you will be doing other types of math like geometry , algebra , calculus , etc. , then this is the one for you . i bought mine and i love it . plus , if it ever gets sold to you with missing charging wires , call texas instruments customer service and they 'll mail you another set of charging wires no questions asked . i 'm happy with both the company and their product . i cnt complain . veey good calc but if your only looking for one for a particular class maybe go with the advice from the previous answer . fyi ti-89 can calculate all the same stuff that the n-spire can without color screen and the other bells and whistles ; ) if ur looking for something a little cheaper . « show less
yes
yeah , it 's new and the packaging was tight . keep it up ... ..
i do n't have adt but i do have a different security system . so far i have not been able to make it work with ooma but i have n't yet talked to my security company . i thought i could add a twin telephone outlet to the ooma system and plug in my old telephone line ( which is attached to the security system ) . unfortunately , the ooma box ceased to accept either incoming or outgoing calls as long as it saw the old analog telephone line wiring was attached to the ooma box , even though the old telephone system is now inactive .
it works with google voice and has an extension to integrate with it with the premium package , but to my knowledge there is no current integration with skype
the primary benefit is that you do not have to carry a land line . i consequentially do carry the land line , because my spouse insists . she does n't want to give up the `` home '' number and make all the changes that go into switching people and companies over to our cell numbers . however , my monthly rate is a little lower with ooma than carrying the land line through my cable provider . eventually , i hope to cut the cord completely .
yes
as far as i know it is the latest and greatest . it was when i bought it last month . i know they 're older models that are n't compatible with all ooma 's features . this one is however compatible with all the latest features .
premier . i was going to ditch it after the first year but like the emailed vm feature enough ( can monitor calls to my home from anywhere on the road ) , as well as the second line ( we have teens ) . worth it , and you might get a deal by prepaying a year at a time . still way cheaper than local providers .
there is ooma canada : http : ca.ooma.comthe us page says if you buy the ooma from the us it will end up with a us number unless you subscribe to ooma premier and get a second number which can be in canada . ooma premier is pretty good , but you may not want to be locked into it.http : www.ooma.com app support free-calling-us-and-canada-ooma-premier-subscribers
great - even when using my cell connected by bluetooth
panasonic ship there phones with an appropriate power supply for the destination country mains voltage . the power supplies are not global universal . in the usa and canda , where 120 volts at 60hz is the normal mains supply , they are shipped with power supply number pnlv226 . however , for use in europe ( including uk ) and australia , where the operating voltage is now standardised at 230 pnlv226volts at 50hz , the power supply is numbered pnlv226ev ( ev = european voltage ) . this power supply will also work with 220 volts mains , a number of power adaptors are available for other destination countries ; all start with the prefix pnlv226 and end with a two letter code appropriate to the user market . however these are often more expensive to buy than the original phone , so it may be more economical to buy your own generic mains adaptor for the appropriate user mains voltage input . the output requirements are always dc ( direc current ) at 5.5 volts and with a minimum power availability of 500 ma ( milliamps ) with a 5.5 mm ( outer diameter ) coaxial input plug configured tip ( centre ) positive and sheath ( outer ) negative . such devices can be bought cheaply from many supermarkets and electronics outlets such as tandy , radio shack , cps , radio spares and maplin.if you really must have the panasonic power supply then the best way to ascertain the correct one is to go to the panasonic website , then to downloads , find the device the power supply is for , then select the language for the country you want to use it in . on the page ( near the begining ) where it tells you what contents should be in the box , it will have the model number of the power supply appropriate to that country . many of these can be bought on ebay . current exchange and postal rates dictate that it is generally cheapest to buy from canadian sellers , hope the above is useful to you . panasonic ship there phones with an appropriate power supply for the destination country mains voltage . the power supplies are not global universal . in the usa and canda , where 120 volts at 60hz is the normal mains supply , they are shipped with power supply number pnlv226 . however , for use in europe ( including uk ) and australia , where the operating voltage is now standardised at 230 pnlv226volts at 50hz , the power supply is numbered pnlv226ev ( ev = european voltage ) . this power supply will also work with 220 volts mains , a number of power adaptors are available for other destination ... » read more panasonic ship there phones with an appropriate power supply for the destination country mains voltage . the power supplies are not global universal . in the usa and canda , where 120 volts at 60hz is the normal mains supply , they are shipped with power supply number pnlv226 . however , for use in europe ( including uk ) and australia , where the operating voltage is now standardised at 230 pnlv226volts at 50hz , the power supply is numbered pnlv226ev ( ev = european voltage ) . this power supply will also work with 220 volts mains , a number of power adaptors are available for other destination countries ; all start with the prefix pnlv226 and end with a two letter code appropriate to the user market . however these are often more expensive to buy than the original phone , so it may be more economical to buy your own generic mains adaptor for the appropriate user mains voltage input . the output requirements are always dc ( direc current ) at 5.5 volts and with a minimum power availability of 500 ma ( milliamps ) with a 5.5 mm ( outer diameter ) coaxial input plug configured tip ( centre ) positive and sheath ( outer ) negative . such devices can be bought cheaply from many supermarkets and electronics outlets such as tandy , radio shack , cps , radio spares and maplin.if you really must have the panasonic power supply then the best way to ascertain the correct one is to go to the panasonic website , then to downloads , find the device the power supply is for , then select the language for the country you want to use it in . on the page ( near the begining ) where it tells you what contents should be in the box , it will have the model number of the power supply appropriate to that country . many of these can be bought on ebay . current exchange and postal rates dictate that it is generally cheapest to buy from canadian sellers , hope the above is useful to you . « show less
yes if you have caller id service through your phone carrier:30 numbers can be blocked.this feature allows the unit to reject callswhen : - the unit receives a call from a phonenumber stored in the call block list as unwanted ( `` storing unwanted callers '' , page 47 ) .- the unit receives a call without phonenumber ( `` blocking incoming callswithout phone number '' , page 48 ) .when a call is received , the unit rings fora short time while the caller is beingidentified . if the phone number matchesan entry in the call block list : - cellular calls are rejected.- landline calls are disconnected afterthe unit first sends out a busy tone tothe caller.link to manual : http : service.us.panasonic.com opermanpdf kxtg7622-mul.pdf yes if you have caller id service through your phone carrier:30 numbers can be blocked.this feature allows the unit to reject callswhen : - the unit receives a call from a phonenumber stored in the call block list as unwanted ( `` storing unwanted callers '' , page 47 ) .- the unit receives a call without phonenumber ( `` blocking incoming callswithout phone number '' , page 48 ) .when a call is received , the unit rings fora short time while the caller is beingidentified . if the phone number matchesan entry in the ... » read more yes if you have caller id service through your phone carrier:30 numbers can be blocked.this feature allows the unit to reject callswhen : - the unit receives a call from a phonenumber stored in the call block list as unwanted ( `` storing unwanted callers '' , page 47 ) .- the unit receives a call without phonenumber ( `` blocking incoming callswithout phone number '' , page 48 ) .when a call is received , the unit rings fora short time while the caller is beingidentified . if the phone number matchesan entry in the call block list : - cellular calls are rejected.- landline calls are disconnected afterthe unit first sends out a busy tone tothe caller.link to manual : http : service.us.panasonic.com opermanpdf kxtg7622-mul.pdf « show less
yes , on handset press menu # 162
having only gotten this unit on november 6th i have n't had to use this feature and i 'm not certain , but the owner 's manual says that as long as you subscribe to 'caller id ' service you can store up to 30 numbers in the `` call block '' list . it also allows you to reject any calls automatically if they come from a phone with their number blocked.hope that helps .
yes
yes . i read the manual and tried it . we have the 5 phone set and and it worked . thank you for alerting me to this feature !
yes .
no but it is the best phone i have ever used.i am hard of hearing and have tried several different kind this is the best .
do n't know since my dad would never wear a hearing aid . he could hear good with just the volume of the phone .
see page 14 and 15 of the user manual . you need to go to the answer setup in the menu and set it to have the base beep every 15 seconds when you have a new message . the alert stops after you listen to all your new messages or if you press any key on the base .
the handset has a li-ion battery . i 've never run down the battery to the point that i must re-charge . i surmise that it will last at least several hours like a mobile phone . otherwise the numbers and loudness is great when using the phone . the only problem that bothered me was the ringer volume was weaker than i had expected . being an engineer that i am , i felt that uniden dropped the ball on this part of the design . the light works , but even then it 's not like a bright flash like a strobe light to really catch your attention . like the other person who commented , you can leave it off the cradle for a day or 2 and it should be fine . the handset has a li-ion battery . i 've never run down the battery to the point that i must re-charge . i surmise that it will last at least several hours like a mobile phone . otherwise the numbers and loudness is great when using the phone . the only problem that bothered me was the ringer volume was weaker than i had expected . being an engineer that i am , i felt that uniden dropped the ball on this part of the design . the light works , but even then it 's not like a bright flash like a strobe light to really catch your attention . like the other person who commented , you can leave it off the ... » read more the handset has a li-ion battery . i 've never run down the battery to the point that i must re-charge . i surmise that it will last at least several hours like a mobile phone . otherwise the numbers and loudness is great when using the phone . the only problem that bothered me was the ringer volume was weaker than i had expected . being an engineer that i am , i felt that uniden dropped the ball on this part of the design . the light works , but even then it 's not like a bright flash like a strobe light to really catch your attention . like the other person who commented , you can leave it off the cradle for a day or 2 and it should be fine . « show less
10 '' wide unextended , 15 '' extended , 5 '' high
sure i can help ! its 5 inches wide 10 inches long and 5 inches high and when the both slides extends it becomes 15 inches long and when collapsed its only 1 inch thick .
it weighs less than a pound and well worth the cost . i have the smaller one and even tho i have small feet this one is more comfortable and usable .
no . it 's just hard plastic . you would need to add that yourself with some sticky add-on rubber .
the height off the floor is five inches .
i bought this for my son 's gf who travels on airplanes quite a lot and she loves it . she is a doctor and well aware of deep vein thrombosis . i do n't think anybody who is not short can really appreciate this thing . i asked my son recently if she was still using it and he said 'she wo n't leave on a trip now without it '' which i think is wonderfully funny as he told me ( before christmas ) he thought is was a really stupid present . she has had no trouble traveling with it .
only 1 card and envelope fits
the adhesive is on the flap .
i have n't tried mutliple cards but , i would imagine it would be to tight and might bend the corners of your card if not tear the seams of the plastic envelope . i used a bigger size to hold up to five a2 cards .
it would fit the card stock , i do n't think it would fit the stamp unless it was a small acrylic stamp . but i have n't tried it .
hi , i 'm certain that these bags will not hold 10 a2 cards and envelopes . i think 3 would be the max . while they do have a little give , they do not stretch and anything beyond a few cm would rip the plastic sides .
yes ! these plastic envelopes have a very secure adhesive , easily accessed by pulling the tab off . several times i have needed to remove something and was able to reseal each one without a problem . a great product and makes all your endeavors look very professional !
yes the card and envelope both fit in the clear plastic sleeve .
yes . i look up kx-tg7641 manual online and it shows kx-tga660 has a handset .
yes , base station and remotes are wall-mountable
can you be more specific ? do you have a base unit or just this handset ?
yes , i use a headset all the time ( 2.5 mm ) . i have the panasonic kx-tca430 comfort-fit , foldable headset . i like it because the headband and microphone are both adjustable , and it has a volume control and a mute button . very convenient , comfortable and easy to use . i highly recommend it .
yes , the kx-tga660b extra handset is compatible with the panasonic kx-tg6645 base , which includes 5 handsets as part of the unit package . you can have a maximum total of 6 handsets with this panasonic base unit and the kx-tga660b is very easy to set up . once you 've installed the batteries ( included ) and have charged the new extra handset , it is a very simple process to register the new handset with the base . the base assigns a new sequential handset identifier to it ( in my case it became handset # 6 ) and it will transfer things such things as date and time automatically to the new kx-tga660b handset just as it does with all the other handsets . you do have to set the handset ring tone and ring volume on the new handset , but that 's about all that needs to be done . yes , the kx-tga660b extra handset is compatible with the panasonic kx-tg6645 base , which includes 5 handsets as part of the unit package . you can have a maximum total of 6 handsets with this panasonic base unit and the kx-tga660b is very easy to set up . once you 've installed the batteries ( included ) and have charged the new extra handset , it is a very simple process to register the new handset with the base . the base assigns a new sequential handset identifier to it ( in my case it became handset # 6 ) and it will transfer things such things as date and time automatically to the new kx-tga660b ... » read more yes , the kx-tga660b extra handset is compatible with the panasonic kx-tg6645 base , which includes 5 handsets as part of the unit package . you can have a maximum total of 6 handsets with this panasonic base unit and the kx-tga660b is very easy to set up . once you 've installed the batteries ( included ) and have charged the new extra handset , it is a very simple process to register the new handset with the base . the base assigns a new sequential handset identifier to it ( in my case it became handset # 6 ) and it will transfer things such things as date and time automatically to the new kx-tga660b handset just as it does with all the other handsets . you do have to set the handset ring tone and ring volume on the new handset , but that 's about all that needs to be done . « show less
i have had this unit for months now . never had that issue , press spk button and it works . i would suggest pulling battery to reset phone to factory defaults . if that does n't work , it must be a defective unit .
yes , up to 5 handsets .
i believe this handset will work with the 6643b . i checked the manual and it lists the tga660 as a replacement handset . you can check the manual on this url . http : service.us.panasonic.com opermanpdf kxtg6632-mul.pdf
yes it does
yes , the base is the charging station . all the handsets have one . it has to be plugged in .
no just what you see . this is just the add on to what you already have such as the main base and the cordless phone if you bought the 3 , 4 , or 5 set . i am not sure how many come with it . i first bought the 3 set . thereafter , i bought another set just what you see then another set . so in total i have 5 phones and the 1 main base .
phone model number cl82401 and it uses a plug in style bt183342 or bt283342 or bt166342
i have the el25400 and it did n't work with my phone .
yes it does , but be sure it will work with your phone . it did not work with my phones .
i am 84 and i can read them . they are not super large , but big enough for me .
yes you can replace it with a new one or one of the others if you have more than one in the set
it probably can serve as a replacement . suggest you call at &t; service with your model number to be sure .
you could plug it in there , but it will not mount , it has to be sitting on its base and base must be plugged into electrical outlet , so the phones battery may charge .
yes you can use . i am using this in india with same voltage .
i do n't think that it will , it needs to work with the vtech cs6419-2 .
no it does not have a headset jack .
from the vtech website : accessory handset only-requires a cs6419 , cs6428 or cs6429 series phone to operate . previous answer by glenda incorrectly lists additional models with which this accessory handset is not compatible .
r.l . - cl83201 does not have a specific feature to block a call . contact your service provider to inquire about call blocking options they may offer .
no . the base requires electricity . if power is out , these phones will not work .
yes ...
yes ...
not sure what the question is ? phone comes with batteries for all units . had previous units 5 years b 4 upgrading to this unit , and never had to replace.they would have to be ordered on line if they ever fail , as they are not a common battery , but to cordless phones .
not sure what you mean ... .when dialing out or when receiving a call ... when dialing stays on until you press talk ... when receiving stays on unil you answer the call..never really paid any attention as to how long .
yes , you can do a kind of conference call with multiple people in the home on the same phone call . what you can not do is call 2 different numbers at the same time because it is all hooked into 1 phone number .
i believe there where parts for wall mount . i have had for several months . sorry .
mine do n't sound tinny , but i wish i could turn the volume up some , i 'm hearing impaired . hope this helps you . good luck .
i have a 4000sf house on 1acre and never have a distance problem
yes . good screen for me and i 'm old . lol
yes
no this phone is an accessory to the main phone only plugs into wall outlet not into phone jack
yes
joyce - ls6405 is not compatible with 6215. thanks !
yes ... i actually have an extra one not even hooked up yet ... the others all work great .
i currently have a total of 5 handsets on my v-tech ls6405 . i think as long as you register the new handsets to the base , you can add more than 3 to your ls6425 phone system .
yes it does , connecting between two phones is a little tricky but connecting to all phones is pretty easy .
http : www.jetpens.com uni-ball-pencil-eraser-refill-size-c-set-of-5 pd 2967
yes , lance . you click on the tip and the lead will come out . the only difference involving the clicking from traditional mechanical pencils is that the lead comes out in smaller increments so that the amount you want is more precise so you may have to click a couple of times .
no . the dark graphite pencil that i ordered only came with the lead in the pencil . however , i ordered a silver one , with the leads for $ 14.99 .
yes , it has `` japan '' printed on the side of the pencil on the metal clip , and says `` made in japan '' on the box [ which is printed mostly in japanese ] hope that helps ,
i think it 's one of the better models to have because it 's not very heavy and has the rotating mechanism for the lead . in comparison to other pencils , it 's more about the lead that determines breakage . this model has diamond infused lead which makes them a lot more resistant to breakage but good luck finding the replacements for it . if you 're looking for good replacements , then get the super high polymer replacements from the office supply stores because they work just as well ( if not better ) . they 're also cheaper and easier to find .
aluminum and plastic
the mechanism works everytime you lift the pencil of the paper . if you write in cursive , you will not notice if as much . i suggest you tap it on your finger to get a feel for how it works .
from what i can tell with their `` special uni kuru '' lead they sell , you should probably buy the special lead that has softer outside vs inside , because it will allow the autosharpening thing to work better .
the entire portion below the center silver ring seems to be metal . everything above that is a very heavy weight plastic that looks metallic . it 's a great pencil , with heavy weight and greta feel .
absolutely . this pencil has gotten me through so many test cram sessions
i do n't know but it does fit over my laserjet mfp m177 which is a color laser multifunction with room to spare .
18.11 ins . x 17.32 ins . x 8.07 ins .
it should manuel it 's a very big cover
yes it does and a little extra space .
it 's made of light weight plastic material - that is milky white color - you ca n't see clearly through the material and it has a thin blue border .
yes it would !
wo n't be exact fit , alittle snug but if your not real picky it would come close . fairly inexpensive so you could use it on other devices .
not in my opinion . your machine is 19.7 x 18.5 x 11.8 without the tray . the cover is 18 x 17.3 x 8.07 .
i do n't have the dimensions , but i have the hp 3520 and its way too big .
i have a hp desk jet ink advantage 4625 and es to big but is fine
not that i have found yet . but when i am not busy in my pc shop i turn to look into that from many forums . sorry
you can refill the ones that come with the printer . the ones that ship in the box last about 500 pages , maybe less . but the refills should last about 2500 pages . i ca n't say if they do yet since i 've not printed 2500 pages so far .
hi . yes , the chips do come with the refill kit and are very easy to install . i do n't have a page count since i 'm still printing away , but i can look at the control panel later and let you know the count up-to-date.i did look at the counters and here is the summary since installing the kit : 962 color prints 795 mono prints . that 's a total of 1757 prints . i still have 87 % of cmy and 56 % of k , so it seems like it should easily print another 1757 prints before i 'll have to replace the k toner .
you can refill the cartridges , i 've done it before . you just need to be sure to buy the refill ink and chip that goes on the cartridge
it was black ink .
you can get either blue or black ink , in either medium or fine point .
hello , the pencil is a 0.5mm lead.thanks
france
yes it has a hi and low setting and the redial is in the center of the surrounded by the phone buttons .
yes it will connect to any phone line even if it is through a modem .
ms. maria : oh yes , i have more phones and it works just fine , i like this phone so much , it really rings , not that digital fake ring .
it 's push button , not rotary
yes , just plug it into the wall
the `` thing that holds the phone '' is a cradle , and yes - raising and depressing it lets you answer and disconnect a call . as for magic jack - this phone is like any other handset and is therefore compatible .
i find it very comfortable . since it has the heft and feel of the old phones , it will get heavy if you hold it for for more than ten minutes.the sound is very clear and the volume is very good .
sorry , this is the first time i have ever heard of this . it says 1.0b in very fine print .
yes , it is a corded phone .
yes .
no , the numbers do not light up . also , even though it has caller id , there is no back-light so it 's very difficult to see who is calling . what were they thinking ? the phone does have excellent sound quality but becaue the extra features do not light , i would not recommend purchasing this phone unless you do n't mind not having back-lights . to me , it 's frustrating .
quite a long time .
you pick up the handset and it 's on the other side .
i have caller i.d . and am able to see every call i get . i 've never programmed any phone numbers .
no
we use these pagers 10 hours a day and they never go dead . occassionally our servers will take them home and come back the next day and use them again without be charged .
6 pagers
this system is warranted in the usa only by lrs . they have an international division that handles devices sold outside the usa . directpage is only licensed by lrs to sell the units sold and warranted in the usa .
we are used to 100~150 ft..that was good working
we actually called seller to find out and then ordered more to have ten units total ... they worked fine for the restaurant
it ships with starter toner , which goes pretty fast , so get your self a new toner cartridge to go along with it . this thing is awesome by the way . i do n't recommend using a toner refill kit .
it can print checks - like the full page kind with 3 parts : you , payee , & check . problem is it prints on bottom side of paper ( as it sits in paper tray ) that means to print a pre-numbered stack of checks , you have to restack them so 1st check is face down on top putting them in order face down in stack . i used to load and print 1 at a time . i pay almost all electronically now and hand write standard checks when i need to pay by check .
it comes with a `` starter '' cartridge which is known to run out after 200-250 pages . you have to buy a normal cartridge very shortly . original cartridges ( 2600 pages ) are expensive but i had no problem with a compatible third-party one ( http : www.amazon.com gp product b0062znyfk , $ 11 ) . there is also a setting that controls what will happen if toner is low ( 25 % or below ) : default is stop working , but you can change it to continue working ( device settings remote setup general setup replace toner : `` continue '' ) .
here are some suggestions that seem to work for other brother mfc printers . i have n't tried these myself since i did n't have the problem , but give it a go . you did n't mention if you were using a brother cartridge or a generic . also , you did n't mention if this was an existing cartridge where the toner is just low or if you had this problem with a new cartridge . in either case , i think one of these procedures should work . they seem to involve blocking a sensor in the cartridge or entering a reset code . i do n't know if the links will show up on amazon.from the site : www.fixyourownprinter.com forums inkjet 37597i had the same problem with mfc-7420 this morning . here is what i did and message is gone.1 ) pull out the cartridge and look on the right side of it . you will see a small hole that has a glass like window in side ( round window ) .2 ) turn off mfc-74203 ) cover the hole on cartridge with a duct or a piece of paper . ( this blocks the light from reaching the detector on the other side of the cartridge which is how the printer determines if the toner is low ) .4 ) replace the cartridge back in the printer and turn on the printer . 5 ) the message should be gone and you should be able to use the copier functionality.it worked perfectly . from the site : blog.inksolutionsma.com 2013 01 22 resetting-toner-life-end-error-message-on-brother-printers step 1 - open the front cover of your brother mfc-7820n or brother mfc-7420 so you can access the toner cartridge.step 2 - while the front cover is open and the machine is on , push the button `` options '' .step 3 - push `` start '' step 4 - then quickly type `` 1″ and `` 0″ ( like your typing the number 10 ) . if you do n't perform this step quick enough you will have to start from the beginning . do n't ask why , we do n't know and could not find an answer to that question even from brother . we think they just like aggravating people.step 5 - wait until the machine shows the term `` accepted '' in the window.step 6 - there is no step 6 , your tn-350 toner cartridge is now reset and you can now print to your heart 's content.from the site : blog.tonerboss.com how-to-reset-brother-tn-360-toner-cartridges-on-brother-mfc-7840w steps in resetting the brother tn 360 toner cartridges on brother mfc-7840w , mfc-7360n and brother mfc-8480* step 1 - open the front cover of your brother mfc-7840w mfc-7360n mfc-8480 where you can access its toner cartridges . * step 2 - press the clear back button and wait till its screen showed a dialogue `` replace drum ? 1. yes 2. no '' * step 3 - do not type in 1 or 2 , instead type in *00 on the keypad and then it will show the word `` accepted '' . * step 4 - close the front cover of your printer , thus it is now reset and you can continue working on your print jobs.from the youtube video from frugalberry.com www.youtube.com watch ? v=pk9queh1avu here are some suggestions that seem to work for other brother mfc printers . i have n't tried these myself since i did n't have the problem , but give it a go . you did n't mention if you were using a brother cartridge or a generic . also , you did n't mention if this was an existing cartridge where the toner is just low or if you had this problem with a new cartridge . in either case , i think one of these procedures should work . they seem to involve blocking a sensor in the cartridge or entering a reset code . i do n't know if the links will show up on amazon.from the site : ... » read more here are some suggestions that seem to work for other brother mfc printers . i have n't tried these myself since i did n't have the problem , but give it a go . you did n't mention if you were using a brother cartridge or a generic . also , you did n't mention if this was an existing cartridge where the toner is just low or if you had this problem with a new cartridge . in either case , i think one of these procedures should work . they seem to involve blocking a sensor in the cartridge or entering a reset code . i do n't know if the links will show up on amazon.from the site : www.fixyourownprinter.com forums inkjet 37597i had the same problem with mfc-7420 this morning . here is what i did and message is gone.1 ) pull out the cartridge and look on the right side of it . you will see a small hole that has a glass like window in side ( round window ) .2 ) turn off mfc-74203 ) cover the hole on cartridge with a duct or a piece of paper . ( this blocks the light from reaching the detector on the other side of the cartridge which is how the printer determines if the toner is low ) .4 ) replace the cartridge back in the printer and turn on the printer . 5 ) the message should be gone and you should be able to use the copier functionality.it worked perfectly . from the site : blog.inksolutionsma.com 2013 01 22 resetting-toner-life-end-error-message-on-brother-printers step 1 - open the front cover of your brother mfc-7820n or brother mfc-7420 so you can access the toner cartridge.step 2 - while the front cover is open and the machine is on , push the button `` options '' .step 3 - push `` start '' step 4 - then quickly type `` 1″ and `` 0″ ( like your typing the number 10 ) . if you do n't perform this step quick enough you will have to start from the beginning . do n't ask why , we do n't know and could not find an answer to that question even from brother . we think they just like aggravating people.step 5 - wait until the machine shows the term `` accepted '' in the window.step 6 - there is no step 6 , your tn-350 toner cartridge is now reset and you can now print to your heart 's content.from the site : blog.tonerboss.com how-to-reset-brother-tn-360-toner-cartridges-on-brother-mfc-7840w steps in resetting the brother tn 360 toner cartridges on brother mfc-7840w , mfc-7360n and brother mfc-8480* step 1 - open the front cover of your brother mfc-7840w mfc-7360n mfc-8480 where you can access its toner cartridges . * step 2 - press the clear back button and wait till its screen showed a dialogue `` replace drum ? 1. yes 2. no '' * step 3 - do not type in 1 or 2 , instead type in *00 on the keypad and then it will show the word `` accepted '' . * step 4 - close the front cover of your printer , thus it is now reset and you can continue working on your print jobs.from the youtube video from frugalberry.com www.youtube.com watch ? v=pk9queh1avu « show less
yes -- it works perfectly with latest mac software -- and brother is very good at offering phone installation assistance . i have a similar mfc at my other home office and been happy with it for over 4 years now.. hope that helps
no it does not print wirelessly . if you connect it to a router , then you can set it up to print wirelessly that way , although honestly i had luck doing it with macs but not with my pcs ( running windows xp ) .
it fits any size binder . of course , the more you have , the larger the binder you will need .
i do n't own any trading cards to check them , but a 3 '' x5 '' index card easily fits ( with some room to move ) inside 1 of the 4 pockets on a page .
i use them for coupons , but to my understanding no they are used for cards . like baseball cards things like that .
i cut my own with the big paper cutter at the office max copy center .
i thought the plastic was and is pretty sturdy i use these to store metal nail stamping plates and havent had any issues with it
no the screws for the shelves are screwed into the fiber board and would not work well to rescrew them into that fiber board .
nothing is adjustable .
it would depend on an individual 's size , but a standard bar stool should work .
it is very sturdy . i often use a bible , ipad and small clock timer on top . then have a rather large cup ( glass ) for water on the shelf . i 've even lightly leaned on it too and it 's been great .
plastic
it takes the standard 25 x 30 inch easel pads . i ordered `` post-it self-stick easel pad , 25 x 30.5 inches , 30-sheet pad ( 2 pack ) '' on amazon for this product and they work just fine .
it is both
yes , there is a tray to rest the pens on . we also have a small magnetic cup that we keep extra pens in as well as a magnetic eraser .
it 's pretty stable . i can write at the top and it shakes a bit , but not so much that i have to support it with my other hand .
i never tried to take it apart , but you would have to to fit it in a car . maybe if i put the seats down in my suv i could lay it down and it would probably fit . it 's not overly heavy .
no , the back is not usable . it has hardware on it .
yes it is
i 'm hoping i 'll never have to put it to the test ! as for water and fireproof , i do not know.as for theft-proof , it is heavy and has no handles . the thief would have to carry it with two hands or on a cart making it rather unwieldy for a quick getaway .
two keys come with the safe . they are `` barrel '' style so i do n't know if you could get any more made at a typical hardware store . storing photos - or disks with backups of digital photos are a good idea . i am not sure how they would survive the heat of an actual fire however . that would be a question for the makers of the safe .
the only reason i have this sentry safe h4300 is exactly for that reason . it keeps my important items safe that are difficult to replace , including birth certificates and passports .
it is tricky but explained in the directions . push down on the top or lid with one hand while also pulling up on the red release button with the other . i am not sure you even need the keys !
i do n't know how it could withstand a house fire . i am terribly disappointed in mine . the hinge pins are made of plastic . it would appear to me that they would melt fairly quickly and there would be no structural integrity . i guess they have tested it , and their claims are accurate . but , the top fell off of mine after a year of use . i would not trust it with my important documents . i now use mine to store odds and ends that have no value .
push down really hard . i had to sit on it the first time to get it to close . it gets easier over use .
i have had my safe for many years and never any signs of mold . if still concerned there are packets you can purchase here on amazon to place inside safe .
no . this unit only hold standard size documents . a legal size document will have to be folded to fit .
i use it pretty much in the manner you 're asking about , but there are no straps to keep the laptop in place . the base supports the laptop well , so the tilt you choose before the laptop tips over onto your head is the only concern . i tried an extreme position for you , and it 's fine with the base tilted at about 15 degrees short of vertical and the screen horizontally pointing down at my head on my pillow . one thing i did n't consider to be aware of is that typing for a long period with arms up off of bed can be exhausting . using a mouse and mouse pad on your bed helps .
depends on how hot you laptop runs , and if you will be using it flat on your lap or surface . in my opinion , the way this table is designed elevates the laptop allowing cooling and the material exchanges heat rapidly so a fan table is n't worth the expense and battery power to run it , unless you have a beastly powered laptop doing serious gpu work and running in a poorly ventilated hot environment .
yes . i brought it for my son . so he uses it all the time for sitting on the couch . he does change the height for standing , but not often . if you are a jack rabbit , like me , i am always up and down , it might get tiresome . but if you leave standing to should work fine . the price is good . ps i have a rolling , adjustable standing sitting desk with a hydralyic level , but is was $ 300.00 . it was worth it because i was developing hip back problems and i use the computer constantly for work .
it is certainly light but getting it configured takes some space and some effort . you might buy it , try it out at home , and then see if you consider it portable . i probably would not .
no , you would need to remove the laptop first ... each side has to be independently adjusted so you 'd need to have your laptop off the stand to make the adjustment .
on the stand itself , there 's no room . it 's got enough room for massive 17 '' pc laptop , but i just use a 15 '' macbook pro
the widest point at the furinno legs is 22 '' so if there is enough room for the furinno to comfortably beover your lap and rest on the recliner seat i would think it would be fine
i have a 17 inch laptop and it fit fairly well .
i would n't try to sharpen crayons with it . i would be concerned it would clog it up . however , the hand-held sharpeners that you can find in the school-supply area work fine . many of them come with a reservoir to hold the shavings so that you do n't have to stand over a trashcan while sharpening . hope you find what you 're looking for .
hi - i did n't need to unwind the cord very much to plug it in where i wanted it , so i do n't really know . i did end up sending the item back and getting a refund , as it is very cheaply made , can only accommodate one size pencil , and mfr instructions ( not the seller 's ad ) says not to use for colored pencils , which was why i bought the item in the first place . my advice : you can find a much better quality sharpener at an office supply store for less money .
no battery , it plugs into the wall .
you can open it underneath . but you ca n't take out if the graphite breaks and then , probably your sharpener will be already broken . i bought one and it worked good for 5 minutes just before this happen . i do n't advice anyone on buy it .
we sharpen several pencils at a time for school all the time , have n't had any problems with ours at all . we paid 9.99 for it , it 's a basic personal pencil sharpener . we previously had a 30 dollar one that would overheat and stop after just a couple of pencils , so i know the frustration with some sharpeners , but this one has worked very , very well for us .
i bought it specifically for faber-castell pastel pencils ... i 've sharpened 60 to a fine point with minimal waste , and zero breaking . the motor is slower than the average sharpener which is perfect ... the secret is to press down firmly but only for a moment , and let the sharpener do the work , holding the pencil still . perfect results every time . i get the same results with general 's and wolff 's carbon pencils , as well as general 's primo pencils . hoping that is helpful .
yes it sharpens colored pencils . i just sharpened one to be sure !
no it would have to be a note pad . if it maters at all i love this it is light and easy to carry !
yes , but if done regularly might cause the spine to weaken . i do n't use it that way , but it definitely folds back . i love the quality of the item ! and i love the color .
yes , most other standard size notepads fit in this portfolio .
the envelopes are colored
the four colors are yellow , green , blue , and pink .
they are folded cards , and are white on the inside . decent quality .
4 1 2 x 6 1 2
i have only ever used it with my iphone 5 , which works great . i think it is supposed to work with the ipad .
yes , you just need to download the app for it .
it does ! but only a limited supply . you may want to purchase a cartridge .
i believe it 's designed to work with the iphone only ... check the manufactures web site . : )
it does not . has to be connected to your phone . i love mine .
i 'm not sure ; i have a 4s but it works great ! i love it .
yes , it can . i envy you have this model . i enjoyed mine except for the poor quality of the top feed tray . when i had to replace my printer i found it was no longer availability so i had to choose another model .
hi jeanette , the blk cart is 3 '' l x 7 8 '' w and 1 1 2 '' hthe clr is 3 '' l x 1 1 4 '' w and 1 3 4 '' h. cartridge # 30
throw the pos in the trash .
try running a print head clean with a new cartridge , otherwise you may need a new print head
no .
there are no batteries used in this phone . the phone will still work with a power outage , but the answering machine part of the phone will not work . hope this helps you .
e31128 3kuu hn-ul0900300d class 2 power supply from jun wei electronics , input : 120v , 60hz , 5w output : dc9v 300ma
there is no headset jack associated with this telephone .
i do n't believe that it has that capability of setting the year . however , while scrolling through the menu screens , it allows you to set the day of the week and that combined with the date should give you a good idea when the call came in .
not that i 'm aware of . i bought it as a dumb landline . grandma does n't trust phones without curly cords . : - )
there is a blinking light there is a message received but there is no audio indicating a message has been left .
yes it is .
yes it is . it 's working with my computer just fine .
no
i had to call customer tech support to set up a way to scan with this very poorly made machine .
no
yes
not sure what you mean . i would say that the multi-feed paper tray can act a a single feed tray . i have reversed a document and printed on the other side or other end of a sheet by this process .
yes . i originally purchased the wall mount desk top base to have in my kitchen . it originally came with one expansion , and at a later date i purchased 3 expansions .
sure . that was what i did at my parents ' home so each could have a phone within easy reach .
yes , it does connect up to your base . just make sure you have the right model . you can have up to 7 phones connected . they configure to your base very easy . i have added 3 to my base station with no problems .
it is just like a normal journal all the lines and margins are the same . the only difference is that the spiral is on the right side . i can honestly tell you its weird at first but once you use it , you ca n't go back to the other journals . you wo n't need to tilt your journal so that your arm wo n't touch the spiral .
yes
yes
the worksurface part above the keyboard tray , is about 23 '' across . the keyboard tray below that is about 16 3 4 '' . you 'd have to measure your keyboard to know .
the top of the unit is 30 '' above the desktop when all the way down . max height of top of monitor ( my monitor is 12 '' high ) when fully raised is 37 '' above desktop ( desktop is 29 '' from floor ) .
yes . the box contains the surface itself , a metal piece with a handle molded into it , and a plastic piece that holds the metal piece to the existing horizontal surface of the keyboard arm . all of the screws are also in the box , so all you need is a phillips screwdriver .
this work surface is designed to fit onto the ergotron workstation ; it is a flat piece of wood with a metal handle and screws that attach it to the sit stand station . i do n't know how you would attach it to any other desk .
you have to adjust the tension as you did when you put the keyboard and monitors on the stand to begin with . you take the cap off of the tower part and turn the protruding bolt clockwise until you reach equilibrium .
compatible with all models of what ? monitors ? i have had the ergotron workstation installed for many individuals . all different sizes of monitors and styles of workstations ( cubes and desks ) . have not run into a snag yet . hope this helps .
this is an add-on for the ergotron standing desk system
i looked in the book and that is one of the numbers listed on the cover . this user guide is available online through motorola website if you want to see it . sincerely , cae
hi . actually i made a mistake with this purchase . i thought it was a phone
yes , it will , just put the handset on the base of your old phone then it should be good to go
i have not had any problem connecting the phones , i just plugged them in and they worked no problem , you may have a problem with that phone , hope this will help you .
here 's the only way i know to turn the ringer off . make sure the phone is in its charger . remove it . press the `` arrow up '' part of the round button below the three soft buttons under the digital screen . as the ringer is is sounding , press the `` arrow down '' part of the same round button until the ringer stops ( usually two clicks ) . place the phone back in it 's charger .
yes this is an accessory that connects with a base unit in the house .
yes , i think it will supportup to 4. location in relation to the base may matter .
yes . my sister has pulse and i gave her one for christmas . they are a puzzling phone , though , compared to the clarity corded phones we also have . having mobility is nice . from time to time , we are still trying to figure out why we dial a number and it does n't go through . we push `` talk '' again and it starts dialing . it 's rather strange . the clarity100 has a base with numbers that you can dial on the flat part of the phone rather than from the handset . amazon.com has always sold both . i guess i 'd have to say i like this phone and do n't like it .
i would contact the manufaturer and find what they would do ! 1-800-4726-37386131 preservation drivechattanooga , tn 37416
i do n't have any problem accessing the phone book or register , except that it 's a nuisance there is n't any search mechanism -- or at least i have n't found any . having to page through everything else till you find the number you want is a nuisance . but the records that the phone keeps seem to be accurate and accessible relatively easily .
yes
both .
yes it does !
it 's not and it 's also narrow printer with lots of issues
windows 7 compatible , not sure about 8 .
yes
it does come with a starter toner ink cartridge , i purchased mine last year so i ca n't recall the number of pages it printed . the printer has performed very well .
i currently have windows 8.1 installed and i am utilizing the printer without any issues .
no , there is another model that has the document feeder tho
mine is connected via wireless but if you wanted to use copier scanner without any connections , you can .
we are using it with a mac osx 10.7.5 and a 10.8.5 and it works fine . not installation or recognition issues .
120 vac
hi , because it only has a d at the end of the model number , it prints duplex ( prints on both sides of the paper ) which is what i wanted . they have one with a dn which means it prints duplex and can be hooked up to a network . in order to be wireless , i think it would have to have a w at the end of the model number .
most definitely ! i have a mac . it requires a usb port , that 's all .
yes , when the dcp7065dn is connected to a router it will work fine with a wireless notebook laptop . after the printer is connected to the router , install the dcp7065dn driver software on your laptop using the provided driver utilities installation cd . after the initial installation screens , select the `` wired network '' install option .
the dcp-7065dn does not do automatic duplex copying , either through the adf or the scanner glass . this is according to the manual . http : www.brother-usa.com virdata content en-us printers consumer usersmanual um_dcp_7060d_7065dn_hl_2280dw_en_2863.pdf
no , the printer will not . your computer , assuming the printer is hooked up to one , will do the work .
it has 1 year warranty
on the top left it says options.. duplex . click on duplex . run your first side . then it asks : one more page ? yes or no . arrow to yes and add the page you want on the back side . then click okay . then it will ask again if you want another page : click no and okay . works great !
yes but it can scan in color
yes you can . i frequently use mine to make copies of the bible for sunday school and of crochet patterns .
the tn-420 is included with this printer , it 's a starter toner cartridge that should last about 700 pages of normal text ; it lasted me about 330 pages with heavy graphics . if you print a lot , you should get the tn-450 toner cartridge that should print about 2,900 pages of normal text . by the way , the printer is medium grade printer ( of build strength ) and i could find very little defects compared to my 5280dw industrial grade printer . it 's a five star printer .
to remove the old eraser
yes . they 're fine .
one box of five erasers
as close as i can tell . my ruler does n't have .9 mm but it looks like it 's just before the 5 line . again it 's very difficult to tell but i would say yes to the 12.5 also .
yes , we bought them for the pilot dr. grip 0.5 pencil , and they fit perfectly . : )
it 's actually memory foam . not gel . maybe about 1 4 inch thick . feels good on my feet .
according to the specifications on the amazon page it weighs 7.3 lbs .
plastic . but it 's pretty sterdy
it is not electrical at all actually ...
anything that 's comfortable for you . i am sometimes barefoot , wearing shoes , socks , or sandals .
great question . yes , besides being of substantial weight , it has 4 rubber grips approx 1 '' x 1 ''
this will not raise up high enough to keep your feet at the level of your bottom -- but it should keep your thighs parallel to the seat instead of them hanging down and putting pressure on the backs of your legs -- which can also affect swelling . it has really helped me with back pain from sitting extended periods for work .
not automatically . this is not a feature .
15.5 sec minimum for b &w; 27.5 sec minimum for color
yes you can scan to your computer one side of the page at the time . is not a double page scanner . pictures come out great !
worse printer i 've ever had .
send it back ! i have nothing but problems with this machine .
nope . copies , scans , prints .
hi nadia , the printer has a label energy star . thanks , margaret
i do not have on a multiuser network but with hardwired connection or wireless it wakes to print easily from deep sleep .
i have taken mine offline from so many issues and bought a $ 80 canon i am quite happy with ; )
i have not had any problems printing on card stock . i think your best bet is to contact dell and make sure you get a us rep .
nope !
no .
i have tried to get it to do 1 envelope and i was unsuccessful . have n't tried multiple envelopes .
no , you have to be connected via usb in order to scan to your pc . hope this helps !
according to dell 's website it doeshttp : accessories.us.dell.com sna sna.aspx ? c=us &cs; =04 &l; =en &s; =bsd & ~topic=mobile-print
i have a 2013 macbook air running 10.8.4 and it works just fine .
yes . you will be notified that color toner is low , and you can choose to print in black ( grayscale ) only .
32 inches tall with scanner open
yes , it does . unequivocally . but it does not automatically feed two-sided originals ... .my only complaint with the machine .
no it is not . never made sense to me since it duplex prints . so i keep an old dell printer in the back room for duplex scans . maybe a firmware update would give me duplex scan ? do n't know . call dell for further info .
i have printer directly connected to modem and can print from wireless laptop connect to wireless modem
no they are just the toners
i do not recommend purchasing this five-pack . toners leaked all over the place and nearly ruined my printer .
by print yield i assume you are wanting to know the number of pages ? i am not positive of the answer for this , but i have purchased several packs of these and compared to the name brand counterparts i do not believe i am changing them any more often than the others . i plan to continue to purchase them , they have been great and we have had no problems with them .
do n't know i use it with 3070cw . no problems
yes they will . the company is also good to work with if there is a problem . hope this helps .
hi i do n't know yet as i have less printing..but quality is good.thanksabid
i have not had them refilled or tried to refill them . this printer is only used when color is absolutely necessary . but these work very well . i read that some 'compatibles ' do not have certain circuitry required by the printer . these cartridges do have it .
as pictured , top to bottom twice in thirds , then side flaps as shown licked and stuck . lastly , bottom flap as shown licked folded and stuck , then flip to top , address and send .
hi , put one sheet on my postage scale and it weighed .2 oz . hope that helps
no , there are no images , and , as others have noted , it is not blue . there are lines on the front on which to put an address , and some red and blue stripes on the border as pictured .
i do not k ow for sure but it holds 11 plastic bags of groceries . hope this helps .
i 'm not good at measuring , but a paper bag from the grocery store fits inside perfectly . i have had my cart for almost a year and have never had a problem with it and would recommend it highly .
it rolls up pretty well , it depends on the weight of the items you have in it that determines ease of use . still , much easier than actually carrying the items while climbing stairs .
i 'm not good with measurements but a full paper bag of groceries fits well inside the cart . hope that helps .
yes
yes .
this is an awesome printer . i 've printed 15,000 pictures with no problem . i buy the consumables here on amazon .
the machine do not come with ribbon and paper you will need to buy it
the scale will return to zero after you remove the package . there is also a tare button that will calibrate the scale back to 0 when you press it .
on battery it has auto off . if plugged in it stays on
if your letter , or package is weighing in ounces , you will be fine . the scale will give you an output of 1.2oz or .9oz or 2.7oz or whatever the weight may be . the only issure you will have is if the item weighs less than .1oz ( 1 10 of an ounce ) .1 is the lowest measurement of this scale . so if your item is less than .1 oz , then your scale will read either .1 or 0.0. any weight of .1 oz to 55.0.0 lbs this scale will weigh without problem.i hope this helps .
the top measures 71 4 x 5 1 2. this scales reads `` exactly '' what my local post office scales shows . i have no complaints and find this to be a great product at a reasonable price .
according to the manual , you would press the mode button to change the scales displayed unit of measure .
contact the manufacturer .
no , its a stand-alone scale .
pounds and ounces , pounds , kilograms & kilograms and grams
absolutely ! that is the very reason i purchased it , and i am pleased . understand you get a picture of the document , not digitized text . this has proven to be my most useful genealogy tool .
if you could find some way to stick them to an 8 '' x 11 '' sheet of paper , either with scotch tape other other means , you should be able to scan them . you could put several on a sheet of paper and scan them all at one time . i have never tried to scan a 4 x 6 but i can see it would be a problem because the photo would move unless you hold it in place until the scanner starts over the photo .
no . the scanner is 8 1 2 inches long . you could scan a document that is 8 1 2 '' x 12 '' but not 12 x 12. i use it to scan 8 1 2 x 11 and 8 1 2 by 14 documents . i really like my scanner . when i am checking court records , i can run it over the document , bring it home and print the document for my records . i like mine so much that i gave a friend one .
it has one included
yes
walmart also has a 10 ream case for around $ 30
from one who shops a great deal online , when i needed paper for my printer , i did think it was a bit on the expensive side but got it anyway & have been very pleased with the quality of the copies . note that you can copy on both sides of the page & it comes out perfectly .
the paper weight is 20 # ( average paper thickness ) . the 3 # is the actual weight of one 500 sheet ream . the price appears to me to be horribly wrong . there is a link below the product specifics where you can inquire with amazon or the seller about the correct details . wish i could have been more help .
hello . many people live in far away places , and ca n't just go to the local store to pick up their ream of paper . we have shipped reams of paper from our amazon site and other site to such places as puerto rico , nebraska , etc. , where it would be much more expensive to travel through jungles or dirt roads to get their paper . also , we are not the most expensive seller of this type of paper . if anyone has a problem with our pricing , they are free to not buy our products . have a wonderful day !
yes
once that you are able to get the top of the receipt started in the rollers , they come out fine . the challenge is getting it started .
no . the scanner does n't have its own storage and needs to be connected to a computer via usb to work . if you want more portable scanning , try the doxie go , for example .
no , not possible , sorry .
i did not get a question , and presume you are asking my opinion on the unit ! well , its been purchased a while now , and thus-far , its smooth sailing , never had a single issue that would cause me to remove any of the seven stars i have for-it ... its worth every dime . hope this help in any way !
120v
its the capacity of coins , bills etc . in this case , its the bills and its capacity at one time is 1,200 bills , which is very good , among all the other superb features working with usd , canadian dollar , euro and most other currencies and detection of counterfeit currency . a truly great buy !
i 'm just using it for home use , so not sure what maximum would be . but i 've run it continuously for 3 or 4 minutes .
just oil the cutting blades about every 1 2 hour when using for a long period of time otherwise no maintenance . happy shredding
put fingers in drawer slot , lift up slightly , pull forward . i never had a problem with mine . is the basket too full ? if so , give the shredder a little shake to settle the shredded paper . try again .
this is a powder toner for a laser printer , so drying out is n't really an issue . i have n't noticed any smudging . for my laser primter , i will buy this refill again and again .
it comes with the spring and reset gear . you use your old faceplate . the instructions are poor , so i had to go on youtube on how to place the gear correctly . hope this helps .
my experience has been to pour in the whole replacement bottle -- seems they are sized to be a reasonable refill -- at least for my machine and for many years now .
yes , i got a little ghosting .
this is a powder .
it refilled my toner one time . there was a little bit of mess and wasted toner when it flew all over the place rather than going into the cartridge , but not a whole lot , only a slightly fraction of the contents was wasted . i do n't think you 'll get multiple refills unless you 're only adding a little bit at a time .
yes , the refill can be used for a starter cartridge . one of the advantages of using the refills is that you do n't have to discard a perfectly good cartridge . i have used them successfully with my hl-2270dw printer , after buying a refill kit , which consists of the ink plus a couple of inexpensive parts that you can easily install . and here 's something to remember - using your ink refills , you can re-use your cartridges for up to 5 times , before you will need to purchase a new one ! you 're welcome .
powder
yep - see the process for yourself - youtube search phrases are as follows '' how to refill a brother tn-420 or tn-450 cartridge '' and `` how to install the flag gear on a brother tn-450 cartridge '' - inkowl has the best vids showing the process .
the outside is made of plastic , but it is a sturdy plastic . the parts that really interact with the paper are metal . do n't expect it to staple more than 8 sheets of even regular copy paper . it is not designed to do that . it does work great for a couple of sheets .
did you ever find the kind that crimps instead of making a hole in the paper ? i am also looking for a `` crimper '' and would love knowing where one could be found .
i 've done 8 easily .
yes , but not as thick as staples .
if you mean a pin-board , then no , not directly . the only way you could use this item for displaying documents would be to attach them to the bottom ( or side ) of a document that is already attached by some other means . even then , it is unlikely that the 'joint ' would be strong enough to withstand any sort of mauling . hope this is helpful . regards , eric .
it is a standard 2 hb pencil . to make a pencil mark stand out more easily using the same pressure you would need a softer pencil lead ( 2b , 4b , 6b ) which will also smudge more , or paper that 's less shiny . anything that gave you a dark line without smudging and without bearing down harder would also probably be very difficult to erase , like a crayon . if that 's not an issue to you there are many pencils with dark , waxy centers , not all with thick leads . they can be great for drawing . do n't know how they 'd be for extensive writing . this is the best standard writing pencil i have ever used . you can get a smooth line with light pressure , or you can bear down without snapping the lead , which is always perfectly centered in the wood . the erasers work great . i will happily use the yellow ticonderogas , but if i 'm spending my own money these are what i always get . it is a standard 2 hb pencil . to make a pencil mark stand out more easily using the same pressure you would need a softer pencil lead ( 2b , 4b , 6b ) which will also smudge more , or paper that 's less shiny . anything that gave you a dark line without smudging and without bearing down harder would also probably be very difficult to erase , like a crayon . if that 's not an issue to you there are many pencils with dark , waxy centers , not all with thick leads . they can be great for drawing . do n't know how they 'd be for extensive writing . this is the best standard writing pencil i have ever used . you ... » read more it is a standard 2 hb pencil . to make a pencil mark stand out more easily using the same pressure you would need a softer pencil lead ( 2b , 4b , 6b ) which will also smudge more , or paper that 's less shiny . anything that gave you a dark line without smudging and without bearing down harder would also probably be very difficult to erase , like a crayon . if that 's not an issue to you there are many pencils with dark , waxy centers , not all with thick leads . they can be great for drawing . do n't know how they 'd be for extensive writing . this is the best standard writing pencil i have ever used . you can get a smooth line with light pressure , or you can bear down without snapping the lead , which is always perfectly centered in the wood . the erasers work great . i will happily use the yellow ticonderogas , but if i 'm spending my own money these are what i always get . « show less
no . and i have found that the black ones ( at least the ones i recieved ) do n't sharpen as well as the standard color . maybe it 's my sharpener , but the lead constantly breaks when sharpening .
no they do not .
we have a 2 story 5 bedroom house and have phones in 3 bedrooms , kitchen and my workroom ( bought an extra phone for that ) and all work fine
yes
no , they are not designed to be wall mounted . however there is room on the back side to put double sided tape and mount on something like a book case .
contact panasonic 's techline directly ( toll-free ) and ask ... 1-866-990-0010
yes and anything not obvious it tries the phonetic ex . my acupuncturist is neaohs and it says call from `` knee ohs '' its about the third set we have had and i would say the best so far
no , the one i got did not have a belt clip
mine is digital , only supported by the cable company .
they are left on your cell phone .
i had a sign shop make us several inserts . they side right in . you could buy insert on amazon i think and letter it your self with stick on lettering .
yes it is
yes , it does , one on each side of the area . so a poster can be held more securely .
yes . both sides have slots that keep signs in place . we have been very happy with the one we purchased .
they are not very heavy . in the description it says `` weighs only 21 lbs '' . these are hollow on the inside . they ask you to fill them up with sand to keep them grounded if keeping outside . i have tied it down with two 50 lbs sand bags .
actually you can order a poster size sign and it just fits into the inset- i 'm getting ready to use them again and just going to use poster board.they usually tell you what size is needed for the sign paper . these were very nice and stood up well . we were glad we ordered them for the event we held this spring .
approximately 27 '' wide by 42 '' high .
we have never tried to write on this with dry erase markers . it might work , but we have signs made to fit the this .
if you do a mail merge , it took no time at all . i had to make 700 name tags with a logo on them and they were done in a day
they 're smooth ...
i assume you can if you have a program to do it . they just send the inserts .
thank you for your inquiry . this item does include the insert cards . please contact us if you need any further assistance
sorry , but i bought them for an organization and do n't have them to measure . hopefully someone else will respond , but if not , use a dimension just under 3 x 4 `` and it should fit . i also used a larger dimension for some inserts and placed them in sideways with part hanging out , but they were easily readable from a distance and that was more important for my purpose .
yes it does !
yes ! it was very good !
i only know it works great with my 1760 phone . i got 2 of these and now have perfect reception on my whole property.check uniden website : http : www.uniden.com accessories range-extender-designed-for-select-dect-60-cordless-phone-models invt drx100g
you just plug it into the wall . no battery needed .
i do n't know specifically , but it 's not on the list . from the uniden website : works only with certain uniden series including the d1660 , d1680 , d1685 , d1688 , d2280 , d3280 , d3288 , dect3080 , dect3181 series phones . it 's also compatible with the dect4066 , dect4086 , dect4096 and wxi3077 phones.i actually bought the 1660 to use with it . i will say the range extender works extremely well . i use it to extend the range of my office phone with my office one floor below my home . without the range finder , it worked in only a select area in my apartment . now i can use it anywhere in the apartment .
just like any other swipe card holder . you hook it on to they key ring or to lanyard . not very comfortable so i never use it .
it holds one dod id card just fine . i doubt it can hold more .
i dont know for sure but i would think not
no it would not ! : ( it only fits up to 15.6 laptops . i love this lap desk but it looks like you will have to find a bigger lap desk !
i think it would be too big for a 7 year old ! i guess it depends on the size of the 7 year old .
this is such a matter of individual choice -- one person 's cozy is another person 's cramped -- i suggest you mark out the listed dimensions on a piece of paper , and see how the surface pro and mouse fit in the configuration you want to use them ( remember the top to bottom dimension loses usable space because of the slight cut in and the handle . ) for me , it would be cramped .
it is not totally smooth it has a fine texture..i really like mine .
the top is plastic of some type , but it is very sturdy , it does n't bend when being used . the bottom is a very soft cloth over polystrene beads , comfortable when on your lap .
i do n't think it would be too wide for a plane . it is bigger than the food tray that folds down from the seat in front of you .
yes it is ... .i love mine !
hi dennis . once you get the sheet lined up and it starts to scan , yes , the scanner will feed the paper through all the way to the end . if the paper happens to have any imperfections along the edges , there is a chance that it may get off track and mess up the scanned image . for example , if the paper has been folded , sometimes ( for whatever reason ) , it will get caught up on one of the edges where the fold was . therefore , i often have to guide the paper through to the end to ensure a successful scan . hope that helps !
i had n't tried it until i saw the question but yes it can . i used my drivers license and got a crystal clear image . i also tried my credit card because i wanted to see if it could scan a card that was n't exactly flat and got a great image from that as well .
it is not dual voltage for travel , but it could be used with an adapter . it 's the perfect size to take in a computer bag and it works great .
no i do n't think so . i believe those pages are too thick.i would def use a flatbed scanner for those ! this is mostly for the thickness of a single print or piece of paper.i think the largest page of paper was 8-1 2x 11 but it was just standard paper thickness.i hope this helps !
this scanner has no intenal battery , it comes with a external power supply ( a wall wort ) and a usb cable , the usb cable is dubble usb a ended and both a ends must be used for powering the scanner , plug mini ( micro ) b into scanner .
no . scanner is marginal and only scans single pages . scanner is in the trash .
it works off your computer program , so it depends on the program that you are using .
hi brenda , i have not tried this on a mac . i have it set up on several windows desktops and laptops with various operating systems ( xp , 7 and 8 ) but have not tried it on a mac . hope it works because i absolutely love this thing .
expresscribe is what i use .
as far as i know yes . they send you a disk and no instructions , so you have to figure it out . once i figured it out it worked great and loved using it . i bought it for a class i was taking .
you will need to go into the express scribe program . click on `` options '' . select the `` control '' tab at the top . your screen should display `` enable foot pedal controller '' with the box checked ( go ahead and check it if it is not already done ) . click on the `` controller setup wizard '' bar . this will take you through a series of pages , on about the 3rd screen you will be able to alter the command map for your foot pedal , or reset to the default commands . select `` change a command '' to change the default setup . select finish at the bottom of the screen when you are done . that should take care of your setup . : o ) you will need to go into the express scribe program . click on `` options '' . select the `` control '' tab at the top . your screen should display `` enable foot pedal controller '' with the box checked ( go ahead and check it if it is not already done ) . click on the `` controller setup wizard '' bar . this will take you through a series of pages , on about the 3rd screen you will be able to alter the command map for your foot pedal , or reset to the default commands . select `` change a command '' to change the default setup . select finish at the bottom of the screen ... » read more you will need to go into the express scribe program . click on `` options '' . select the `` control '' tab at the top . your screen should display `` enable foot pedal controller '' with the box checked ( go ahead and check it if it is not already done ) . click on the `` controller setup wizard '' bar . this will take you through a series of pages , on about the 3rd screen you will be able to alter the command map for your foot pedal , or reset to the default commands . select `` change a command '' to change the default setup . select finish at the bottom of the screen when you are done . that should take care of your setup . : o ) « show less
i use a mac , so i do n't know about that .
no it is not wireless .
works well in my office .
first , make sure your wireless network is transmitting in your home . then just follow the setup wizard on the printer . you 'll need your wireless login and passcode .
if you used the installation disk , you should see the configuration tool under all programs okidata . if you drill down into the oki `` web page '' for your printer , you will see a `` toner remain '' visual indication , together with a percentage remaining . for instance , mine is at 90 % at the moment . there is another way to get to the printer network web page , by just putting its network address into a browser . if you are usb connected , i am not sure this information would be available to you .
no . there is a fold down alternate document feeder on the front . you can see it in the photo of the printer , has the oki logo . feeds a few at a time and can adjust to different sizes . works fine .
nope
yes , it does include a drum and toner , but not the `` sample '' size like some brands give you . oki has 2 sizes of toner that both work in this printer . what comes with it initially is the smaller size .
no , 110 only .
you should be able to find and download the drivers from canon 's website but i didnt install it that way .
yes it has an ethernet port . i have never tried it with ethernet but it does have a port on the right side in the back .
yes
loads from the back , has a flip out guide for the paper in the back .
no it scans-prints-and copies photos for the money nice unit >
yes . i 'm using it with an hp laptop . sometimes , for scanning , i have to use a usb hookup , but the printer comes with a hookup cord .
it 's about 6 inches high .
1 color and 1 black
yes .
yes
yes , that is what i use . have used cardscan for many years .
we still have n't figured out how to use this ourselves ! the scanner has to be hooked up to the computer where the user is actually logged into their profile , it can not be done remotely ... so we have n't even been able to use it yet .
it will work with both xp and win7 pro . it has to be pro , because it has an emulator for xp . win7 home and other lesser versions do n't have the xp emulator . look it up .
it has a programmable phone book that i use for speed dial . it 's quick and convenient
yes . but it has to be done on each individual handset .
i think it does show the caller , but i am not sure about the beep . sorry . i only had the phone for 6 months and it died .
yes . each handset has a button for u to page and communicate via handset with the others intercom .
not sure ... i replaced them fast ... not a good brand .
about 1 '' stack off card stock . i have not cut regular paper with it
who nows this machine is a piece of crap , it dont work , is a wasted money i will suggest you returnt it if you can sorry i got one and just gave me a hurt time
i had one of these but it did n't work very well for me . yes you can punch books up to about an inch thick but the cut was n't consistent . they may have corrected the defective cutting die since but i cant be sure . i sold mine back to someone else and bought the akiles diamond model instead . it can only punch a stack of paper cardstock that 's about 1 2 in thick but it does it cleanly .
desk type only . not enough `` cradle '' to hold the receiver when in the upright position . other than that ... ... .great phone . we 've had ours ( 2 of them ) for about 2 years now and super pleased !
yes , it features a headset button to switch back and forth . i do n't use one so i ca n't tell you the next step . good luck .
yes it does .
yes , it does . it works well
my printer recognized it fine . it is still doing great .
according to the manufacturer , it 's 2600 pages , the one i received works as good as the original .
not sure but based on the initial quality of the printing , i would not risk using it for a refill if you value your printer drum and print quality .
staples and office depot will take them in and if you have their rewards card , then you get a $ 2 credit for each cartridge ( up to 10 ) . this applies to both toner and ink jet cartridges .
no
it comes in an orange , black and white box with a child on the front . he has finger paint on his hand .
hi ! , i have n't used call waiting , so i do n't sure , but the instructions says yes !
you can use two versions of this phone on the same line . one is a base unit , the outrigger is a satellite phone . does that help ?
no , it is a cordless home phone . very nice phone .
yes . use the lower volume control button on the side of the receiver .
they need a source of electricity but not a wall jack .
built-in answering machine in more expensive model .
i have 2 , no problem with battery
the one i ordered is a solid piece of metal . it does n't come apart . i would send it back and order a new one .
no it failed .
the one i received was exactly as shown in the picture .
to put on a purse it is perfect . for keys , not so much . i 've heard it 's not good to have heavy keychain though . not good for the car . but it 's not too heavy for a purse . it is super good quality !
yes its heavy for a necklace its a good keychain .
it would n't be bad for the transmission . only thing it would affect would be the key itself as its in the slot on the steering column pulling down on the key . it 's a nice size key chain but i do n't think it would affect it . but again i bought it bc my bulldogs name is thor n i have it hanging from rear view mirror
in norse mythology , mjölnir ( ˈmjɒlnɪər or ˈmjɒlnər myol-n ( ee ) r ; also mjǫlnir , mjollnir , mjölner , mjølner , mjølnir or mjølne ) is the hammer of thor , a major norse god associated with thunder . mjölnir is depicted in norse mythology as one of the most fearsome weapons , capable of leveling mountains . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] in his account of norse mythology , snorri sturluson relates how the hammer was made by the dwarven brothers sindri and brokkr , and how its characteristically short handle was due to a mishap during its manufacture .
yes the base can be mounted
i have n't found that particular option on this phone . the phone does have a voice caller id so you 'll know who is calling .
if you are in the same room you can hear it clearly .
no it does not - it beeps for each number
yes
the answer is yes - it can be turned off for individual handsets or the base or all .
i 'm sorry david i ca n't help you on the number of pages . i just got mine not that long ago and have n't used it that much so i ca n't answer your question . i hope some other customer can answer your question . good luck ! ml
i just read the box and it does have the 2540 hp deskjet listed : hope this helps
honestly , i could not tell you that , i use mine on a monthly basis .
i have this installed on a hp envy 4500
i am not familiar with your printer . mine is a hp deskjet 3052a . on the side of the ink box it says the cartridges are compatable with the following hp printers : 1000 , 1050 , 1051 , 1055 , 1056 , 2050 , 2510 , 2512 , 2514 , 3000 , 3050 , 3050a , 3052a , 3054 , 3054a , 3056a , 3510 , 3511 , and 3512 .
yes . hp60 & hp60xl will work for your model .
it advertise to work with my hp photosmart c4780 printer however when installed it read that it could not identify the cartridge and thus did not work as advertised .
go to the `` itt supplies '' website and enter your computer info and they will identify the inks you can use .
i think the average rating is somewhere between 170 - 200 depending on coverage .
yes
dear ian , i wish that i could help you but i have no way of knowing whether hp 60 would work on your printer . maybe you could ask about it in a store like staples or office depot and then decide . sorry . margaret
the back is not adjustable . the seat is about 20 '' and down . however , the back is very comfortable . i have sciatica , and 2 deteriorating vertibrae . it works well for me . for the other man that ca n't get his arms or back on , you have to squeeze it real tight and stick the screws in first one then the other . do not tighten all the way down till both are in .
it does n't tilt at all 'not happy about getting buying this chair & it 's not comfy .
i would say a anywhere from 3-4 hours at a time . a very comfortable chair , but not great for overly long periods of time .
250 lb
chair is 22 inches wide . this width includes the arms . the wheel base is the same width . i also have a small desk . the chair is very comfortable . hope this helps you with your purchase .
i am not sure how to answer this . this is an adult chair . at the lowest point the seat is 17 '' above the floor at its highest point the chairs is 21 '' above the fllor . i use them all over my office and feel they are a great chair at a great price . i hope this helps .
a strip along the top of the arm rest is covered in the mesh cloth material . it is n't really padded .
yes , i comes in a box ! its super simple to assemble it .
yes it does
this comes new in the box -- so i would assume that whatever company warranty they offer comes with the product . the power supply adapter is for the scale that it comes with . my experience so far is that this is a really nice scale for the money .
no . 60lb max .
i think the two items that predicate the quality and longevity of a print are the paper and the ink . i can tell you that on the ink cartridge package for this printer it says `` fade resistant '' `` and vivid color '' . i have no idea what a museum would want . the ink cartridge item # is t1598 for black . all colors are in the `` 159 '' series . you can now look it up on the epson website , or call their customer service.i hope that helps .
i use this printer for very colorful digital art on 50lb art paper , i have done about 60 11x14 prints and emptied most of the cartridges , if you stock up on the low cost official cartridges the price is ok if not it would be unaffordable . i think i mentioned my work is 11x14 , still more reasonable then sending out , the printer itself has has some issues with the rear feed system and i never know if its the software ore the printer . for the price to be able to print wide format it 's worth it to me , it uses ink though ! i already have bought 2 sets of the lower cost epson ink , so no worries , just to be clear i have not used all the ink purchased , just nice to have it on hand as it was fairly inexpensive i use this printer for very colorful digital art on 50lb art paper , i have done about 60 11x14 prints and emptied most of the cartridges , if you stock up on the low cost official cartridges the price is ok if not it would be unaffordable . i think i mentioned my work is 11x14 , still more reasonable then sending out , the printer itself has has some issues with the rear feed system and i never know if its the software ore the printer . for the price to be able to print wide format it 's worth it to me , it uses ink though ! i already have bought 2 sets of the lower cost epson ink , so no ... » read more i use this printer for very colorful digital art on 50lb art paper , i have done about 60 11x14 prints and emptied most of the cartridges , if you stock up on the low cost official cartridges the price is ok if not it would be unaffordable . i think i mentioned my work is 11x14 , still more reasonable then sending out , the printer itself has has some issues with the rear feed system and i never know if its the software ore the printer . for the price to be able to print wide format it 's worth it to me , it uses ink though ! i already have bought 2 sets of the lower cost epson ink , so no worries , just to be clear i have not used all the ink purchased , just nice to have it on hand as it was fairly inexpensive « show less
i use photoshop cc and it works very well . just remember to turn of the printer color management and let `` photoshop determines color '' control the color . i do not use photoshop elements .
it 's not a fast printer , maybe 10 seconds ? i do n't use it for ordinary letters or pages , as that is a waste of archival quality ink . the ink does n't seem to go dry and it is months between my uses . i usually let it do a cleaning or something like that after a long dry spell , and all is good . the trick to having this printer print on heavy card stock or art paper , which the feed often refuses to load , is to use a bit of scotch tape to clean the lint paper fuzz off the grey rubber roller that picks up the paper .
a sheet 13x19 inches , roll to 13 '' wide and my computer will print 104 '' long . i have printed all sizes in sheet up to 13 x 19. i also like the presentation matt paper along with glossy .
i do not know because neither the cartridge nor the pcking box is marked with the capacity of the individual cartridge . sorry .
yes , and it 's super easy to set up .
depends on how much you love the printer you have . i have the epson r2000 and love it ! it is the best printer i have ever had .
you have to press the talk send button first .
it takes a few seconds .
i 've never added oil to mine and it works fine ( i 've had of for a few months ) . but since it has mechanical moving parts , i 'm assuming that it must need some type of librication . my advice to you is , it 's really not necessary but if you chose to do it any way ... then why not .
i believe so since the shredded pieces are so compact together but i can measure it for you and let you know asap to be more precise . but just by looking at them i can say they are pretty slim and as thick as the paper you shred .
it is small enough to fit on a table but i use it on the floor right next to my desk . it is about 14 inches high including the basket .
there is an opening at the top right ( visible in this photo ) that let 's you see what is going on .
i have not tested that . the longest i have used it for is maybe 15-20 minutes . but that 's not 100 % shredding the whole time .
i dont see why not ; havent tried but its solid with regular paper sheets so as long as not too many at once dont see a problem
there is an extension on the right-hand side that expands the support by 5 '' to 8 '' .
it 's 6 inches tall including the handle and the cups are 3 inches in diameter .
the cups are not quite 3 inches tall . they do fine with my sons markers which are about 5 1 4 inches tall .
the cups are thick plastic . the plastic is not thin like a play-doh container . they would definitely hold water , but i do n't know about being water safe . sorry . there are no numbers on the bottom of the cups to help determine the type of plastic and i threw the packaging out long ago . hope this helps .
it should work if your using a traditional projector but wo n't work on any tv monitor .
yes , sometimes i have this kind of problem , once that i use this presenter almost everyday . i just disconnect both parts of it , turn them off , and reconnect . most of the times it gets ok after that . i also recommend you to check the battery level . and if it 's not solved , try to resynchronize both parts of the presenter , pressing simultaneously the button in both parts of it ( after being connected to the computer and also after switched to the `` on '' position ) . i hope the information is useful ( i 'm from brazil ) .
you can use the mouse and button function to control the software like snagit or jing from techsmith to accomplish what you want . the pointer itself does not have the software capability .
description says 100 cards & 100 pockets . that looks about right although i did n't count them . really decent quality too .
yup .
i believe so . the measurements for the book pockets i ordered was 4 1 2 '' h x 3 1 2w and holds 3 x 5 book cards
ours were fine .
100
yes
deco 6 will give u 2000 feet all depending on ur building materials i have a brick house and it works well out side
no mute on headset , that is my only complaint ... otherwise , they are awesome
yes , there is a mute button on the wirelesss headset . it is on the side and easy to access .
yes
yes , all you have to do is press the cid ( caller id ) on the phone and you can see who is calling . to take that call and put your current call on hold , from the handset press the talk button and it will answer you incoming call . to get back to your previous caller , press talk again . love the vtech phone system .
if you want four phones , which i have , you must buy the fourth phone.make sure the fourth phone is compatible with the other three . each handset will display missed calls .
no sorry i use this phone as far as 20 feet and it cuts out
if your printer use the hp60 , the hp60xl will fit , the xl jist means high capacity ( more ink ) , but it is the same size ,
they probably are , but i could n't get them to work the first time .
it did not work for mine .
i am a fellow consumer . you must contact the seller of the product .
it did not work for me . i have a different printer but i think these things are a gamble . good luck .
they did n't work for me . i kept receiving an error reading from the printer .
i think it 's only one cartridge size for vector fountain pen ( http : www.amazon.com parker-permanent-cartridges-fountain-3011031pp dp b0017daauo ref=pd_sim_op_3 ? ie=utf8 &refrid; =1hjz13j5x5qxf828xbry ) . medium or fine it 's the size of the nib .
no , it only uses parker 's proprietary cartridges converters
the red part is plastic .
yes , one black ink cartridge was included in the package . however since it 's not in the description you may only get the pen depending on the distributor .
hi richard ! i say use regular stick chalk . remember to treat the board first by lightly chalking over the whole board kind of like an etch-sketch ... ..using chalk lengthwise . this breaks the board surface in . wipe that off and you 're ready to go . wet your chalk by placing it in water for a short time before you use . hairspray lightly sprayed over your final demo will preserve it so it does n't smudge . hope that helps . amy k .
the frame can be easily removed , as it is only held together by a few small finishing nails and 4 staples ( one at each corner ) . depending on how you would use it without the frame would be a concern . it is probably only 1 8 '' thick , and would be very flimsy without the frame . you also lose the ability to hang the board , as the string used to hang is secured to the frame . can not provide exact measurements as we will not be removing the frame .
yes . i use chalk ink wet wipe markers . www.chalkink.com comes right off with windex and a paper towel .
yes , in fact there is a chalk ledge on each side .
i 'll have to look when i get to my store . i painted the wood and from what i recall all edges were the same . please ask me again after 4pm on 14th as i 'm not going in today .
on all four . sides
yes .
it sticks out about 1 2 inch , with a rounded grove for the chalk .
i would recommend only using preformed wrappers . they should slide right into the sorter attachment .
i use the royal sovereign wrappers ( tubes ) . you may want to consider buying the coin tube crimper also .
i have no idea . i used the factory supplied power cord and it worked fine . use an extension cord that is big enough for the amps the machine uses if you use one .
no , the ends are left open for you to turn down after they are filled .
i 'm sorry at this time we do not have a canadian version of the cassida coin sorter in stock nor do we expect one in.david
we have used it for a lot of coins with no problems . you need to use good coin wrappers , ca n't buy the cheap ones from the dollar store , they do n't work on this machine from our experience . fyi .
this sorter does not handle .50 cent coins only .1 .5 .10 .25 1.00
order from universal sewing supply . they have just about all of the dennison barbs at the best price i 've found .
yes , 2 '' .
the gun broke very fast . do not recommend it . i used on needles meant for this gun .
it 's 5 x 7 inches .
no , it 's at an angle though .
no it does not . the screen portion is angled already
6 3 4 long and 4 7 8 wide
solar and battery -
it does not come with a manual . but canon has instructions for most of its products online . thank you for your interest . rich .
comfortably , i can put 3 cc 's , driver 's license and double-folded $ 20 dollar bills ( 2 or more ) in this and it will close . i can `` stuff '' it with a 4th cc and it will close and stay closed but i do n't recommend doing this regularly . or i can remove the cash and it will hold 4 ccs and my license . with the 4th card , you will need to put turn it in the opposite direction and it will close fine .
the outside finish is dark brown , the inside black .
it can hold up to 5 credit cards .
actually this will serve as a rfid blocking case ... i actually brought what i thought was a solely a `` rfid blocking '' case to replace this one for my son ... upon receiving it i noticed it was the same exact case with the exception of the black cover being glued to it ... when i contacted the rfid blocking company to find out what makes their product qualify as rfid blocking , i was told that basically any metal case that surrounds your chipped equipped cards serves as a barrier ... upon further research , they were right ... you can even use aluminum foil ... so since this case is all metal , i sent the other one back since it was more expensive ... do your research on rfid blocking and you will see ... any metal case will do ... i 've read that old card tins and even altoids tins do the same exact thing . actually this will serve as a rfid blocking case ... i actually brought what i thought was a solely a `` rfid blocking '' case to replace this one for my son ... upon receiving it i noticed it was the same exact case with the exception of the black cover being glued to it ... when i contacted the rfid blocking company to find out what makes their product qualify as rfid blocking , i was told that basically any metal case that surrounds your chipped equipped cards serves as a barrier ... upon further research , they were right ... you can even use aluminum foil ... so since this case is all metal , ... » read more actually this will serve as a rfid blocking case ... i actually brought what i thought was a solely a `` rfid blocking '' case to replace this one for my son ... upon receiving it i noticed it was the same exact case with the exception of the black cover being glued to it ... when i contacted the rfid blocking company to find out what makes their product qualify as rfid blocking , i was told that basically any metal case that surrounds your chipped equipped cards serves as a barrier ... upon further research , they were right ... you can even use aluminum foil ... so since this case is all metal , i sent the other one back since it was more expensive ... do your research on rfid blocking and you will see ... any metal case will do ... i 've read that old card tins and even altoids tins do the same exact thing . « show less
just the drum unit
i have had my printer for a couple years and changed the drum once . i print out duplex about 300-500 pages a month .
no , the package i received was only the plastic casing ( the drum ) . no toner !
we have only ever used them on the 2270dw , so i am not sure about other models .
this drum is not compatible with any toner , had a bad experience , it is just worthless buyer remorse .
yes , you can use this ink for it .
this pen includes a refillable ink cartridge . all you have to do turn the plunger till it 's all the way to the bottom . then dip the open end into your ink a turn the plunger the opposite direction till the cartridge is full . then place the cartridge in the pen and turn the plunger till you begin to feed ink into the pen . turn a little at a time until the ink flows freely as you write , enjoy .
push converter allows you to use bottled ink . yes it can use an ink cartridge . the converter saves money and adds more color choices of ink .
it should . there 's a bit of a difference at the tip where it connects compared to the one it comes with , but it 's not that big a difference .
i think it can be filled both ways . when i look at the tip of the converter , it looks exactly like the tip of an ink cartridge . since the converter is the push-in type , like the cartridges are , i am almost certain you can use the jinhao ink cartridges . my other jinhao fountain pen came with a converter like this pen has , but i 'm just using the black ink cartridges that come in that 25-pack ( 5 boxes @ 5 per box ) . also , by the way , if you look at `` people who bought this also bought ... '' , you 'll see that they bought that 25-pack of black ink cartridges made by jinhao . they are , in fact , shipped from china , so it will take between 1 and 2 weeks before you receive them . i think it can be filled both ways . when i look at the tip of the converter , it looks exactly like the tip of an ink cartridge . since the converter is the push-in type , like the cartridges are , i am almost certain you can use the jinhao ink cartridges . my other jinhao fountain pen came with a converter like this pen has , but i 'm just using the black ink cartridges that come in that 25-pack ( 5 boxes @ 5 per box ) . also , by the way , if you look at `` people who bought this also bought ... '' , you 'll see that they bought that 25-pack of black ink cartridges made by jinhao . they are , in ... » read more i think it can be filled both ways . when i look at the tip of the converter , it looks exactly like the tip of an ink cartridge . since the converter is the push-in type , like the cartridges are , i am almost certain you can use the jinhao ink cartridges . my other jinhao fountain pen came with a converter like this pen has , but i 'm just using the black ink cartridges that come in that 25-pack ( 5 boxes @ 5 per box ) . also , by the way , if you look at `` people who bought this also bought ... '' , you 'll see that they bought that 25-pack of black ink cartridges made by jinhao . they are , in fact , shipped from china , so it will take between 1 and 2 weeks before you receive them . « show less
the pen comes with a nib and converter installed . however , you will have to buy ink and fill the converter before you can write . i have sheaffer skrip and private reserve ink and love both .
yes , it sure can . matter of fact i purchased the exact same bottle for my use . works good !
no ink ... .. it t requires cartridges ... ..or the pen comes with an adapter ..to fill ... .it is a great pen ... ..i still use mine now 2 years old
roughly 3 1 2 x 5 1 2 and it takes two aaa batteries
yes
4 1 2 '' diagonal
i think she will love it . it 's pretty easy to use for me and i 'm 75 ; so it should be snap for young people .
5-3 8 x 3-5 8 x 3 4 very good bible kjv . the dictionary is lacking in word definitions very , very badly . text can be made very large . i like this item very much !
no
yes . there 's about an inch or so worth of space not covered which is negligible .
black - crushed velvet fabric
it 's real wood , probably stained . the cushions are sort of like bean bags ; very comfortable . i find it 's just the right size , with room to use your mouse and a hard drive . i really like it .
it is 22 inches lengthwise and 15 inches for the width ( top to bottom ) .
it 's black fabric .
it 's 22 inches by 15 inches and 1 4 inch thick . it 's made of real wood , no laminate . it also does n't flex as some other lapdesks do , pretty solid .
yes
roughly ( in no way exact measurements ) 15 '' x23 ''
no
i did n't need to calibrate . i did test it on 3 items that i knew the exact weight of and it was right on each time .
this model m5 scale , 5lb digital postal scale used 3xaaa battery ( 3 aaa battery ) only .
yes
no , but i was making a quilt for christmas and half way through the printing process the system stopped working . i had to pay almost $ 80 for cartridges to get it working to finish ! i do not know enough about this system of printing to figure out how to correct the issue . if you have used this kind of ink system before you may understand it better than i !
yes
yep
i use 8 1 2 x 11 - there is only one paper tray . i just bought small sheets for printing coffee mugs - not sure if they will fit yet or not .
it 's the regular printer no modifications . the ciss ink system is specifically made for this printer . only issues i have with one i purchased is if you do n't keep the head clean , the ink dries up other head nozzles
not print on cd , only on special paper for sublimation , which is then transferred to cups , glasses all special sublimation ink .
the seller provides detailed instructions and there are also youtube instructional videos available .
the protector sleeve will fit all credit card sized cards in it . it 's very heavy duty and may not fit in a wallet or purse slot . the actual outside dimensions are 2.5 '' x 4 '' long and thick . i hope that helps you . r.t .
no
like plastic poly vinyl . fix in wallet and good for credit cards .
it is clear , thick and fairly rigid . you would have to make a real effort to bend it with a credit card inside . it has no holes in it if you want to attach to a lanyard or keychain . works well to keep credit cards or pictures clean and viewable .
they are to big for the credit card slots in most wallets . i have to put them where the dollar bills are stored .
emergency lights must have a battery source for when the prime power ( hardwire ) is off . this unit has a small rechargeable battery pack included .
no they are not moveable
box is 7 5 8 x 7 1 8 x 1 3 4
yes
yes , its in the manual in the box ...
i imagine you could mount to a dropped ceiling tile if you distribute the weight . i would use a 1x1 piece of wood the same length of the tile distribute the weight . no problems so far with the backup battery .
no
yep . they should fit in there nicely . i 'm using it as a platform for my guitar amp but it looks like they would . if you send me the exact dimensions i can check for you , just to be sure . unfortunately my vinyl collection was stolen during my last move off my porch .
it seems sturdy enough . we attached it to a kayak and is holding firmly .
no . i used them for books in a preschool library .
not sure of the actual weight but they are very light and could be used as a bicycle carrier . i would estimate they weight something like 1 lb .
lxwxh
hi - i 'm sorry but this was a gift for my grandmother and it 's at her house . i will try to measure next time i 'm over there .
i gave this as a gift so will have to check and get back to you !
yes , 1 bottle per cartridge . gives industry standard 90 grams of toner . ( which is about 90 % of oem )
come on guys , it 's toner powder . it 's not like you 're matching blood types .
you can refill the toner with this and it will work . you need to reset the cartridge and refill it when it is low not when it 's empty . it wo n't work if you wait till its empty .
i have a 7360n and the toner works perfectly . if the dw-2280 uses the tn420 or 450 cartridge then it should work .
no it does n't but , if you are careful on pulling the caps you can reuse them .
keep it dry end less shelf life
do n't know but i would n't take a chance . buy a refill for a canon , ca n't be too expensive .
i do n't know . the web site has a complete list of the printers it will work with . you just need to dig it out .
the first ones i got did great the 2nd ones did not i went back to canon or just buy new printer just as cheap
they are perforated ( both the tickets themselves , and the stubs )
yes . i can print the 4 lines i need on the stub ; name , address , city , and phone # . i use my printmaster program so i type all of it in a text box and turn it sideways . i have used tickets with stubs from outfitters in all different sizes for raffles and dinner tickets and i have never had any problems .
yes !
yes , we have 2010 version of ms publisher and used it to print numbered tickets .
the paper can bleed quite a bit if you 're not careful . it 's really akin to a hardened type of toilet paper ... very absorbent . it will bleed through if you do n't move with the pen fast enough . it is very thick , though . you 'll love it !
it did n't appear to be . i find it to be a more permanent type of book it 's high quality i wish i could take some pics of the inside . i 'm going to try to add pics of the binding on my review .
no it 's not
this is a bound book and has more like hand-made paper in it . it 's very antique looking and has no way to take pages out or put more in . it 's a beautiful book and a definite keepsake piece .
i 've had no problems with it , the paper is thick and the ink does n't bleed through .
i think a caligraphy pen would be beautiful
yes
no
yes they are..
can really tell the difference but regardless this pen is amazing writes great and lots of great feed back from others
sure does . comes as you see it .
100 grams per bottle .
i used this on canon mf4350d . it 's perfect and ca n't be happier . sorry do n't know if it will work for mf4270 .
i have a 4350 and 4370. it works well in both . be careful not to spill it all over , put a towel down first . it is very fine and pours like flour .
i can send you one to try , but how can i send to u ? the software is about 30m , it seems there ca n't say mail address here my mail is goledgo @ hotmail.com thanks leo
it does n't come with a car adapter but you can plug it into a power inverter or if you 're handy electrically i 'm sure you could make or get one pretty easily which would be cheaper than a power inverter if you do n't already have one .
i have good news about that question . it does retain the messages for a few days in my experience and i have never lost the programming on my sign . the bad news is the time does not hold and the selections are scheduled and executed by the time stamps . if you only have 1 programmed message then its no worries because it is automatically marked as the default msg.hope this helped and i am compelled to advise that a computer novice could have trouble getting the results they want . the computer software uses dos scripting and a virtual modem or another way to say it , my mother would never get it working ... if that does n't scare you then it can do many things ! ( i plan to use it in my car when if i do not need it in my store ! ) enjoy , greg i have good news about that question . it does retain the messages for a few days in my experience and i have never lost the programming on my sign . the bad news is the time does not hold and the selections are scheduled and executed by the time stamps . if you only have 1 programmed message then its no worries because it is automatically marked as the default msg.hope this helped and i am compelled to advise that a computer novice could have trouble getting the results they want . the computer software uses dos scripting and a virtual modem or another way to say it , my mother would ... » read more i have good news about that question . it does retain the messages for a few days in my experience and i have never lost the programming on my sign . the bad news is the time does not hold and the selections are scheduled and executed by the time stamps . if you only have 1 programmed message then its no worries because it is automatically marked as the default msg.hope this helped and i am compelled to advise that a computer novice could have trouble getting the results they want . the computer software uses dos scripting and a virtual modem or another way to say it , my mother would never get it working ... if that does n't scare you then it can do many things ! ( i plan to use it in my car when if i do not need it in my store ! ) enjoy , greg « show less
yes it has programmable scrolling . works great !
i have them in my daughters room and they are about a half inch thick . a short push pin would work .
just attach a picture hook to it . or even a pop top
yes , fabric should work on it .
raw cork . not tiff at all
i mounted my board using those velcro stickers instead of screws so i would n't put holes in my wall and you can mount it either way then . they 're very sturdy and that way i could take it off the wall when i need to .
thick enough to hold stuff . not overly thick though . yes things stick easy and stay in place .
no , frame is one piece ... glued and nailed together ...
i used the small key holder command damage-free hooks and they work great . i did n't use a string . i just put them on the wall like i would of put the screws . but i 'm pretty sure the string idea would work . just make sure you use picture frame wire . i used string to hold a medium size picture once and the string broke and my frame was shattered . good luck .
yes it is . officially ... it 's from dec. 30 , 2013 to january 4 , 2015 .
yes , it 's a 2014 calendar .
yes
one lined page for notes in the back , no tabs , full calendars for the next 4 years
yes .
yes
no , there is no address book -nor did i ask for one ! why do you ask ?
the 0.5 is finer than the 0.7
hi ... i don´t know exactly ... but i think is from germany
knurl on rapid pro pencil is more pronounced than on rotring pencil . have not used pens .
i did not use rotring 800. but to me it seems that both are similar . especially interms of the metal tip that goes inside of the pencil . rapid pro is very nice pencil .
www.ipenstore.com or www.dalyspenshop.com has the correct parts for rotrings .
yes , the tip is retractable . hold the button down and push it in . the tip also moves inward as the lead is used which better supports the lead and minimizes breaking . it 's a nice pencil and i rarely ever break the lead with this one .
i 've definitely had them over three months ( in the packaging ) , and have had no trouble when i 've popped a new cartridge in the printer . quality is good , longevity is good ... so far , no problems ! when leaving cartridges in the printer for a long period of time , i find that the heads need cleaning because they dry out . even though this uses up ink , the quality afterward is good . i just do a test print when the quality is funky , to identify the trouble cartridge , and then i clean the heads .
yes , mine has been there for about the same amount of time . just used yesterday good as new .
i 've never touched the rubber stopper ; i just peel off the tape and it works fine . i 've never had my stopper come off with the tape ... hmm ...
when you decide to print , use the < control key > , hold it down and press p at the same time . this opens the printer dialog box . open the printer properties or preferences , click the advanced tab . then place the dot into the greyscale . this allows only `` black printing '' .
they ae remanufactured but work great in the brother printer .
we are have the same problem , thats how they make their money
while i have only used white labels , i believe you can buy many types . i believe they are size tz . bang around amazon or the brothet web site to confirm .
not that i know of . but you should check on brother website to be sure . i do n't use it everyday . i have had labelers before , and never added anything but the tape .
yes , i believe it will the caps are where you show the bolds
very weird . never have seen that . does it vary ( defect ) ? are the batteries ok ? i will have to see if it is a function or setting . i have had mine for years ... .
3 inch diameter .
i had no problem at 40 inches , but have not tried 48. i would think it depends on the plane . transatlantic fight bins are wide enough .
yes .
theoretically yes . you 'll have to roll it along its length of course
the strap is pretty strong . it should work out fine with constant movement .
the strap would have to be secured . i would probably buy a cardboard tube if i was going to be mailing it
i have no idea . they are small about 5 8 in dia . and seems to take 1 2 lb to pull it apart . as with all velcro it is easier to start at an edge and pull slowly . it could be just an oz to start it this way . i would image if you had a whole bunch of these . it could take as much as 100lbs to pull apart a sq ft of contact area . this is sheer guesswork . i used them to keep objects from sliding around when i accidentally push against the objects .
only if you pull it off .
yes and no . the sticky back will stick to wood , i use it to hold cables on my desk . however , i wouldnt assume it can hold a lot of weight , especially over time . if your just tying up cables , or something relatively light , these will work fine .
have absolutely no idea . never tried these on any fabric either sticky side or velcro side . just used it to keep equipment from sliding on desktops , which it did a really good job . the sticky part was removed with some difficulty so does not appear to be permanent . it could set in after many months .
i do n't think that would be a good use for this product . this product is too lightweight to hold a carpet . you need a carpet-specific product for that . i use these strips for crafts in general - paper and so on - and they are effective for that . they are not heavy duty at all . i hope that 's helpful .
you could always try . the backs are made of tough-seeming plastic , which i believe could probably hold a stitch . if it does n't hold for forever , it should hold for a long time i 'm guessing . and there are a lot in this package , so you could always sew new ones on . i 'd say to go for it if you ca n't find what you 're actually looking for .
this product certainly will adhere to at least some cloth products . if applied properly , especially to a denser-weaved cloth , it will hold under light use . maybe well enough to work on the haversack .
i 'm on my second pair , and have n't had any trouble . when i first put them in , i get a message that says something like `` these cartridges have been used before '' -- but i just click ok and never see the error again .
i looked up your model and it does take 61 ... so yes it will however , i do n't recommend this product because it was very bad quality and did not last very long .
no
yes it work ...
both color and black .
i do not know but it is the ink cartridge that is for my 1056 but it did not work . it came up that cartrige was defective . no more remanufactured cartridges for me .
i 'm not sure about the brand that you mentioned , but it has worked on my non-oem cartridges .
no batteries , uses a usb cable and connects to your computer . the one i bought never reset a single cartridge . worthless .
i have had no problems with it resetting , no matter what the condition of the cartridges . the re-setter only knows that it has a cartridge in it not whether it is even got ink in it . i believe you can fill them at any point .
sorry . i do n't use that cart so i could n't say . works great of the 226 cart though .
all you need is a standard usb cable . but let me warn you the resetter does n't work . i have tried it 9 times and not once has it worked . the ink cartreges have all leaked also i do n't know what caused the leak except the resetter so the printer ca n't read the right amount of ink . everything else i have bought from amazon has been great . i still think amazon should credit my account . kevin sullivan
i do n't see how that is possible as you are only resetting the chips on the cartridge . if the printer is still trying to print but no ink is coming out then you probably have a clogged head . normally all the colors do n't get get clogged at once so you can normally tell by that . good luck . any more questions please do n't hesitate to ask
sorry , i have n't tested the resetter for the ink cartridges the 5420 uses . but given my experience with canon , i doubt it will work . you might have to wait until a a new chip resetter comes out for those cartridges .
i believe it 's a misprint but why not ask the supplier `` bitech ? ''
hp deskjet f4240
i have no idea as i do n't have a kindle fire .
i imagine it can be done , but having never done it , i have no idea if it works .
if you are asking if the hp 3050a is compatible with windows 8.1 , it is compatible . but if you are buying it used , make sure it has the disk . i thought i would save some money and buy used but it did n't come with the disk .
yes
hi mary , this printer takes two cartridges - black and color .
yes . currently it is running on 10.7.5
i do n't recall , but you can download any software drivers you need from hp.com , free , just select the model and so forth .
i received four with mine .
yes it is !
the volume is excellent on the handsets . it can be adjusted to whichever suits your hearing needs . i am very pleased with the unit . i have had it for 1 1 2 years .
the bag is just 7 inches long without anything in it -- just depends how bulky the phone is . i have an iphone which fits great -- i use it to carry my phone & it works great
it fits my galaxy4 and my money , credit cards and a variety of name badges and my camera . sorry do not know the size of your phone but it has helped me a lot when i 'm working and i feel safer with it around my neck .
a 3 x 4 badge will stick out a little bit . there is a zipper pocket right behind the plastic pocket that it make fit into .
i bought two black ones last summer . they look like the color ones . however , when i bought them , the picture the site showed of the black one was just like the color ones . the black ones may be different , now , but i do n't know . do they have a phone contact number ?
yes . it fits over your head and under your are . you can also adjust the strap to make it longer or shorter . i love it . very convenient . hope you will enjoy
since i 'm not an international spy , i do n't carry more than one passport , so one is all i have to go by . but , seriously , you could fit 2 u.s. passports in there easily , probably 3 , four would be a stretch , if you were carrying additional passports for minors accompanying you .
water does shed off , but i do n't know if you could say it is water proof .
yes , it will hold a passport . it would also have room for a few other cards id 's and some cash . it does the job well .
i do n't have an iphone , but it is 4 3 8 in x 6 3 8 inches . the zipper and string attachment are in the way at the top a little , so you can fit something about 3 1 2 in wide through the opening . i do n't think anything thicker than 1 4 to 3 8 in thick and 3 1 2 in wide would fit in the top opening .
120volt these are made for united states el3ctrical grindi have one of these installed in 20 locations ovef the last 3 years andi have had no problems
sorry , i do n't know how to factory reset this unit , other than looking in the manual for that information . but ... do you have a handset that is associated with the base station ? if so you can get the current ip displayed on the handset . that might help in trouble shooting .
the way it is set up out of the box is that each handset is put on a different extension . conferencing is something that is handled by your pbx server , so before you buy this you 'll want to make sure that the service you 're connecting to supports multiple users , and that there is a simple way to conference them together .
no . this feature is not supported by this phone . also : please note that this is a sip phone and will not connect to standard home phone service .
the receiver is a panasonic kx tpa50 . they 're available at amazon and other outlets .
this is a stand-alone unit . it has a connection for power and a network connection . it is configurable as a generic sip device on the phone system that i have . if you are looking for just an extra handset i think you need to look elsewhere .
the base station ( the larger black box in the photo ) must be plugged in to a switch or router using a standard ethernet cable . the charging dock ( shown with the phone ) can be placed anywhere with access to a power outlet , preferably within range of the base station so that your phone can receive a signal while charging .
this phone works on internet based phone service . it takes some getting used to but all in all it is a good phone .
yes .
yes , its build in poe
william : this phone does not support any cordless handset configuration at all . this is a voip phone with an ethernet port . it doesn`t bring any support for cordless phones as would be the grandstream gs-dp715 voip dect ip cordless phone , whose base uses an ethernet conection to the switch and supports up to 4 additional cordless phones gs-dp710 .
it ca n't be used as a regular phone , its an ip phone . this requires an account from a voip service vendor .
they connect with sip protocol so phones must work !
no , you will need an ip phone service and need to set it up by logging into the device on your network and inputting your `` account '' information . i use ring central , its expensive , but convenient and the smart phone app is great , i am sure there are cheaper services out there . this phone works great and is much cheaper than the competition .
the leather is a sleeve book cover that you slip over another blank journal . amazon has some , as does b and n. you could bring your leather cover with you to make sure it fits . here is the title if the amazon product : journal refill , lined , 256 pages , for 6x8 '' journals , measures 5 '' x 7 1 4 '' by the way , the journal is exquisitely beautiful .
all books are stiff when new , if you got it and worked with the leather for awhile and maybe put something heavy on it for awhile , the journal is absolutely gorgeous ! i ca n't say enough about how pleased i was with it . but my answer would be no , at first ...
the journal is 6 '' x 8 '' ... .. hope this works for you . it is beautiful !
i wish i could be more help , but i gave the journal away as a gift so i am not sure .
no , it will only cut up to 12 '' , excellent trimer if you can find larger one .
no , it is not self sharpening but the blade has lasted me about a year so far with no problems & that year has inucluded all the paper card stock needed for mine & my sister 's weddings ( invites , programs , favor tags , shower invites , thank you cards etc ) .
no longer have carton , but production label on bottom of trimmer says china .
it does stay up
i think you can cut 12*12s
it is not hydrologic . when you lift the handle to position the paper it does stay up so you can use both hands til you are ready to cut .
i use draw to fill . you can also use cartridges .
it was a medium nib also use a good ink
no . while very beautiful it is also very bulky .
yes , opticbook 3800 book scanner works with windows 8.1. i downloaded the updated driver from plustek support website .
plustek download page for this scanner lists a beta driver that 's compatible with mac 10.5-10.8 .
yes , it will work on a 64-bit windows 7 system . it was installed on such a system .
220 x 300mm
it is 8 3 4 by 11 3 4 in .
no , you have to flip the pages manually .
absolutely . i had mine checked with mont blanc . 100 % legitimate
no .
who are you and why would you ask me that ?
not sure about rollerball . this is a regular mb ballpoint refill , and yes , black fine is available .
unfortunately , we do not engrave currently . we apologize for the inconvenience .
yes it is , could n't be happier with mine . i got the price i wanted and received it quickly .
i brought mine to an official mont blanc store in new york . they said it was not fake .
platform is 8 inches by 6 inches .
it weighs is fraction of ounces and grams -- great scale .
no , it just gives you the weight , but the usps.com website will give you the postage .
the base is 8 '' x 8 '' and it stands 3 1 2 '' high . the weighing platform is 6 1 2 '' x 8 '' .
yes . works well with items under one pound , even fractions of an ounce .
the base is approx 8 '' x 8 '' and the unit is 3 '' tall . the scale platform is 6.5 '' x 8 '' and the main portion lifts up to balance envelopes as shown in photo . works very well .
limited 10 year warranty . 888-919-6888. accuteck precision scales , attn : warranty services , 14317 e don julian rd , city of industry , ca 91746
it is made in china .
i do n't think there is , honestly as a seller it 's pretty annoying .
i have n't had any issues with it for smaller envelopes . i send out bubble envelopes that weigh as small as 0.1 ounces and it 's always been accurate . anything smaller than that and it should n't matter to the usps .
it would appear from my testing and use of the scale that it is capable of weighing as low as .2 ounces .
950 is yet black and 951 is for the colors .
october 2015
yes , the xl just has more ink . i always get the xl .
the expiration date is 12 2015
i have no idea . it fits 8610 which i have . check with hp to see would be my suggestion .
no they are the same ones you would get from the store as far as i know , i did n't have any issues .
yes it did when i ordered . my issue was it was advertised as new hp cartridges . they are hp cartridges , but were identified as not new when i installed them . so far they have performed ok. not sure i would purchase again since i prefer `` new '' cartridges .
i have the officejet pro 8600 plus and this is the one that fits mine . hope this helps
no
yes
yes i have hp 950 black ink . when you replace the ink the printer , thanks you for using hp products .
it is original ( genuine ) hp toner , i use it on my home machine as i work from home - i dont usually buy the after market ones unless the originals are very expensive , however the original ones always last longer . i hope i was able to help you . have a great day , raluca
yes , this ink cartridge is compatible with the office jet pro 8100 .
it worked for me .
no . only black .
it depends on what you are printing . it is twice the ink as the standard cartridge , so it will last you twice as long . ; - )
hp officejet pro 8600 plus
i am not - but beware - i bought black and all the colors , and these do not work in the printer !
yes this does work with office jet pro8600 . i did buy a pack of color cartridges for my hp but they were all empty . so be careful that you are not getting used refilled cartridges .
i was ble to refilled the starter cartridge 5 times using various toner supplier on amazon ! i bought and am currently using a universal cartridge that was about $ 25 for several fills ! i bought a new drum cartridge after almost 14,000 copies ! prints great !
yes . mine came with reset gear assembly , but that was ~6 months ago .
i use the hi yield oem replacement . check and see if the hi yield refill can be used with your cartridge .
since the dcp-7065n uses the same toner cartridge as the hl-2270dw , it will work fine . just make sure it includes the `` reset gear . ''
i do n't know . i have n't refilled my starter cartridge yet . i used one of the reviewers techniques and it keeps printing . i 'm pretty sure it was a reviewer , if not just google it .
not sure entirely , but printed a lot and it 's still going .
it is dry , but you have to be careful cause it gets everywhere . suggest filling cartridge outside and wearing a good pair of gloves that can be washed off or laundried
if it takes the same toner cartridge , i do n't see why not .
you can program 3 numbers for quick dial ... ...
very clear , easy to understand
i never tried it but would expect it to peel up before long . the product is like a bumper sticker .
i think it will . the sheet , after you peel off the backing paper is translucent , but nearly opaque white . it 's easily cut . if you do n't need the adhesive factor , you can leave the backing paper on and then it is pretty much 100 % opaque white .
i use this in my silhouette with no problems . this would be the equivalent of oracals 651 permanent vinyl , so yes , you can use it on cars or whatever . hope that helps !
yes , i have printed bumper stickers with this product but you may want to purchase the u.v . spray with it . it helps with fading ink over time .
only if the wood was coated with a finish-like poly . if not the removal would be difficult . i comes of metal and plastic but when i used it on wood it was not very cooperative . good product and very good color and flexible . like this product a lot .
no ! i do n't know why they show that . it 's small and fits nicely in a pen holder
yes you can have the letter opener customized , amazon.com is not platform to receive your customized order . please email steve @ uhavegifts.com and we can take it from there . thank you
functional portion is about 4 inches . a little short but functional .
you do not have to sharpen to a point if you do not want to . you have total control over the amount you want to sharpen the pencil .
no , this sharpener does not have double blades - which makes it all the more impressive ( in my opinion ) because it sharpens so evenly .
i have no idea as this is my first but all i have to say is it 's the best sharpener i 've ever used . it gets just about any pencil to a need sharp point . and i mean my conte pencils , prismacolor etc . even pastel pencils . if it only lasted 6 months i 'd happily buy another as the drawings i 'm getting from this thing are amazing .
i do n't have any secret but i was mindful about how the round steel clamp lined up inside the base of the sharpener . also had to re-adjust the alignment of the bottom clamp where it makes contact with my desk . it seems like a weaker design element but works fine for us so far . still love the whole package ; sharpening pencils has never been so rewarding !
the silver part extends and holds the pencil in place . when you are done sharpening it , you press the black buttons on top together and it releases the pencil . it comes with a bracket on the bottom to hold it to the table or counter .
pull out the opening where you put the pencil , turn the black ring on the handle and remove the sharpener arm to take out the sharpening unit . ( just like you put it together ) then i used a large paper clip to push on the lead . it is easy to see when it is apart . push on the lead until it pops out . sometimes just shaking it into a trash can can also make it let go . put the sharpener together and your off again to perfect sharpened pencils . : )
it is not designed to be mounted to a wall , etc . the one that i purchased for the grandkids ( 13-7 ) has been used with no mounting , only being held to the table with one hand while cranking with the other . there is a bar that goes throught the bottom for securing it to a table , however . it works great and they love it .
the pencil sharpener accepts only regular sized pencils .
i 've sharpened hundreds of colored pencils with mine , with about one in 15 getting jammed . unjamming it takes abot 10 seconds . what happens is the lead , because it is softer than graphite breaks off , preventing the next pecil from sharpening properly . removal of the tip takes about 10 secods total .
it holds the pencil in place , preventing it from turning with the blades . so pull it as far out as it goes , put the pencil in , and instead of holding the pencil in place with your hand , use your hand to stabilize the sharpener while turning the crank .
pinch the two black things together and pull them out away from the base . with the two black pinched together , insert the pencil and then let go of the black things . start turning the the handle and the black things move back to the base . you will then have a perfectly sharpened pencil .
you have to turn the handle where it attaches to the sharpener . it is quite easy to get to and clean when necessary .
push the end of the clamp in that little hole and attach it to a table . but i have never used it that way . there are rubber pads underneath it so you can just hold it on a counter , or table , and use it that way . just put your hand on the top as you 're sharpening and it wo n't move .
i had very similar one and used like 20 years . i assume something stuck in round blade which happens sometimes . i assume center core of pencil remains inside the blade . i recommend to clean . as long as your students use appropriately , it should last years .
china .
there is no screw to mount into a wall . there is an adjustable clamp so you can attach it to a bookshelf or table . hope this works for you . it is an excellent sharpener .
it is only for standard sized pencils .
the handle was attached when i received mine , but maybe the packaging differs for each shipment .
the clarity does not come with a headset . but , it has a port labeled `` headset '' to accept a headset . you will need to purchase one from a radio shack store or online at amazon or other site .
im sure you have to hit a button first to activate the speed dial . if not there would be no indicator to start the speed dial process .
no the light flashes whrn it rings .
this does not have caller id or voicemail .
yes
yes
vicki , i would say you should have no problem with answering this phone . the buttons are a bit larger than `` normal '' buttons ( my mother ca n't see the buttons too well ) i do not remember if it indeed does have a speaker phone button-sorry to say..i am sure you can access the phone specifics on amazon to check . yes it does have a flash button to let you know when another person is calling-if you are referring to flash being call waiting . if you are referring to flash as in light the bottom of the phone has a red light that will flash when the phone rings . my problem with this phone is the speaker phone it does have it amplified however it distorts it making it very difficult to understand the caller . otherwise the phone is alright . you have gone from a person whom does not hear well to a visually impared . vicki , i would say you should have no problem with answering this phone . the buttons are a bit larger than `` normal '' buttons ( my mother ca n't see the buttons too well ) i do not remember if it indeed does have a speaker phone button-sorry to say..i am sure you can access the phone specifics on amazon to check . yes it does have a flash button to let you know when another person is calling-if you are referring to flash being call waiting . if you are referring to flash as in light the bottom of the phone has a red light that will flash when the phone rings . my problem with this phone ... » read more vicki , i would say you should have no problem with answering this phone . the buttons are a bit larger than `` normal '' buttons ( my mother ca n't see the buttons too well ) i do not remember if it indeed does have a speaker phone button-sorry to say..i am sure you can access the phone specifics on amazon to check . yes it does have a flash button to let you know when another person is calling-if you are referring to flash being call waiting . if you are referring to flash as in light the bottom of the phone has a red light that will flash when the phone rings . my problem with this phone is the speaker phone it does have it amplified however it distorts it making it very difficult to understand the caller . otherwise the phone is alright . you have gone from a person whom does not hear well to a visually impared . « show less
yes
i do n't know . the handset started making terrible noises when someone was speaking through it so i have discarded the phone . i bought it because an earlier version lasted for years before it died and i the sound quality was great . the ringer was sufficiently loud , so i never needed to change it .
if this is the model i got , no . only supports one line of service .
yes
yes , it 's blue led display only when phone is in use , and regular gray display when idle , shows date and time , number of calls , plus caller i.d. , , ,
the sound quality is poor , especially when using the speakerphone . also , when i am on a teleconference and have my phone on mute , i notice the 'mute ' looks like it goes off by itself . so it would appear my phone is no longer muted even though i have n't done anything to turn it off . if you are looking for a corded phone to plug into a wall jack , you might want to look at at &t; phones . the sound quality is much better . i got this cortelco phone for something different a change but am going back to at & t . ; if you do n't mind cordless sets , there are some nice ones available with lots of features - some that even allow you to program your cell phone to ring through the cordless phone handset as long as your cell is near the handset . the sound quality is poor , especially when using the speakerphone . also , when i am on a teleconference and have my phone on mute , i notice the 'mute ' looks like it goes off by itself . so it would appear my phone is no longer muted even though i have n't done anything to turn it off . if you are looking for a corded phone to plug into a wall jack , you might want to look at at &t; phones . the sound quality is much better . i got this cortelco phone for something different a change but am going back to at & t . ; if you do n't mind cordless sets , there are some nice ones available with lots of features - ... » read more the sound quality is poor , especially when using the speakerphone . also , when i am on a teleconference and have my phone on mute , i notice the 'mute ' looks like it goes off by itself . so it would appear my phone is no longer muted even though i have n't done anything to turn it off . if you are looking for a corded phone to plug into a wall jack , you might want to look at at &t; phones . the sound quality is much better . i got this cortelco phone for something different a change but am going back to at & t . ; if you do n't mind cordless sets , there are some nice ones available with lots of features - some that even allow you to program your cell phone to ring through the cordless phone handset as long as your cell is near the handset . « show less
to add to an intercom system , no ; but put calls on speaker and dial calls on speaker leaves you hands free while multi-tasking .
panasonic kx-tca60 hands-free headset with comfort fit headband for use with cordless phones . it works and is very inexpensive .
it 's light weight painted wood - no slate or metal for the writing surface . : (
no .
yes , the string is already attached to the board that way . you would have to drill new holes to hang it horizontally .
i do n't think so - i do n't think it would wash off .
we used a damp paper towel and it came right off , good as new .
lol , i think its magic , i have mine loaded with all manner of stuff , like cds , and what not , and nothing has fallen out yet , the doors are nice and solid too . i love this piece of furniture , for the price .
i use mine for canned food storage !
in the larger side , with the door that does not have any shelves , the inside shelves are : 19-1 4 '' wide x 15-1 2 '' deep there are three shelves of that size ( plus you would put things on the bottom of the pantry as well , so you 've got four levels of stuff ) .on the narrower side , which has the door that does have shelves , the inside shelves are : 13-3 4 '' wide x 9-1 2 '' deep again , three shelves , so four levels of stuff . *in the door , the shelves are : 12-1 2 '' wide x 5-1 2 '' deep there are five of these shelves.for each set of inside shelves , one is fixed , and the others can be moved . for the fixed shelf in the two inside compartments , there is 31 '' of space above the fixed shelf , and 34-1 2 '' below the fixed shelf , so you can split each of those spaces with a shelf.for the door , there are three fixed shelves . one is the bottom shelf ( since it 's a door , so there 's no floor ) . the next is 33-1 4 '' above the bottom shelf , and you would split that space with two adjustable shelves . the next fixed shelf is 20-3 4 '' above that , and that space would be split by one adjustable shelf . there is 7-3 4 '' from the top fixed shelf to the top of the door.each shelf is 1 2 '' thick . *i was able to purchase an additional of the smaller inside shelves from sauder , so i 'm actually splitting the space above the fixed shelf with two shelves . they limited me to only one additional shelf for safety reasons ( guess they do n't want me to overload the thing ) , but it cost about $ 25 and was well worth it for me to have an additional shelf . i just went to sauder 's website and there was a place there to purchase additional replacement parts.hope this helps . i love this thing . in the larger side , with the door that does not have any shelves , the inside shelves are : 19-1 4 '' wide x 15-1 2 '' deep there are three shelves of that size ( plus you would put things on the bottom of the pantry as well , so you 've got four levels of stuff ) .on the narrower side , which has the door that does have shelves , the inside shelves are : 13-3 4 '' wide x 9-1 2 '' deep again , three shelves , so four levels of stuff . *in the door , the shelves are : 12-1 2 '' wide x 5-1 2 '' deep there are five of these ... » read more in the larger side , with the door that does not have any shelves , the inside shelves are : 19-1 4 '' wide x 15-1 2 '' deep there are three shelves of that size ( plus you would put things on the bottom of the pantry as well , so you 've got four levels of stuff ) .on the narrower side , which has the door that does have shelves , the inside shelves are : 13-3 4 '' wide x 9-1 2 '' deep again , three shelves , so four levels of stuff . *in the door , the shelves are : 12-1 2 '' wide x 5-1 2 '' deep there are five of these shelves.for each set of inside shelves , one is fixed , and the others can be moved . for the fixed shelf in the two inside compartments , there is 31 '' of space above the fixed shelf , and 34-1 2 '' below the fixed shelf , so you can split each of those spaces with a shelf.for the door , there are three fixed shelves . one is the bottom shelf ( since it 's a door , so there 's no floor ) . the next is 33-1 4 '' above the bottom shelf , and you would split that space with two adjustable shelves . the next fixed shelf is 20-3 4 '' above that , and that space would be split by one adjustable shelf . there is 7-3 4 '' from the top fixed shelf to the top of the door.each shelf is 1 2 '' thick . *i was able to purchase an additional of the smaller inside shelves from sauder , so i 'm actually splitting the space above the fixed shelf with two shelves . they limited me to only one additional shelf for safety reasons ( guess they do n't want me to overload the thing ) , but it cost about $ 25 and was well worth it for me to have an additional shelf . i just went to sauder 's website and there was a place there to purchase additional replacement parts.hope this helps . i love this thing . « show less
mine is a normal tan brown color . the color of traditional caninets or maybe a tad darker , but no whete near black .
it is not solid wood , it is something else , really sturdy and strong , and i just love it , and yes i see no reason why it can not be used as a book case . if it were solid wood it would cost a fortune..lol..
yes it can ! i have mine constructed with the doors reversed from the picture . ( shelf door on the right side )
external dimensions are 35.375 '' wide , 71.5 '' high , and 16.25 inches deep . their is a `` crown '' piece on the front at the top that increases depth at the top to 17 . '' there is also a piece above the base of the unit that forms the bottom shelf that extends to 16.75 '' from the back ; but , it also only sticks out on the front . internal dimension for height is reduced by the base and top and bottom shelf thicknesses to 66.375 . '' the narrow ( storage ) door side is 13.75 '' wide , internally , from the inner side to the vertical divider . the wide side is 19.375 '' from the other inner side to the vertical divider . internal depth is 15.5 '' for the wider side and 9.5 '' on the narrow ( storage ) side with the remaining 6 '' of depth being in the door storage area . external dimensions are 35.375 '' wide , 71.5 '' high , and 16.25 inches deep . their is a `` crown '' piece on the front at the top that increases depth at the top to 17 . '' there is also a piece above the base of the unit that forms the bottom shelf that extends to 16.75 '' from the back ; but , it also only sticks out on the front . internal dimension for height is reduced by the base and top and bottom shelf thicknesses to 66.375 . '' the narrow ( storage ) door side is 13.75 '' wide , internally , from the inner side to the vertical divider . the wide side is 19.375 '' ... » read more external dimensions are 35.375 '' wide , 71.5 '' high , and 16.25 inches deep . their is a `` crown '' piece on the front at the top that increases depth at the top to 17 . '' there is also a piece above the base of the unit that forms the bottom shelf that extends to 16.75 '' from the back ; but , it also only sticks out on the front . internal dimension for height is reduced by the base and top and bottom shelf thicknesses to 66.375 . '' the narrow ( storage ) door side is 13.75 '' wide , internally , from the inner side to the vertical divider . the wide side is 19.375 '' from the other inner side to the vertical divider . internal depth is 15.5 '' for the wider side and 9.5 '' on the narrow ( storage ) side with the remaining 6 '' of depth being in the door storage area . « show less
you can chooses not to put the shelved in on either side , just not on the doors .
assembled it is 6ft tall and approximately 3 ft wide and 20inches deep ... it is extremely sturdy . we use ours as a pantry and it holds all the snacks , spices , pasta , and tupperware storage containers ! we love it !
it appears to be a veneer , so.i would n't think so .
you have to charge it before using . it comes with a charger . i supplied my own memory card . it may have come with one , but i think i remember it had a small capacity .
i found the device to be cumbersome and the quality or the scan to be unusable for my purposes .
the 'scanning sleeve ' is a pouch to keep the scanner in so it does n't get scratched or damaged as you take it place to place .
insert card in your pc , click on my computer , click on device , right click on f ( most likely ) , click on format , it will warn you that all will be erased lost . enter .
did you not get a charger with yours'if not you need to contact the seller and get one .
earlier this year when i had a problem i called them ( pandigital ) and sent them my unit for a replacement - no problem at all . if they have gone out of business since then i do not know but they were very easy to work with and i was very satisfied with their level of customer care .
yes it does , just follow the instructions and no problem
i use a chrome book so i do n't know . but it 's easy enough to grab the pics and pdfs from the sd card . sorry i ca n't be more helpful .
mine is attached with about the same amount of desk space and is very stable even though part ( maybe 1 4 ) of the clamp flange is beyond the edge of the desk . since the center of the clamp is under the desk , it works quite well .
yes , that 's what i did !
yes.was the best buy i have ever made , in my case .
yes . the forearm rest height may be adjusted to be higher than the mouse pad . the mouse pad rests roughly one inch above the surface of the table . pushing the two rotating ratchets to extremes , i am able to get the forearm rest roughly 4 inches above the mouse pad while keeping the forearm rest level . if you allow the forearm rest to tilt , you could get more height ( though , i have no idea why anyone would need more than that ) .
hi there ! i am 5 ' 4 '' and i found the mouse pad to be entirely too high and so removed it . the arm rest part itself is fine , although now i have to compensate for the little metal post that sticks up where the mouse pad is supposed to go . i recommend getting the one without the mouse pad . after that , it 's just a matter of attaching the device to your desk .
i think so . but ... after use long time , it will worn down and chip off .
it is about 4.5 inches long . they do have a longer one but i think that it was nearly double the price .
i do n't see why not . it 's shaped to nestle your wrist forearm , so it should work on both sides .
it 's just one .
you just put the pouches through . basically you turn it on , give a min to heat up , then slip the pouch in . done !
3-5 minutes
it 's 110-120v only .
no cutter , i use an xacto with a straight edge or a paper cutter .
i have n't used it recently but i think it comes with 8.5 '' x 11 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 3.5 '' x 5 '' , and 3 '' x 5 '' id tag laminates with snap clips . i think there was another size i just ca n't remember .
yes it does
the printer that i received was brand new and has worked beyond my expectations . i am not sure if there was a warranty from dell . i would highly recommend this printer .
no additional cables are required ; unless your trying to place the printer more than 3 or 4 ft from your computer , then you would need a longer printer cable . it is also very easy to set up , instructions are simple .
can only be 15 ' depth
you have approximately 37 inches space above the trash can area consisting of three shelves for storage .
dimensions w:18 7 8 '' ( 47.8cm ) d:17 '' ( 43.2cm ) h:71 1 8 '' ( 180.8cm )
this is a very dark brown like an espresso color .
it is part of the desk .
for ours the long section is in the front and the short section lines up on the right hand side .
these comparable cartridges ruined my printer and had to trash it .
they leaked and i had problems . i had to order new cartridges from dell a few weeks later .
these are compatible with any printer that uses dell series 21 cartridges . which specific model of dell printer do you have ? -- ianlaser tek services
is n't
no
2 black 2 color . i was n't impressed with the product . ended up ordering dell .
yes and no -- had never noticed it til you asked . it does have a small rubber cover boot that can be removed to do a battery replacement . it has a smaller version of the battery you see in many cordless phones . two pin plug , very short wire and battery . seems easy enough to replace . the reason i mention no , is i do n't know if the the rubber cover is designed for constant swaps . nor do i believe it is hot-swappable , meaning the conversation in process is not dropped .
i think there are a couple of ways you could do this if i 'm understanding your question as `` can i capture on my computer an audio file of me giving a presentation ? `` 1 : wear the headset , connect via bluetooth to your iphone or similar , start to record a voice memo ( iphone ) and start talking . email the voice memo file to yourself and store it on your computer.2 : wear the headset , connect the headset base station to your computer via the provided usb cord , start an audio recording application on your computer ( there are many of these , some come with the os , some are freeware , some have modest cost such as piezo ) , hit the record button on the application and start talking . this will give you an audio file on your computer . i think there are a couple of ways you could do this if i 'm understanding your question as `` can i capture on my computer an audio file of me giving a presentation ? `` 1 : wear the headset , connect via bluetooth to your iphone or similar , start to record a voice memo ( iphone ) and start talking . email the voice memo file to yourself and store it on your computer.2 : wear the headset , connect the headset base station to your computer via the provided usb cord , start an audio recording application on your computer ( there are many of these , some come with the os , ... » read more i think there are a couple of ways you could do this if i 'm understanding your question as `` can i capture on my computer an audio file of me giving a presentation ? `` 1 : wear the headset , connect via bluetooth to your iphone or similar , start to record a voice memo ( iphone ) and start talking . email the voice memo file to yourself and store it on your computer.2 : wear the headset , connect the headset base station to your computer via the provided usb cord , start an audio recording application on your computer ( there are many of these , some come with the os , some are freeware , some have modest cost such as piezo ) , hit the record button on the application and start talking . this will give you an audio file on your computer . « show less
this will work with virtually any standard desktop phone . caution : you can not gravitate too far away , from the base ; however , without getting a lot of static . if when you are close to the base , it 's fantastic .
yes , it has blue tooth , and i have `` linked '' it to my cell phone , but i do n't use it on a regular basis for that . ( i use it for dragon medical program . )
read the directions that came with it . you 'll find they tell you there 's dial in the base that controls the microphone volume .
mono , but heard in both earpieces .
both my husband and i love this phone system . we feel the quality of the speakerphone is excellent , as well as the quality of the reception anywhere in the house .
i 'm not sure , but we used our prior panasonic phones and were able to make them compatible with the new ones .
yes
i have both . i set the answering to three rings and the calls are picked up by my machine first
yes indeed the phone has two separate line plug ins and the caller id stays up after you answered the call . hope my answer to your questions were helpful .
no
from what i read elsewhere online it is not compatible with outlook 2013 ( only earlier versions )
yes , two users can be on seperate calls on each of the two lines .
yes
no , only the cordless phone . you have to lose the handset if you want that jack to connect a headset
the cordless handsets do not but the base unit does . hope that helps !
yes you can , this is one of the features that i looked for in a phone system . to be brief , the volume is set using code # 160 on the handset ( s ) and base unit individually . instructions are on pages 21 and 22 in the manual which is available for download on the panasonic site .
it is to power the cordless , i did n't realize this until you asked the question and i checked . i thought the batteries were just in case you havepower interruption , that 's not the case . i guess that would be another strike against it .
the handsets have a single 2.5mm audio jack for a headset and mic . the base unit does not have an audio port .
the machine announces the caller
i have not had this complaint about this from my callers . one thing i noticed though is that the caller id takes at least two ring before it gets recognized .
yes it is .
it does n't fold but it pops off .
in the booklet it comes with , it says : input voltage : 120vac 60 hz.power consumption at 1.0 min . working : 650 watts 60 wattsim assuming this means its uses 650 watts per minute . it also says it takes 3-5mins to heat up . we just got ours and we live off grid on solar power . i wished i had asked this question before i bought it , because we only have a 300 watt inverter , so we wont be able to use this . and , lava just flowed into my town of pahoa yesterday , so no more post office service soon . i 'd have to drive over an hour to get to a post office and return it , so i might just keep it , and save up for a bigger inverter.i just called purple cows and , after being on hold for a minute , i was asked to leave a message and told that someone would call me back . that was at 12:23i got a call back at in the booklet it comes with , it says : input voltage : 120vac 60 hz.power consumption at 1.0 min . working : 650 watts 60 wattsim assuming this means its uses 650 watts per minute . it also says it takes 3-5mins to heat up . we just got ours and we live off grid on solar power . i wished i had asked this question before i bought it , because we only have a 300 watt inverter , so we wont be able to use this . and , lava just flowed into my town of pahoa yesterday , so no more post office service soon . i 'd have to drive over an hour to get to a post office and return it , so ... » read more in the booklet it comes with , it says : input voltage : 120vac 60 hz.power consumption at 1.0 min . working : 650 watts 60 wattsim assuming this means its uses 650 watts per minute . it also says it takes 3-5mins to heat up . we just got ours and we live off grid on solar power . i wished i had asked this question before i bought it , because we only have a 300 watt inverter , so we wont be able to use this . and , lava just flowed into my town of pahoa yesterday , so no more post office service soon . i 'd have to drive over an hour to get to a post office and return it , so i might just keep it , and save up for a bigger inverter.i just called purple cows and , after being on hold for a minute , i was asked to leave a message and told that someone would call me back . that was at 12:23i got a call back at « show less
yes ! i like the scotch brand that i can purchase either at amazon or walmart in a pinch ! they are very heavy !
my girlfriend and i each have one . she sold me on hers and that is why i bought one . we have never double laminated with it . i buy the scotch thermal laminatingpouches to replace the one i need . they are great . we laminate alot of things for her classroom her centers and etc . the do not curl or roll up . i do not know if they makethicker pockets . i hope this help . i would not want to jam my purple cow if it was too thick . what are you laminating that it needs to be that thick ?
there is a lever that separates the rollers in order to pull out a jammed paper . i think using that button caused my machine to lose tension on the rollers though . this machine did n't even last me through the hot pockets it came with !
that has not happened here with mine . every item has come out perfect . i 'm thinking you have a defective one that does not heat up enough.oh dear , now that is a hassle .
yes it does . a green light , located right next to the power button on the top will come on indicating it is ready for use .
i have n't used it but the way i understand it , you have to have cold laminating sheets . they basically have adhesive on both sides and you put your paper or photo between the adhesive sides and run it through the laminator to seal it . i do n't think it would be useful unless you had something that could be ruined by heat like a thin plastic collage .
yes ! this laminator will laminate card stock extremely well . i did a lot of that in making educational aids for my grandson .
mine do n't but you can get them put on the checks .
works great with inkjet printer
they sure do . no problem at all .
the over all measurements are 8.5 x 11. the actual check measures 8.5 inches wide by 3.5 high . the remittance section that stays attached to the check for the payee is also 8.5 inches wide by 3.5 inches high . the section that you would retain for your records as payer is 8.5 inches wide by 4 inches high . great value and product .
yes , laser or ink jet . these are better checks than ones i have received from the major supplier to the banks a company called del.. plus , they arrived pretty quick after ordering .
it works for epson 280 , 260 , and artisan 50. i do n't think it will work for the 1400 , but there are some great youtube videos that give some good info . hope that helps
yes you can print on both sides .
you 've got to make sure your printer holds 147mm x 246mm ( 5.79 inches x 9.68 inches ) size dvd cd printing tray.brainstorm.com sells the blank inkjet cards and has a photoshop template . you just print to an a4 paper size and select the cd dvd tray and cd dvd surface rather than paper.you do n't need anything other than the epson software and the photoshop template .
the best resources is here : http : brainstormidsupply.com learning-center inkjet-pvc-cards-help.htmlthey sell the trays via amazon and have the most complete list . it 's a very concise list . i do n't think i ever saw that printer . i searched through them to find the best printer for the cards.i have an older epson stylus photo r260 series . the ink is inexpensive and great results . but check brainstorm id first.i made a video for a clint : http : youtu.be jw_k3783nho
i dont know what a butterfly pouch is , but there is no magnetic strips on these .
no . no smears , but that will probably be affected by the type of ink used as well .
yes . you just run each page through separately .
it comes with a cable that has a mini-b plug on it . so if you can do the conversion with a cable , yes it will plug into an iphone or ipad .. the real question is , `` is there software to support the scanner ? '' that has yet to be determined
we have win7 . we have a very simple laptop and have had no real problems with using the scanner . when scanning in a smaller receipt , i just had to be careful in feeding it in to keep it straight . we love the portability of the scanner and very pleased .
i would say about 1x1 or slightly smaller
it 's about 8 in wide by 6 in long
i have the same question , no reply since since 12 10 13 ? then i am movin on
each square is 1 '' by 3 4 '' , so if you write small it will work . i use it for appointments . ex : ( sg . 8 am . )
i use for example 4x6 photo paper with no problems . according the manual you can not use : folded , curled , or wrinkled paper damp paper paper that is too thin ( weighing less than 17 lb ( 64 g m2 ) ) paper that is too thick ( weighing more than 28 lb ( 105 g m2 ) , except for canon genuine paper ) paper thinner than a postcard , including plain paper or notepad paper cut to a small size ( when printing on paper smaller than a5 ) picture postcards postcards affixed with photos or stickers envelopes with a double flap ( or sticker flaps ) envelopes with an embossed or treated surface envelopes whose gummed flaps are already moistened and adhesive any type of paper with holes paper that is not rectangular paper bound with staples or glue paper with adhesives paper decorated with glitter , etc . i use for example 4x6 photo paper with no problems . according the manual you can not use : folded , curled , or wrinkled paper damp paper paper that is too thin ( weighing less than 17 lb ( 64 g m2 ) ) paper that is too thick ( weighing more than 28 lb ( 105 g m2 ) , except for canon genuine paper ) paper thinner than a postcard , including plain paper or notepad paper cut to a small size ( when printing on paper smaller than a5 ) picture postcards postcards affixed with photos or stickers envelopes with a double ... » read more i use for example 4x6 photo paper with no problems . according the manual you can not use : folded , curled , or wrinkled paper damp paper paper that is too thin ( weighing less than 17 lb ( 64 g m2 ) ) paper that is too thick ( weighing more than 28 lb ( 105 g m2 ) , except for canon genuine paper ) paper thinner than a postcard , including plain paper or notepad paper cut to a small size ( when printing on paper smaller than a5 ) picture postcards postcards affixed with photos or stickers envelopes with a double flap ( or sticker flaps ) envelopes with an embossed or treated surface envelopes whose gummed flaps are already moistened and adhesive any type of paper with holes paper that is not rectangular paper bound with staples or glue paper with adhesives paper decorated with glitter , etc . « show less
yes , you can feed photo paper or regular paper from the back .
yes , there 's an upper back door where you can load special things like envelopes , cards , etc . i 'm not sure exactly how many sheets the main ( bottom ) drawer holds ( to some extent , that depends on your paper weight ) -- but the bottom tray is just over 1 2 inch high ( i.e . you can stack that much paper in it ) .
without knowing what os you use ( windows or mac ) i can only suggest checking the canon website for the `` windows adobe rgb 1998 installation program '' http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction photo_all_in_one_inkjet_printers pixma_mg8220 # driversandsoftware . if you have n't already , you might want to note the latest updates for the other canon software programs that are used with the mg 6220. you can discover your printer 's firmware version by running a `` printing nozzle check '' . the latest version is 3.020. i 'd check for the latest firmware updates for your huey pro unit and for each of the graphics programs you use to print color projects . you can use the `` custom '' settings after you install the adobe rgb program to adjust the color balance to bring your contrast under control . check the manufacturer 's site for your graphics card ( gpu ) for updates that may help solve your problem . i use a 24 '' dell u2410 monitor that is rated for very accurate color management right out of the box ! it was nearly $ 500 on sale , but it was worth every penny . if you are using windows 7 64 bit , use the search window to look up `` color management '' just to cover all the bases . if none of this helps solve your problem , i 'd check the maximum pc website for their reviews on monitors for graphic color accuracy . also , and most importantly , i 'd use oem canon retail ink cartridges when you are looking for high quality color . you 're just rolling the dice with 3rd party compatibles . hope this helps ! without knowing what os you use ( windows or mac ) i can only suggest checking the canon website for the `` windows adobe rgb 1998 installation program '' http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction photo_all_in_one_inkjet_printers pixma_mg8220 # driversandsoftware . if you have n't already , you might want to note the latest updates for the other canon software programs that are used with the mg 6220. you can discover your printer 's firmware version by running a `` printing nozzle check '' . the latest version is 3.020. i 'd check for the ... » read more without knowing what os you use ( windows or mac ) i can only suggest checking the canon website for the `` windows adobe rgb 1998 installation program '' http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction photo_all_in_one_inkjet_printers pixma_mg8220 # driversandsoftware . if you have n't already , you might want to note the latest updates for the other canon software programs that are used with the mg 6220. you can discover your printer 's firmware version by running a `` printing nozzle check '' . the latest version is 3.020. i 'd check for the latest firmware updates for your huey pro unit and for each of the graphics programs you use to print color projects . you can use the `` custom '' settings after you install the adobe rgb program to adjust the color balance to bring your contrast under control . check the manufacturer 's site for your graphics card ( gpu ) for updates that may help solve your problem . i use a 24 '' dell u2410 monitor that is rated for very accurate color management right out of the box ! it was nearly $ 500 on sale , but it was worth every penny . if you are using windows 7 64 bit , use the search window to look up `` color management '' just to cover all the bases . if none of this helps solve your problem , i 'd check the maximum pc website for their reviews on monitors for graphic color accuracy . also , and most importantly , i 'd use oem canon retail ink cartridges when you are looking for high quality color . you 're just rolling the dice with 3rd party compatibles . hope this helps ! « show less
the back tray is a hide away when not in use . it sides up , tilts back . when it is open , you can see the paper size slide . insert paper . before printing do not forget to go to properties and select rear tray or auto select .
i have mountain lion works for me i scan and print from this printer to my mac works so far i find auto is best not a lot of tweaking available way good for the money
i do n't know . i have used card stock from staples in the printer and it did great !
i have used these and have been extremely happy . 6 pack us patent canon pgi-225 bk cli-226 bk c m y gy compatible ink cartridges for canon pixma mg8120 , mg6120 printers they are less than $ 6 for a six-pack . i get 5 boxes and get free shipping . i never think about the cost of printing any more ! i print a lot of photos on costco paper , some printing on 24 # paper ( web stuff ) and cd 's . this is all on a mg6120 and a ip4820 , both which use the same ink ( except the ip4820 has 5 tanks , no grey ) . the color is slightly variable between batches so sometimes there is a slight red or green tint on photos . however , i am very particular and it is easily adjustable in the printer setup . this has improved much in the last few batches ; more consistent . i have used these and have been extremely happy . 6 pack us patent canon pgi-225 bk cli-226 bk c m y gy compatible ink cartridges for canon pixma mg8120 , mg6120 printers they are less than $ 6 for a six-pack . i get 5 boxes and get free shipping . i never think about the cost of printing any more ! i print a lot of photos on costco paper , some printing on 24 # paper ( web stuff ) and cd 's . this is all on a mg6120 and a ip4820 , both which use the same ink ( except the ip4820 has 5 tanks , no grey ) . the color is slightly variable between batches ... » read more i have used these and have been extremely happy . 6 pack us patent canon pgi-225 bk cli-226 bk c m y gy compatible ink cartridges for canon pixma mg8120 , mg6120 printers they are less than $ 6 for a six-pack . i get 5 boxes and get free shipping . i never think about the cost of printing any more ! i print a lot of photos on costco paper , some printing on 24 # paper ( web stuff ) and cd 's . this is all on a mg6120 and a ip4820 , both which use the same ink ( except the ip4820 has 5 tanks , no grey ) . the color is slightly variable between batches so sometimes there is a slight red or green tint on photos . however , i am very particular and it is easily adjustable in the printer setup . this has improved much in the last few batches ; more consistent . « show less
top lid opens up from front . scan glass under lid . lift just under that to install ink . printed paper comes out just below that to the front . and bottom paper tray is just below that also slides out front . hope extra info also helps .
yes . i use it with mbp and ipad 2 .
sorry . do n't know the answer . however , i have found this machine to be very useful for the work that i do . ca n't speak for the work that you do .
yes . it needs all colors to function . costco fills all colors except the gray for a lot less money than buying new ones .
it 's a standard canon ink cartridge available at walmart , office max and others that usually run from $ 8 to $ 13.00 . mine is still using the original cartridges , except for the gray that i have printed about 15 8x10 's in color and 9 black and white 's and various other sizes since i purchased this printer .
it prints card stock from the rear tray fine , also envelopes , labels , picture stock , and runs fine , it just eats all the ink you can buy ! i have printed about 200 sheets now and have had to buy three sets of ink cartridges , as it warms up , it eats ink by `` cleaning '' the nozzles . it takes about 2 minutes to `` clean '' and two seconds to print .
i have not tried to do that and do n't think i 've ever seen this as a capability oh this machine
no . the maximum width size of the zebra lp2824p is 2.25 inches
buy the software called bartender , then print yourself using the fba sku . also , i would recommend using thermal transfer , not direct if you are using a 200dpi printer . make sure the media you use is extra sticky . that means you will usually have to buy 50 to 100 rolls at a time , if not through me . i sell special labels myself that are vinyl or metallic based ; super sticky ! most of the amazon ebay labels are cheap chinese labels and will fall off at the warehouse , making your inventory `` damaged unfulfillable ''
i use these labels top reprice items and apply over an existing bar code . i ca n't say what the results might be with a roto-molded plastic bottle as there might be some type of lubricant in the plastic which would cause the adhesion to fail . they stick very well on cardboard and paper , yet release without tearing the surface it was stuck to . for $ 12 bucks you can just try it out !
no , these labels are not compatible with the dymo 450. the zebra and dymo printers have different ways of differentiating the labels . as stated in the title , `` compatible with neatoscan and zebra printers . '' thank you .
you should check the size of your label to see if it matches . it will come off the roll 6 inches long x 4 inches wide . that is the primary concern and should work if it matches .
they say low odor non toxic on the markers but they do have a slight odor to them . hope this helps .
not sure i just use it for my dry erase boards
these will not write on a black dry-erase board . i thought they would , but they do n't show up . for black dry erase boards you pretty much have to buy the neon markers .
yes
fine point . i use them for teaching so it allows for small writing
the green , pink and orange do show up on the black . i have had better success with wet erase markers on black boards .
they are white .
the adhesive would not be reuseable , the paper is not waterproof .
yes .
no . it 's sandwiched . it 's one big decal . you will be looking at the paper part . peel off the complete piece of backing and you 'll have a giant sticker . flip it over , and there 's a thin cutout band . you peel that off , and you can stick the thing to a window , and the white adhesive will give it a framed effect . really useful .
it 's paper with adhesive on one side . if you get it wet , the print will bleed a little bit . you can seal it fairly well with polycrylic . just make sure the polycrylic goes beyond the edge of the paper .
no and it is awful with printing correct colors .
which is exactly why i got rid of it not long after buying it ! the color was always `` off '' . i was never able to correct it and epson was no help . i have since purchased two canon printers ( one for home and one for work ) and i love them . good luck !
not great . actually , i do n't have it any more . the colors were always off . i never got one good photo print . i gave the machine away and bought a canon . very happy .
the time it takes to print is relative to the quality of what your printing , paper type etc . check printer set up ( preferences ) i use text only and change to text and image or photo quality or best photo when needed .
not heavy .
go to website ; downoload updated drivers
you have to use the software on the computer or use the menu and digital display on the printer . you can not just pull the ink tray over as you can with other printers . hope this helps .
yes , it is .
do n't buy . they charge you 15 % re-stock fee .
yes it can
maybe this could be a good helphttp : gigaset.com hq de product gigaseta510ip.html ? tab=service
yes
hi , in my case , it came with a `` 110v only '' charger and gp 700mah aaa rechargable batteries . as i live in a 220v country i had to use a converter to 110v in order not to damage it.i hope this helps.have a nice day.julian .
yes it is .
yes it has `` hands free '' feature , i.e . speakerphone ...
there does not seem to be a way to load paper into anything but the paper tray . this means the paper has to be pulled through the printer in a tight u paper path , so unless your card stock can bend like that , i do n't think it would work well .
yes it is . windows 8 will recognize it and install its driver .
yes it does print on printable cd and dvd .
looking at the option of maintaining `` head cleaning '' try that .
i have an artisan 710 that has used a ciss flawlessly for years . because of that , my parents bought a 730 a few months ago and i installed a ciss on theirs . it has not had any problems . i saw a comment somewhere where someone said they did a firmware update on their 730 and now it does n't recognize the ciss cartridges . i do n't know about that , i have only seen that comment once . at any rate , if i had a 730 with 3rd party ink i would n't update the firmware just to be on the safe side .
no
it does a good job on 35mm slides . i scanned about 500 from 50 's and 60 's .
yes on `` 7 '' and no on usb 2
yes
i do n't remember if it came with any . it came with everything i needed to scan my negatives .
the web site for gmyle says it 's for windows & mac . that 's also what 's on the cd that came with it . if you want to run it under linux , i think you would have to set up a virtual machine on your linux one , running windows . ( lots of linux users do this so they can run windows programs ( like quicken ) not available for linux . it does good work on myw7 machine . hal in albuquerque , nm
it only took each slide a matter of seconds to render and then save to the computer . hope this helps , i was very happy with the performance .
the software has a preview -- not direct but quite functional ...
no you can not because the printer needs to be connected to a conputadora by either usb or serial port ...
with the ipad , no . the ipad is not usb capable since apple likes to make their devices crapunique . in other words , no usb port or usb kernel level driver for custom software = never usb on ipad for these applications.with the paypal swiper for the computer ( usb ) it could work , on the ipad no .
no , you need the included ac adaptor ( is a 12v output ) , usb is only 5v output .
as long as your os is 32bit . it did not work on 64bit for me .
yes , i got it to work with win7-64 as well.install the drivers off the disc first and then connect and turn on the printer .
yes as far as the product i received it had a usb cable , a receipt printer driver and power cable with the unit itself .
standard business card dimensions .
the pockets hold a normal business card .
count includes two cards in each slot , front & back .
no , no tabs .
definitely red , some pink overtones .
i do not know the proper name for the material and the item itself does not have any sort of label on it at this time that specifies it ( though looking at it , i may have removed one at purchase ) . the outside material is soft and `` leather-like '' and i think it feels nice to the touch . it is slightly padded underneath and because of this i would not expect to be able to rough it up without poking or nicking it and causing a tear . in my case though , it stays on my desk to organize the cards i have collected so it is not an issue . it is notable though that i am not in a business environment with it , it is strictly used in my home . for the price it is attractive , easy to use , stores well and has suited my purpose perfectly . i would buy another when this one is full . i do not know the proper name for the material and the item itself does not have any sort of label on it at this time that specifies it ( though looking at it , i may have removed one at purchase ) . the outside material is soft and `` leather-like '' and i think it feels nice to the touch . it is slightly padded underneath and because of this i would not expect to be able to rough it up without poking or nicking it and causing a tear . in my case though , it stays on my desk to organize the cards i have collected so it is not an issue . it is notable though that i am not in a business ... » read more i do not know the proper name for the material and the item itself does not have any sort of label on it at this time that specifies it ( though looking at it , i may have removed one at purchase ) . the outside material is soft and `` leather-like '' and i think it feels nice to the touch . it is slightly padded underneath and because of this i would not expect to be able to rough it up without poking or nicking it and causing a tear . in my case though , it stays on my desk to organize the cards i have collected so it is not an issue . it is notable though that i am not in a business environment with it , it is strictly used in my home . for the price it is attractive , easy to use , stores well and has suited my purpose perfectly . i would buy another when this one is full . « show less
yes ! i use this for my department store credit cards as well as my plastic `` credit-card-style '' store rewards cards .
it says 100 %
grocery store paperbag brown - recycled paperbag
yes .
i was able to you just have to adjust the page settings for 5x7 paper
the cards arrive at 10x7 with a scored line in the middle for a folded card at 5x7 ; 50 folding cards and 50 envelopes .
the style i ordered came exactly the same size . there were other sizes and designs i could have chosen . i was pleased with the three badges i ordered .
i believe it is welded on . it 's sturdy .
no sir it does n't .
you can load 100 sheets ( letter or legal ) in the front cassette . envelopes and specialty paper is loaded in the rear cassette .
i have not used this printer for photos , i have a photo centric printer for that duty . for printing presentations and general output , the color output looks great , accurate and bright , never blotchy or streaky .
epson has an app in the play store called epson iprint . works great on my galaxy s4 . i am using static ip , not discovery since the printers on not on the same network as the wifi at work .
yellow ink leakage is an ( apparently common ) fatal problem . once it starts , it just gets worse . we had to discard our machine , after buying a new yellow cartridge since we thought it might be the source of the problem . google `` espon 4530 yellow leak '' for many more complaints . epson refused to repair the machine ( which was 18 months old ) , saying that it was a `` random failure . ''
the same thing happened to me after a power surge and outage . i shut down my computer and printer and after wiaiting a few minutes restarted both and have had no more problems .
my epson workforce pro 4530 works fine . no leaks with starting cartridges that can with it . i love it and recommend it .
there is no ink and this is a thermal printer . i 'm not sure on paper roll length but it does take a rather large roll .
that i ca n't answer , im using it on a pc , but i can tell u , it 's limited on the amount of info u can put on the receipts bkz of its width , other than that it works well
the printer will print characters as a line printer , if characters or print commands are sent to its serial port or usb port , depending on the model you own . for printing of graphics you either need a program that can communicate with pos printers directly ( e.g . sambapos ) or a printer driver . i am not aware of any software or driver for osx ( mac ) .
the one i got do n't work with anything
i use notebook
i never got mine to work , only good use is as a paper weight .
no
that is what i did . the far right set of stickers was slightly off center but it was n't noticeable with the graphic i printed .
2 in . there 's a template at avery.com .
you should be able to go on avery 's website and locate a template , i think they come in a word document . to be honest , every label that i have ever printed comes out a little crooked due to at-home-printers . the trick is to use a design that does n't make the flaw so obvious . their example of the wide green border would make a crooked print really obvious , but something with a solid color background would show better .
probably . i never liked the glossy finish but avery did n't sell that size in the kraft brown . i finally gave up because over time my labels were smudging and it was warning labels for my candle business so i kinda need the ink to stay ! i ended up buying some kraft labels from another online retailer with a much better price !
i do n't know much about stamps and ink , but i pulled out my ink pad to test your question and i am happy to report that the ink did not smudge at all . even on the glossy paper ! i let it sit for a couple of minutes and vigorously smeared the stamp with my fingers . even though i ended up with ink on my finger , i do not see any on the paper outside of the stamp itself . good luck !
i just used regular ink - the hp that was in my machine and i do n't have a photo ink in .
i would think they would stick fine onto hockey pucks .
have n't had to remove any but in getting one wet it seemed to roll off easily .
i score the labels then spray with goo gone .
yes , we did . they actually are quite lovely.super unique and adhere very well . we did have a bit of a struggle getting it aligned on all of them . maybe user error
it states this product is for the use of the laser printers .
yes . the red part of the pad is raised . i still have to use a mouse pad along side of the desk pad..
black
any standard office paper -- legal or regular size -- fits this easily and well . there is no need to put additional paper either under or over the blotter .
yes , it is capable of scanning receipts , business cards & greeting cards . the capture perfect software is the fastest scanning and ocr software i have ever worked with and is easy to use .
yes it does and the quality of the scans are great .
i ca n't find any instructions in the manual and no indications of any wireless capability . we have a tax practice and have decided to go paperless with our supporting documentation . this unit is working fine with minimal setup and minimal jamming with source documentation that borders on heavy ( social security statements ) to light ( yellow legal pages ) . although the software is loaded onto just one of our computers , the scanned images are saved to a network hard drive accessible to all of the computers on the network . i haven tried networking the scan function into any more units
yes , it sure does : http : cl.ly image 3p1u2t1y1d3t .
yes
i 'm running 10.6.8 without problems , so it should work on your mac . when i first got the printer , it did not work properly with the drivers that came with the machine , but epson released an update since then that works perfectly . to be sure , check epson 's website to see if anyone has reported any problems with this model of the printer and your current os .
i have not had any luck with printing multiple envelopes , when i did print envelopes , i fed them one at at time . otherwise , they would get jammed or the machine would take multiple envelopes at once . good luck .
i 'm not 100 % certain . i 've only used it with a macbook pro and an hp laptop with windows 8. it did work fine with both of those , so i would assume that it would work with windows 7 .
when scanning are you running it through the document feeder or scanning from the glass ? as regards scanning to other pcs are the units you are trying to scan to all connected via a network ?
both . you can send directly from window applications and you can set a page on the scanner and fax .
yes , you can scan to computers wirelessly , however you have to install software available on epson 's website before you can . at their drivers page for the printer ( http : tinyurl.com d9tymru ) download the epson scanner driver and scan utility . the link will probably load the osx downloads , but you can use the dropdown to change to your os of choice . i also downloaded and installed `` event manager utility '' , which `` allows you to activate the epson scan utility from the control panel of your epson product . '' that sounded like wireless scanning to me ! but it did note that `` the epson scan utility must be installed prior to using the event manager utility . `` from osx , download and install the scan utility , then download and install the event manager utility . as long as your firewall is configured properly , or off , then your computer should show up on the printer 's display in the `` scan to pc '' section , where `` usb connection '' had previously been the only option ! yes , you can scan to computers wirelessly , however you have to install software available on epson 's website before you can . at their drivers page for the printer ( http : tinyurl.com d9tymru ) download the epson scanner driver and scan utility . the link will probably load the osx downloads , but you can use the dropdown to change to your os of choice . i also downloaded and installed `` event manager utility '' , which `` allows you to activate the epson scan utility from the control panel of your epson product . '' that sounded like wireless scanning to me ! but it did note that ... » read more yes , you can scan to computers wirelessly , however you have to install software available on epson 's website before you can . at their drivers page for the printer ( http : tinyurl.com d9tymru ) download the epson scanner driver and scan utility . the link will probably load the osx downloads , but you can use the dropdown to change to your os of choice . i also downloaded and installed `` event manager utility '' , which `` allows you to activate the epson scan utility from the control panel of your epson product . '' that sounded like wireless scanning to me ! but it did note that `` the epson scan utility must be installed prior to using the event manager utility . `` from osx , download and install the scan utility , then download and install the event manager utility . as long as your firewall is configured properly , or off , then your computer should show up on the printer 's display in the `` scan to pc '' section , where `` usb connection '' had previously been the only option ! « show less
yes it does ... ..
on the epson screen look for wifi networks search for your home wifi user 's name and then enter your password
if you have wifi , you wo n't need the usb cable . if you do not have wifi , you can use an ethernet cable to print , but you would need the usb cable in order to scan documents to your computer . it 's always good to have as a backup in case your wifi is down .
i returned it , because it did not work on my apple computer
the printer does manual two-sided printing . what this means is that you can select two sided from you computer and it will print one side of your print job . you then put the papers back into the paper feed for it to do the other . it is a fine system , but hampers the usefulness of wireless printing ( and can be tedious ) .
yes it is . the wireless set up was easy . ( make sure you follow the instructions carefully ) once set up on my home network it worked fine . a recent update was pushed out but i 've have n't had any problems .
please try the following link ... http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store support supdetail.jsp ? bv_usebvcookie=yes &infoty; pe=faq &oid; =183883 &prodoid; =63091942 &foid; =198024
this epson printer has never let me down , and the ink compatibles are right here on amazon ... all printers to multi faxing , and this printer does top load multi scanning black and white only , or color , you choose which one , top loading so you dont have to open scanner lid all the time !
i have no idea , but it is very sturdy . i have put over 75lbs on it with no problem .
i can not say for sure about your television set . these are the items i have on this cart 47 '' plasma tv , sound bar , ps3 , cable box , modem and fire wall . i rolled this set up from room to room without shake wobble or wiggle . i am confident with the stability of this cart..
yes just 2 wheels lock .
they have manuals on their sometimes confusing site . i seldom print envelopes on this printer as i hate the flimsy paper tray and found paper set up to be a pain . so , i use my hp or canon for envelopes .
to print out photos on glossy paper just simply put in tray as you would for printing out anything esle . just make sure the regular paper is out before you put your glossy paper in . lt prints great photos ! but l ca n't remember to either put it facing downward or right side up . just practice first with white paper .
sometimes the machine has a mind of its own and cancels a photo scan . the most frustrating part is the touch pad which works like crap . if the photos scan , they come out very sharp .
download the lexmark software complete software package if you have n't already and install it . you must have a analog phone line available , voip ( like vonage ) will not work unless the voip provider states their adapter will work . plug a standard phone line into the phone jack of the printer . at the front of the printer , select fax , making sure you have the document properly loaded ; then okay . i will be honest , i did not keep this printer as i had issues with the fax function . i bought a competitor that worked flawlessly using the same phone lines .
nope
yes the power supply is included , as this is a large quantity , we currently have listed only 2 units for sale , but if you need more i can increase the quantity amount . please email us and let us know your contact details .
if you are talking about part # gxp1100 , we have 190 in stock now . media depot
no , it uses an ethernet plug to connect to a network .
sure . you 'll need an account through a sip provider and then you enter that information into the phone 's web interface and you should be good to go . i have been very pleased with the service of voip.ms . simple to setup and inexpensive .
the margins are about .5 inch on each side - this is better than others that have 2 inches on each side ...
you can not change the maximum font size when using the larger tapes . after spending an hour trying to figure it out i called epson support to confirm . this is a very disappointing `` feature '' of the label maker . what is the point in having larger tapes if you can not use the additional space ?
no others
yes , but you have to buy the fabric tape separately . ( in the product description it says that it supports fabric tape , but note that said tape is not listed under `` what 's in the box '' . ) you can find it on amazon by searching for `` 4wbq5 '' .
there is a roll included but its just a few feet long . i suggest you buy another at the same time to ensure you do not run out . also be sure to look at the length of the replacements ribbons . i bought two and both were different lengths .
i just took the cartridge out and reinserted ... it works fine . there 's nothing to feed the tape through ... meaning it is an enclosed cartridge .it 's very user friendly .
it depends on what you need it for . i use the black on silver , white on espresso and the black on white . check the length of each tape that you are interested in as some are shorter than others ( and therefore not as economical ) . i use this labeller for pricing items in a store and for home use . the silver with black is very classy . but for home use and file labeling , the black on white is best for me . hope this helps .
okay , i just checked after leaving the two test items in the freezer for 12+ hours and yes , the tape stuck just fine to the two surfaces i placed it on .
no . it has a place to put an adapter 6.5 volt 15a . that could be 1.5a . it is toohard to see . it does not come with an adapter . you can buy one . hope this helps .
you can print multiple lines of text . up to 4 i think . the font size will change automatically to fit on vertical space available . the unit also has pre-set 2 , 3 , 4 line options where the first line is bigger than the rest etc . pretty cool really .
there are two plastic clips that go into holes in the base . it comes with it apart so you can see how it goes in and come apart . i have not tried to take mine apart . i have 5 of these . also the manual shows the two parts base and feeder .
yes
never had an m140 , but had no issues with m160 install running windows 7
you will probably have to buy a new printhead . the company misleads customers by advertising that `` you can save on printing and ink . they do n't tell us that it uses both cartridges to print in color and in black only too . if you do n't use it frequently it will start to malfunction . i put a brand new black cartridge in and i barely used it when it malfunctioned because i did n't have a color cartridge . not pleased with this product !
yep , via usb . not that i 'm endorsing this printer . it sucks ink , and customer service for the issues i 've had was a pain in the neck .
yes you can . just use a usb a to usb b cable . there are plenty of them on amazon .
yes it does . i forgot to mention in my review that i use it on my imac .
if the description does not talk about qr codes specifically , then assume that it does not . qr is a feature that if supported a manufacturer will talk about it .
hi . yes , it did come with both the base and the cord . i was converting to usb from serial and i did not have either .
no you change the cartridges separately -- a long-time user and advocate -- sometimes `` walmart '' carries the original kodak glossy photo paper in 4 x 6 or 8 1 2 x 11 in the copier or stationary aisles -- buy it up when you see it . since the printer is no longer made retailers are no longer carrying the paper and it may soon be out of production . kodak paper and ink give superior prints together . sometimes when plain paper black- and-white prints seem `` patchy '' or `` faded '' you need to try the `` color '' print button not the `` black '' print button . in time the printers do wear and can no longer be repaired because replacement parts are no longer being manufactured for this discontinued gem of a printer . enjoy -- crl no you change the cartridges separately -- a long-time user and advocate -- sometimes `` walmart '' carries the original kodak glossy photo paper in 4 x 6 or 8 1 2 x 11 in the copier or stationary aisles -- buy it up when you see it . since the printer is no longer made retailers are no longer carrying the paper and it may soon be out of production . kodak paper and ink give superior prints together . sometimes when plain paper black- and-white prints seem `` patchy '' or `` faded '' you need to try the `` color '' print button not the `` black '' print button . in ... » read more no you change the cartridges separately -- a long-time user and advocate -- sometimes `` walmart '' carries the original kodak glossy photo paper in 4 x 6 or 8 1 2 x 11 in the copier or stationary aisles -- buy it up when you see it . since the printer is no longer made retailers are no longer carrying the paper and it may soon be out of production . kodak paper and ink give superior prints together . sometimes when plain paper black- and-white prints seem `` patchy '' or `` faded '' you need to try the `` color '' print button not the `` black '' print button . in time the printers do wear and can no longer be repaired because replacement parts are no longer being manufactured for this discontinued gem of a printer . enjoy -- crl « show less
beverly~that i am aware of ... you ca n't . been there , tried just about everything to get it to work , and nothing . from my experience , you have to have cartridges ( color and black ) that are at least partially full for either one to work . pretty crummy , and just another reason i could n't recommend this printer to anyone . : (
funny , kodak wanted to replace mine with a refurbished printer costing to much for what it is when the printhead would not move after trying all the suggestions for fixing the problem . my husband did get it working again by taking it apart but i had already bought myself an hp officejet which works great . and the office hero 6.1 quit working again so i am sorry i ca n't help but my suggestion to you is stay away from the kodak and throw it in the trash . kodak is not an american product any longer . the only good thing about the printer i thought was the cost of the ink . the hp ink is expensive but it seems to last me a lot longer ! funny , kodak wanted to replace mine with a refurbished printer costing to much for what it is when the printhead would not move after trying all the suggestions for fixing the problem . my husband did get it working again by taking it apart but i had already bought myself an hp officejet which works great . and the office hero 6.1 quit working again so i am sorry i ca n't help but my suggestion to you is stay away from the kodak and throw it in the trash . kodak is not an american product any longer . the only good thing about the printer i thought was the cost of the ink . the hp ink is ... » read more funny , kodak wanted to replace mine with a refurbished printer costing to much for what it is when the printhead would not move after trying all the suggestions for fixing the problem . my husband did get it working again by taking it apart but i had already bought myself an hp officejet which works great . and the office hero 6.1 quit working again so i am sorry i ca n't help but my suggestion to you is stay away from the kodak and throw it in the trash . kodak is not an american product any longer . the only good thing about the printer i thought was the cost of the ink . the hp ink is expensive but it seems to last me a lot longer ! « show less
yes , but ... ..i use a mac and kodak had to replace the printer 4 times . when the last one failed also , i asked for my money back and they refused . just offered me another replacement ! their customer service sucks , and this product does too . do n't buy it !
needed a new printer when this happened to me . went back to hp printer
yes , it works fine on my windows 8 machine ( lenovo yoga idea pad )
i 'm sure u can purchase on amazon .
no
do n't have a mac . sorry . ♡♡♡my kodak printer , though . having the 4x6 photo paper always loaded is fun . and the kodak photo app . on my phone is just the best .
i would not get this printer because this company stopped making printers and the ink is really hard to locate i got this for my husband 2 years ago its not compatible with mac
hi up to 8 1 2 by 14
yes .
i 've had 3 & the photo quality is all about the same . older models are noisy . depends on what features you want . the hero 7.1 & 9.1 are virtually the same except the 9.1 has the built in fax . i love my 7.1 , nice & quiet plus i can print photos from my ipad or iphone .
as long as you have wf
try holding the off button several seconds to turn it completely off . then restart your computer and then turn the printer back on . hope this works for you . i ca n't wait til i can afford to buy a new one .
contact kodak customer service on the web . they should be able to mail one to you .
best black ink is kodak 10b , for color 10c both give great color to pages and photos .
yes , it can be wifi , but due to connectivity problems i chose to run an ethernet cable around the room for connection .
it feeds from the tray .
yes . i had set it up at first , then it won , t print , so had to buy a cable to print . very frustrating .
yes , but you have to specifically select `` gray scale '' in the printer properties . the default behavior is to not print when a cartridge is empty . so when my color cartridges went out i just switched to gray scale to continue printing and i have no plans of replacing the color cartridges .
you do n't need a cable to connect to the wifi . the printer will scan for any wifi signals , you just choose yours and put in your wifi password and that 's it .
yes it does . but after printing about 100 pages i had to buy another black cartridge , $ 12 .
yes vic , i 'm running windows 8 on a dell inspiron 660s pc without issues . no problem ...
yes it does , lasts for a reasonable amount of time and here is where i buy more : http : www.private.abacus24-7.com search-by-device.aspx ? catid=1 &subcat; =27
yes , although it 's probably best to buy pre-filled refillable cartridges . they are transparent and come with plugs to seal the fill hole . that way , it is easy to see when they need refilling and easy to refill the ones that need refilling . the cartridges are relatively inexpensive and available on ebay .
yes . its a really good printer .
yes . it does a good kob scanning documents for reprint or to email . i 'm not sure about photos as i have n't ever tried to scan and reprint those .
not too bad actually
i bought this printer only with the intention of printing school work . so , i have n't printed anything on photo paper with it . it does come with a small sample of photo paper , but i have never used it . it does have nice picture quality on regular paper though .
i do n't use scanner much so i ca n't answer . sorry about that .
i checked brother 's web site because i also wanted to know about this feature , and this printer does reduce enlarge , from 25 % to 400 % of the original size .
as far as printing directly onto cd dvd 's , with the mfcj825dw , it 's a snap to do . you need the newsoft cd labeler software which is available on the cd that comes in the software package provided with the printer . ( there might be a small upgrade available , also , from the software company . use google search ) . you also need the proper kind of disks for the printing . i am using the verbatim disks that are called inkjet printable white , hub printable . they work great ! the cd 's will cost you about $ 0.36 each ( 50-pack ) and the dvd 's will cost you a bit more ( bought thru amazon ) . the cost of ink is extra , and dependent on your design ( leave as much white space as you can ) .there is a lot of simple power in this printing software , especially using the `` import '' feature . you can import all kinds of images , backgrounds , etc. , with a little of playing use google `` images '' or photos , etc . if you want to reach me , pfournier1 @ gmail.com as far as printing directly onto cd dvd 's , with the mfcj825dw , it 's a snap to do . you need the newsoft cd labeler software which is available on the cd that comes in the software package provided with the printer . ( there might be a small upgrade available , also , from the software company . use google search ) . you also need the proper kind of disks for the printing . i am using the verbatim disks that are called inkjet printable white , hub printable . they work great ! the cd 's will cost you about $ 0.36 each ( 50-pack ) and the dvd 's will cost you a bit more ( bought thru amazon ) . the cost of ink ... » read more as far as printing directly onto cd dvd 's , with the mfcj825dw , it 's a snap to do . you need the newsoft cd labeler software which is available on the cd that comes in the software package provided with the printer . ( there might be a small upgrade available , also , from the software company . use google search ) . you also need the proper kind of disks for the printing . i am using the verbatim disks that are called inkjet printable white , hub printable . they work great ! the cd 's will cost you about $ 0.36 each ( 50-pack ) and the dvd 's will cost you a bit more ( bought thru amazon ) . the cost of ink is extra , and dependent on your design ( leave as much white space as you can ) .there is a lot of simple power in this printing software , especially using the `` import '' feature . you can import all kinds of images , backgrounds , etc. , with a little of playing use google `` images '' or photos , etc . if you want to reach me , pfournier1 @ gmail.com « show less
do n't think mine self-cleans daily , but it does do it periodically . i just may not happen to be in the room with it if it does the self-cleaning daily . no jamming problems , maybe happened once or twice when making copies with the adf . have only had to replace the black ink cartridge once in 17 months ( i use the larger cartridges ) and did not have a problem with the printer recognizing it . this is a decent , economical all in one in my experience with it . i read some negative reviews , but for the price i took a chance and got a good little printer and have been very satisfied with it .
yes . honestly i have not tried this feature since i have an epson printer that also prints cds and dvds .
be sure paper is not curled or wrinkled . try only filling the paper tray half full and fan the stack before putting in . also , see basic user guide pgs 10-12. trouble still ? go to : www.brother-usa.com . click on : support . enter : model number mfc-j825dw . go to frequently asked questions . enter : `` paper feed '' for your key word to search . click on : `` why does my brother machine feed more than ... '' they list a step by step trouble finder .
yes , it is finally compatible . brother just released a new set of drivers in december that removes the incompatibilities .
the length ( running across ) is approx 15 '' and the width ( front to back ) is 11 '' + . it 's big enough that i put a tv tray on it to better support what i 've placed on top . it 's a great little cart . i 'm limited with my bathroom space so it 's got all of my hair products , extra medications and toiletries , make up and just tons of stuff . the one thing to remember if you purchase is to be very careful when opening the drawers..they are heavy duty cloth and could tip out..never happened to me but it could .
no but the framing will . so always lift from the bottom .
yes and no ... it can hold a 'few ' clothes but too small to be considered a dresser .
honestly , i do n't think the unit can handle a karaoke machine . the top shelf is made out of a cardboard-like material and i 'd be afraid that it would bend under the weight of a machine . i use mine in my kitchen to hold overflow from our 2 drawers - the wheels do n't lock particularly well and even with the weight of glass measuring cups and ramkins , the unit easily moves . although i find it useful for my purposes , i would n't put anything more than a few pounds on that top shelf .
i think so , might not be quit big enough though
the drawer is 8 '' deep ( top to bottom ) so you have a good 7 1 2 '' deep for storage . it looks to me like you need to leave 1 2 '' leeway . hope this helps . i am very pleased with my cart . use it for stained glass supplies -- tools , soldering iron etc. , not the glass itself . the drawers are soft-sided but it is sturdy .
yeah , it comes disassembled so you can just not put the wheels on . however , once they 're on they 're hard to get off . and the way it 's built , it would be difficult to move if the wheels are n't on it .
16x12x35
the containers are canvas and pretty good size . they sit on small metal bar , not a solid shelf .
there are fabric-covered boards that fit in the bottom of each drawer for support . the top of the cart is also a fabric-covered piece and it attaches with velcro . i bought this for my mom to use in her bathroom and she really likes it . so far , it has held up well .
yes , they can be used with an inkjet printers . one thing to watch is whether you 're ordering them to go face up or face down in the paper tray . if you order them for face down , they reverse the order of the check numbers so they print consecutively
when you order the checks , you provide the routing number and account number . when they send them to you , everything is complete .
this checks from compuchecks are good quality , nothing to complain about it . i am happy with them . i print them from my inject or laser printer , i have not had to set them up , look like they use the same format than qb does .
the check by itself will fit perfect , but if you want to include the 2 portions under the check , the one just below the check fits well too , but the last part could be a little tight but you always can fold it or cut it off a little bit , also some people do not use that portion .
yes , the vendor 's name and address are inputted directly from quickbooks onto the check and fit perfectly into the window on the envelope . i use these checks all of the time and they are beautiful and very professional looking !
this product is for usa and canada only - it will not operate worldwide .
make sure the base unit is powered and attached to your router lan port with the ethernet cable . the phone does not need to be connected to a landline , it works over the internet ( voip ) . fully charge phone on charger basei 'd recommend you set up the handset near the base unit for best connectivitypress left key just under the screenset language and countrywait for connection and `` successful '' sign in to your skype account or create a new one if you do n't already have onepress up calls key and select < new user > press ok keyenter your skype user namepress ok keyenter skype passwordpress ok keypress yes for saving your user name and password , or no if that is your preference , but it is easier if you stay signed in.wait for connection and `` successful '' .come back with more info if you still get stuck . make sure the base unit is powered and attached to your router lan port with the ethernet cable . the phone does not need to be connected to a landline , it works over the internet ( voip ) . fully charge phone on charger basei 'd recommend you set up the handset near the base unit for best connectivitypress left key just under the screenset language and countrywait for connection and `` successful '' sign in to your skype account or create a new one if you do n't already have onepress up calls key and select ... » read more make sure the base unit is powered and attached to your router lan port with the ethernet cable . the phone does not need to be connected to a landline , it works over the internet ( voip ) . fully charge phone on charger basei 'd recommend you set up the handset near the base unit for best connectivitypress left key just under the screenset language and countrywait for connection and `` successful '' sign in to your skype account or create a new one if you do n't already have onepress up calls key and select < new user > press ok keyenter your skype user namepress ok keyenter skype passwordpress ok keypress yes for saving your user name and password , or no if that is your preference , but it is easier if you stay signed in.wait for connection and `` successful '' .come back with more info if you still get stuck . « show less
you do not need a landline . all that is required is an ( high speed ) internet connection . skype does not use hardly much bandwidth at all , you will not notice a difference in your download speeds . what is better , you can access skype on many mobile devices with a wifi connection ( such as ipod , and even a psp ) ; you just need a wifi connection and earbuds with a microphone . even better , when you travel ( or use a computer at the hotel ) you get your full skype account just like you were home , all your contacts and calling costs you no more than at home . i go for the all-you-can-dial plan for about $ 25-30 per year . you will purchase the calling plan and the phone number seperately ( total about $ 60 ) -- but that is your entire phone bill for the year . it is even better -- i am curently in japan ( military duty ) and i call coast to coast , all year for only $ 60 . and averyone calls me just like i was in texas ( got a texas number ) . tell me how you beat that ? -- karlo j you do not need a landline . all that is required is an ( high speed ) internet connection . skype does not use hardly much bandwidth at all , you will not notice a difference in your download speeds . what is better , you can access skype on many mobile devices with a wifi connection ( such as ipod , and even a psp ) ; you just need a wifi connection and earbuds with a microphone . even better , when you travel ( or use a computer at the hotel ) you get your full skype account just like you were home , all your contacts and calling costs you no more than at home . i go for the all-you-can-dial plan for ... » read more you do not need a landline . all that is required is an ( high speed ) internet connection . skype does not use hardly much bandwidth at all , you will not notice a difference in your download speeds . what is better , you can access skype on many mobile devices with a wifi connection ( such as ipod , and even a psp ) ; you just need a wifi connection and earbuds with a microphone . even better , when you travel ( or use a computer at the hotel ) you get your full skype account just like you were home , all your contacts and calling costs you no more than at home . i go for the all-you-can-dial plan for about $ 25-30 per year . you will purchase the calling plan and the phone number seperately ( total about $ 60 ) -- but that is your entire phone bill for the year . it is even better -- i am curently in japan ( military duty ) and i call coast to coast , all year for only $ 60 . and averyone calls me just like i was in texas ( got a texas number ) . tell me how you beat that ? -- karlo j « show less
warranty terms are stated in the owner 's manual . you can download a pdf copy of it here : http : www.gephones.com docs 31591-user-guide-english-f.pdfit 's only for 1 year , and they expect you to have the original sales receipt if you try to exercise it . a sizeable production run of this phone had a factory defect and i believe ge thinks it was a big mistake to ever market this model so i do n't think this warranty is worth the paper it 's written on . if ge replaces it , it wo n't be with the same model phone . i do n't think ge makes any skype-embedded phones any more . they 're a great company , but sometimes a business gets screwed rebranding somebody else 's `` killer '' product . when i bought my first phone of this model it did n't work , so i researched it . seems most customers do poor research . i like this phone 's stylishness , so i gambled and bought another . it works great , so i bought still another and it works fine too . the netgear sph200d is still a better product . i hope this helps you . happy holidays . warranty terms are stated in the owner 's manual . you can download a pdf copy of it here : http : www.gephones.com docs 31591-user-guide-english-f.pdfit 's only for 1 year , and they expect you to have the original sales receipt if you try to exercise it . a sizeable production run of this phone had a factory defect and i believe ge thinks it was a big mistake to ever market this model so i do n't think this warranty is worth the paper it 's written on . if ge replaces it , it wo n't be with the same model phone . i do n't think ge makes any skype-embedded phones any more . they 're a great ... » read more warranty terms are stated in the owner 's manual . you can download a pdf copy of it here : http : www.gephones.com docs 31591-user-guide-english-f.pdfit 's only for 1 year , and they expect you to have the original sales receipt if you try to exercise it . a sizeable production run of this phone had a factory defect and i believe ge thinks it was a big mistake to ever market this model so i do n't think this warranty is worth the paper it 's written on . if ge replaces it , it wo n't be with the same model phone . i do n't think ge makes any skype-embedded phones any more . they 're a great company , but sometimes a business gets screwed rebranding somebody else 's `` killer '' product . when i bought my first phone of this model it did n't work , so i researched it . seems most customers do poor research . i like this phone 's stylishness , so i gambled and bought another . it works great , so i bought still another and it works fine too . the netgear sph200d is still a better product . i hope this helps you . happy holidays . « show less
yes ... if i remember correctly , you can choose numbers , text , an special characters on the keypad . our phones are at our place mexico and they work great . can check when we are there in november . but , i think they do .
you pay for whatever skype plan you want . i use the unlimited europe but they do have mexico and latin america plans . audio is crystal clear . also you choose an american number so they can call you and avoid high cell phone rates . goto skype website for plans . cheers
ge will redirect you to www.jascoproducts.com ( their main replacement parts website . i believe this is the part your looking for : http : www.jascoproducts.com products pc cordless-phone-battery-550mah-2-4v-23p1096.htm # .uoswh68_vkcwww.batteries.com also has the part here : http : www.batteries.com cordless-phone ge 31591-battery_r-10090143-203040.html
the one i received came in a clear plastic box , similar to the one a toothbrush would come in .
i ordered the jinhao ink cartridges for this pen . unscrew the part of the pen that has the nib ( the writing point ) . the narrow end of the ink cartridge is what goes toward the nib end . push it on until the end is punctured , allowing the ink to flow freely . screw the two pieces of the pen back together . it usually takes a minute for the ink to flow down into the nib , but once it does you are ready to write .
no box.this pen is pretty but a piece of junk . nothing i did would get it to write . have since thrown it away and found much better pens from another company .
good question . i just gave up on my pen and put it in the recycling bucket . i got it to work for about a day but that was it . no amount of tinkering , cleaning , swearing could make it work . it is a piece of junk . my suggestion : get rid of it and get a pen not made in china .
it seems to be permanant and i thought that might be a detraction from its esthetic quality . but after owning it , i actually think it is fine . may prevent dirt grime catching in the surface over time . this pen has a perfect weight and balance for my writing preference .
you need to get a jar of ink , then you take the chamber out of the pen , to do so you unscrew the nib from the body , then simply pull the chamber out of the nib . then twist the top of the chamber until the black twisty part is all the way down the hollow part of the chamber . then dip it in the ink and untwist , this will fill it with ink . before replacing the chamber in the nib flush the nib with water . insert the chamber and begin writing . it will take a few strokes to begin ink glow . and ink will be watered down at first .
you can use ink cartridge or bottle ink.you can search 'jinhao ink cartridge ' at amazon to buy the ink cartridge fit this pen .
yes
international cartridges .
i 've had no problems with the cartridges fitting into this pen . make sure you are using the international size ink cartridges . those fit for me .
easiest way is to use an ink cartridge . they are pretty generic and available on amazon . you just unscrew the pen , take out the converter and pop in the small cylindrical ink cartridge . there is a small pin that will puncture the cartridge when you push it all the way in . there are also a lot of youtube videos that will show you how to insert the cartridge or how to fill the pen from a bottle of ink .
hi muriel , i would call this a medium , although i prefer a large , or wide nib , this one does a nice job . nice for a small gift , or for personal use .
nope
sure ! your pen needs to have ink flow stimulated by some form of `` suction '' . the easiest and gentlest method i 've found is to ball up a kleenex and run it very gently with the smooth side of the nib . just gently `` wipe '' the nib in a downward motion until you see ink in the kleenex . then try to gently `` write '' on the kleenex with the pen . if you get no lines , just keep the gentle downward wipe with the nib and you 'll soon get it . whatever you do , do n't use `` writing '' on paper as a way of making the pen have flow . it 's not a ballpoint ! you 'll wear down your nib which needs inky lubrication to perform well . sure ! your pen needs to have ink flow stimulated by some form of `` suction '' . the easiest and gentlest method i 've found is to ball up a kleenex and run it very gently with the smooth side of the nib . just gently `` wipe '' the nib in a downward motion until you see ink in the kleenex . then try to gently `` write '' on the kleenex with the pen . if you get no lines , just keep the gentle downward wipe with the nib and you 'll soon get it . whatever you do , do n't use `` writing '' on paper as a way of making the pen have flow . it 's not a ballpoint ! you 'll ... » read more sure ! your pen needs to have ink flow stimulated by some form of `` suction '' . the easiest and gentlest method i 've found is to ball up a kleenex and run it very gently with the smooth side of the nib . just gently `` wipe '' the nib in a downward motion until you see ink in the kleenex . then try to gently `` write '' on the kleenex with the pen . if you get no lines , just keep the gentle downward wipe with the nib and you 'll soon get it . whatever you do , do n't use `` writing '' on paper as a way of making the pen have flow . it 's not a ballpoint ! you 'll wear down your nib which needs inky lubrication to perform well . « show less
it depends on the brand of the pens that i have , for example , if i have sheaffer brand pen , i have to buy a a sheaffer converter , but if you ask about the mother of pearl pen will by any ink converter that is fits to it .
book repair tape is thicker than the paper used to make lanterns . it is mostly used to fix spine issues on books . i would instead look into mending tissue ( another bookbinding product ) , or depending on how severe the issue is another type of thin , flexible tape . hope that helps !
it 's definitely not plastic , i think it 's a heavy paper and linen blend . i 'm happy with it .
my box of it says 1 '' x 98 ' . i 'm not sure about the length of the 2 '' wide tape . but i think it 's probably a very generous amount if it 's similar to my 1 '' -wide tape .
1 time use only .
i have a lexmark pro 715 all in one and it works in that just fine .
the capacity of 100xl is higher than an average 150 ink cartridge . they do have a 150xl also , where the capacity is higher ... ..
i 'm looking at my box and in no way does it mention cyan . maybe the seller is confused and showing the right box but wrong ink color . there is n't two colors in that type box , only room for one . i would definately ask 1st before i buy . hope this helps ! : )
i can not answer your question because i do not know very much about different printers
we have samples available to send so you can see the true color , if you are interested . each device will have different color due to resolution differences so that is a difficult question to answer . this one is quite dark .
hello . there is a dimensional drawing to the left of the main pic . please click on it to enlarge .
no it did n't . but fine , solid furniture .
it is on the tall side . the little cubbies will not work for dvd or cable boxes . the lower shelves would though .
hi , sorry for this late response but i wanted to check it by myself with my printer.personally i scan my document using microsoft `` paint '' and it is only a picture application.you can save your document in several format but none in text format.by definition a scanner is supposed to produce images and unless you use a optical character recognition software i do n't think that you will make it.i am sorry , i afraid that i was not very helpful but it is only what i can tell you for now.however i am going to poke around , if i can find out something i will inform you.have a good daymb hi , sorry for this late response but i wanted to check it by myself with my printer.personally i scan my document using microsoft `` paint '' and it is only a picture application.you can save your document in several format but none in text format.by definition a scanner is supposed to produce images and unless you use a optical character recognition software i do n't think that you will make it.i am sorry , i afraid that i was not very helpful but it is only what i can tell you for now.however i am going to poke around , if i can find out something i ... » read more hi , sorry for this late response but i wanted to check it by myself with my printer.personally i scan my document using microsoft `` paint '' and it is only a picture application.you can save your document in several format but none in text format.by definition a scanner is supposed to produce images and unless you use a optical character recognition software i do n't think that you will make it.i am sorry , i afraid that i was not very helpful but it is only what i can tell you for now.however i am going to poke around , if i can find out something i will inform you.have a good daymb « show less
it does not copy 11x17
it works with a mac just fine , but physically does n't print on letter-size envelopes .
on the machine , press copy , then option on the screen on top , then paper size , then legal then start ...
i have n't attempted a duplex scan so i do n't know whether it does or not . it will make copies .
i have only used standard bond paper , but unless it is particularly thick i would think it should work.if you check at the mfr web site http : www.brother-usa.com ... go to support put in the model number and you should be able to pull up the manual >
yes it 's compatible with windows xpit continues to print when 1 cartridge is empty .
i put them on a ped and post like in a bass boat
they came exactly as pictured . the hinges are junk though but seats themselves , are pretty good
yes it 's very easy to use . you can make your folders and names
pc
the neatdesk is a scanner and you can scan your recipe 's , however it is an image and not typed text , so it may not be edited .
the neat software is good , do not waste the money on additional software . plus that company does n't provide it , the software is a scam , amazon ended up providing me with the software at their expense just for my satisfaction . amazon is great !
it 's only a year and a half . i got it from amazon
yes it is flexible
the calendar is 8 1 2 x 11 .
it will fit . it is just a touch bigger than a sheet of paper . if you have big writing ( like me ) , i would recommend something a little bigger . hope this helps . : )
yes on both
8 refills
yes it comes with and 40ml for about 10 refills for the regular cartridge . it really works and its so easy to use .
hello ! while i ca n't speak for everyone , we have had an awesome experience with this refill ! we are on our second refill & the printer 's performance is fine ( as it has been performing we purchased ir ) . i ca n't imagine ever buying two ink cartridges for the price of a printer again . hope this helps . : )
i never did .
i was able to use my existing cartridge
yes it worked on my 4500. but is difficult to get right . did n't get that many prints per refill . but the other reviews state it works great as long as you follow the instructions exactly . i swear i did but had issues each time
it should twist off if you twist it counterclockwise to the syringe , it came off pretty easily for me
you will need the color ink kit for the correct template ; i would recommend another complete inktec kit over those little $ 2 accordion-plunger ink kits . i mean really , just consider how nicely designed , documented and well-engineered the inktec kit is - right down to the packaging ; it felt like unboxing a crisp late model smartphone .
pen is silver , not the ink
it 's a hair over 5 - 1 2 inches long .
mine came in a box ( which i immediately threw away because the pen went into my purse ) . that said , i did buy mine a while back . the top screws off to replace the ballpoint cartridge . the pen point extends with a twist of the top instead of a click .
i believe only with a pc attached ( wirelessly or otherwise ) and the pc does the emailing . printer wo n't send emails stand-alone
yes to both , though it helps some people to connect via usb temporarily for initial setup . see my 4-star review titled `` do n't update the firmware '' for more information on setup .
yes it is compatible . i do n't know the resolution but the copies are very clear if the paper does n't jam . you ca n't put a lot of paper in at one time . worst inconvenient copier i have bought from samsung and we owned everything from this manufacturer both for home and business .
it does n't speak .
i help my friend bought it , i think the screen is too small .
the print quality is as good as one should expect from an oem and yield is also on par with my expectations . i do n't have the exact number of page counts per cartridge as i have n't kept track using the printer settings , but perhaps i should to see how close i can get to the 2100 sheet claim .
no error message with cannon . my experience is that hewlett-parckard ( hp ) will annoy you with this message .
if your image class uses canon 128 toner cartridges , then yes . if you 're looking for someone to go look up this information for you , perhaps you can just open your printer and see if the toner says `` 128 '' anywhere on it .
yes just be sure you search with your model number these are great . i was paying 125.00 each for these toner cartridges and i can not tell any difference in the quality of printing . i would recommend them to anyone .
approx . 2,500 copies
i do n't understand the question . but the cartridge i bought is very good at a smile price . i recommend .
yes and no there is n't any thing special you need . ps : this is one of the best printers i have had .
both work just exactly the same , just the capacity is different , so choose based on your print volume
having used non hp ink in the printer error messages kept popping up and the printer would not work . using the hp website as a fix was useless and a waste of time . i took a suggestion from a computer geek who told me to delete all the hp printer software , which i did . i then reinstalled the software with downloads from the hp website . guess what - the printer works as it should and i am a happy camper again .
not that i know of . however , i like my hp envy . it air prints from my iphone and ipad and is small enough to carry on trips when i need to use a printer to make copies or print documents from ipad or computer . it also makes very good color pictures . i especially like the fact that it will print double sided copies . i do not have as many choices of paper sizes from my hallmark card program , but i have a large hp all in one office jet that is several years old that has ( and still does ) served me well for any other printing i need . i got this mainly for the versatility , portability and wireless capabilities , and it is meeting those needs . not that i know of . however , i like my hp envy . it air prints from my iphone and ipad and is small enough to carry on trips when i need to use a printer to make copies or print documents from ipad or computer . it also makes very good color pictures . i especially like the fact that it will print double sided copies . i do not have as many choices of paper sizes from my hallmark card program , but i have a large hp all in one office jet that is several years old that has ( and still does ) served me well for any other printing i need . i got this mainly for the versatility , portability and ... » read more not that i know of . however , i like my hp envy . it air prints from my iphone and ipad and is small enough to carry on trips when i need to use a printer to make copies or print documents from ipad or computer . it also makes very good color pictures . i especially like the fact that it will print double sided copies . i do not have as many choices of paper sizes from my hallmark card program , but i have a large hp all in one office jet that is several years old that has ( and still does ) served me well for any other printing i need . i got this mainly for the versatility , portability and wireless capabilities , and it is meeting those needs . « show less
ink jet
go to maintenance ... .alignment and clean printer heads hope this does the job !
i am not selling it . i am pleased with it and i am still using it .
when you get ready to print , go to settings , select quality , choose draft black , then when you select the number of copies , press black , for black print only.hope this makes sense .
i just read this post from the product review section on amazon from `` traveler '' . hope this section of his review helps with your problem as well.djupdate january 23 , 2012 : after over 5 hours with the hp help center , not arriving at a solution to the printing errors and scanning problems , i was ready to return the printer to hp . however , i persevered . the printing was perfect as long as i did not let the error messages bother me . the scanner was not functional . then a few days ago , i came up with an idea . ipv6 has been in the news lately due to the lack of internet addresses under ipv4 . i wondered if my laptop and desktop were using the same ip versions . sue enough , the laptop that did not have problems was using ipv4 and the desktop had ipv4 and ipv6 activated . so , i disabled ipv6 . ever since , the printing errors have disappeared and the scanning functions perfectly ! yeah ! i am not ready to declare 'victory ' yet , but after a few days , everything is still good . so , i will raise the product rating from 3 to 4. too bad that the hp help center and their diagnostic software could not have saved me so many hours of frustration . i just read this post from the product review section on amazon from `` traveler '' . hope this section of his review helps with your problem as well.djupdate january 23 , 2012 : after over 5 hours with the hp help center , not arriving at a solution to the printing errors and scanning problems , i was ready to return the printer to hp . however , i persevered . the printing was perfect as long as i did not let the error messages bother me . the scanner was not functional . then a few days ago , i came up with an idea . ipv6 has been in the news lately due to ... » read more i just read this post from the product review section on amazon from `` traveler '' . hope this section of his review helps with your problem as well.djupdate january 23 , 2012 : after over 5 hours with the hp help center , not arriving at a solution to the printing errors and scanning problems , i was ready to return the printer to hp . however , i persevered . the printing was perfect as long as i did not let the error messages bother me . the scanner was not functional . then a few days ago , i came up with an idea . ipv6 has been in the news lately due to the lack of internet addresses under ipv4 . i wondered if my laptop and desktop were using the same ip versions . sue enough , the laptop that did not have problems was using ipv4 and the desktop had ipv4 and ipv6 activated . so , i disabled ipv6 . ever since , the printing errors have disappeared and the scanning functions perfectly ! yeah ! i am not ready to declare 'victory ' yet , but after a few days , everything is still good . so , i will raise the product rating from 3 to 4. too bad that the hp help center and their diagnostic software could not have saved me so many hours of frustration . « show less
i defer to the previous answer . i agree that the feed path wo n't handle card stock . i 've operated ofset presses which will handle card stock . their feed function loads flat and feeds flat to and out of the impression cylinder group . my 8600 handles standard mailing envelopes flawlessly . i would n't try anything more complex than that . just remember , its ' feed path . the stock has to bend 180 degrees .
rena is wrong . it will print `` black '' using the color cartridges in a '' run out situation '' . you can replace individual cartridges . it is not necessary to replace them all at a time . replace as they run out .
no , i have n't tried that . i tried it at officemax and walgreen 's . they said that they could n't refill hp cartridges .
not if i am careful to use good ( i use hp paper ) paper . this great printer will feed envelopes very well . i use that feature to play around with fonts for christmas cards and gifts . while looking for a good printer for another location i i had bad results with several of the highest rated ( by consumer 's union ) hp printers . this happened in a very dry climate using old paper . i bought new paper and still had feed problems with other hp models . when trying this ( 8600 ) - the feed problems just went away . i believe the dry climate drys and stiffens the paper , taxing any printer 's feed system . if you are in a dry ( or very humid ) climate , read all hp instructions about paper storage , loading and feeding . one other problem i brought on myself at the dry climate location - i bought the 8600 at a retailer ( big box store ) . never again . i bought my latest 8600 directly from hp to get hp support . best printer decision i ever made . hp warranty and support is world class or better and the first year support is free . i 've extended my hardware and hp system support . next best money i ever spent . hope this helps you . not if i am careful to use good ( i use hp paper ) paper . this great printer will feed envelopes very well . i use that feature to play around with fonts for christmas cards and gifts . while looking for a good printer for another location i i had bad results with several of the highest rated ( by consumer 's union ) hp printers . this happened in a very dry climate using old paper . i bought new paper and still had feed problems with other hp models . when trying this ( 8600 ) - the feed problems just went away . i believe the dry climate drys and stiffens the paper , taxing any printer 's feed system ... . » read more not if i am careful to use good ( i use hp paper ) paper . this great printer will feed envelopes very well . i use that feature to play around with fonts for christmas cards and gifts . while looking for a good printer for another location i i had bad results with several of the highest rated ( by consumer 's union ) hp printers . this happened in a very dry climate using old paper . i bought new paper and still had feed problems with other hp models . when trying this ( 8600 ) - the feed problems just went away . i believe the dry climate drys and stiffens the paper , taxing any printer 's feed system . if you are in a dry ( or very humid ) climate , read all hp instructions about paper storage , loading and feeding . one other problem i brought on myself at the dry climate location - i bought the 8600 at a retailer ( big box store ) . never again . i bought my latest 8600 directly from hp to get hp support . best printer decision i ever made . hp warranty and support is world class or better and the first year support is free . i 've extended my hardware and hp system support . next best money i ever spent . hope this helps you . « show less
no . hp does this on purpose . i managed to print in black only with one non-oem black toner cartridge , but even though i still had oem color cartridges when i would print in color the hues were all messed up , and it was not from too much or too little black , but because the color toners were `` malfunctioning . '' when i emailed hp 's executive response address about this ( via their website ) , one of their support people called me and confirmed that you have to use hp oem cartridges . the cartridges have chips in them and so far nobody has been able to hack them to fool the printer into thinking they 're oem , especially when you 're connected online . the printers communicate with hp , which you can see simply from the fact that when you load fresh oem cartridges hp thanks you for it and offers you meaningless `` deals . '' my solution : i bought a brother printer work smart mfcj870dw wireless color inkjet all-in-one printer with scanner , copier and fax ( also through amazon ) . it 's not as nice as the hp , but it does all the same functions and costs about one-third as much to operate . now my hp pro 8600 sits in my storeroom gathering dust . maybe i 'll donate it to charity . but as long as hp continues their current policy , they are not getting anymore of my money . no . hp does this on purpose . i managed to print in black only with one non-oem black toner cartridge , but even though i still had oem color cartridges when i would print in color the hues were all messed up , and it was not from too much or too little black , but because the color toners were `` malfunctioning . '' when i emailed hp 's executive response address about this ( via their website ) , one of their support people called me and confirmed that you have to use hp oem cartridges . the cartridges have chips in them and so far nobody has been able to hack them to fool the printer into ... » read more no . hp does this on purpose . i managed to print in black only with one non-oem black toner cartridge , but even though i still had oem color cartridges when i would print in color the hues were all messed up , and it was not from too much or too little black , but because the color toners were `` malfunctioning . '' when i emailed hp 's executive response address about this ( via their website ) , one of their support people called me and confirmed that you have to use hp oem cartridges . the cartridges have chips in them and so far nobody has been able to hack them to fool the printer into thinking they 're oem , especially when you 're connected online . the printers communicate with hp , which you can see simply from the fact that when you load fresh oem cartridges hp thanks you for it and offers you meaningless `` deals . '' my solution : i bought a brother printer work smart mfcj870dw wireless color inkjet all-in-one printer with scanner , copier and fax ( also through amazon ) . it 's not as nice as the hp , but it does all the same functions and costs about one-third as much to operate . now my hp pro 8600 sits in my storeroom gathering dust . maybe i 'll donate it to charity . but as long as hp continues their current policy , they are not getting anymore of my money . « show less
it 's 950 for black and white
i just measured mine , it 's 8.5 '' by 14 '' edge to edge .
yes , on the top of the paper tray is a slidey out thing , with a spring loaded catcher thingy . this happily takes your printouts and prevents them flying out of the printer .
there is a setting , not on the printer itself , but in the software - select hp8600 , then `` scan a document '' , then adf , then check the box for `` scan both sides '' . yes , you can do so .
19.4 inches x 12.4 inches x 16.3 inches ; 21 pounds
the back of the printer has a port for a standard phone fax line , which is supplied with the printer . this fax line has only two contacts instead of the stardard 4 that most phone lines have . connect this to the proper port and run the fax setup program from the touch panal on the printer . if this is a dedicated and separate line you should be good . if it a shared line with distinctive ring you will need to set the number of rings before the fax comes through . this may take some playing with to get it right . follow the instructions in the setup program . good luck . printer works great in all functions . the back of the printer has a port for a standard phone fax line , which is supplied with the printer . this fax line has only two contacts instead of the stardard 4 that most phone lines have . connect this to the proper port and run the fax setup program from the touch panal on the printer . if this is a dedicated and separate line you should be good . if it a shared line with distinctive ring you will need to set the number of rings before the fax comes through . this may take some playing with to get it right . follow the instructions in the setup program . good luck . printer works great in all ... » read more the back of the printer has a port for a standard phone fax line , which is supplied with the printer . this fax line has only two contacts instead of the stardard 4 that most phone lines have . connect this to the proper port and run the fax setup program from the touch panal on the printer . if this is a dedicated and separate line you should be good . if it a shared line with distinctive ring you will need to set the number of rings before the fax comes through . this may take some playing with to get it right . follow the instructions in the setup program . good luck . printer works great in all functions . « show less
yes it does , into jpeg or pdf file .
i 'm having the same problem . i just rebooted it and used it for a while , browsing the embedded web server , then watched it go dead as soon as it entered sleep mode . i woke it up by tapping the touchscreen but it still does n't reconnect . its wireless status screen shows it connected with an ip address . pinging that ip address gets no response . very frustrating.update : rebooting my netgear n600 ( model wndr3700 ) router seemed to fix the problem , even after the printer went back into sleep mode .
all these answers seem right , but if you want the flexibility of having an extra tray fordifferent size paper or envelopes you can purchase it from hphttp : www.shopping.hp.com en_us home-office - products accessories paper-trays cn548afor about us $ 80
hi mary , i will answer this if you only have one tray and then if you bought the optional 2nd tray as i did.with only 1 tray take out the paper and place your envelopes in . then adjust the sides and fron of the tray to fit your envelopes . i place mine face down in the center of the tray . then when you go to your word processor , you select print envelopes and follow the instructions . when you go to print select the envelope you are using adn the position . i use word and it would allow to place the envelopes to the left , middle , or right hand.if you have the optional tray 2 ( it must be the bottom tray ) you need to place your regular paper in that tray and setup that tray to be the default tray . then you can keep envelopes in tray 1 the uppermost tray . when you go to print an envelope you select tray 1. you can also set your printer up to know that tray 1 is envelopes and tray 2 is 8.5 x 11 paper . then most programs know to use tray 1 if you are printing an envelope . hope this helps . sorry i could n't answer earlier . hi mary , i will answer this if you only have one tray and then if you bought the optional 2nd tray as i did.with only 1 tray take out the paper and place your envelopes in . then adjust the sides and fron of the tray to fit your envelopes . i place mine face down in the center of the tray . then when you go to your word processor , you select print envelopes and follow the instructions . when you go to print select the envelope you are using adn the position . i use word and it would allow to place the envelopes to the left , middle , or right hand.if you have the optional tray 2 ( it ... » read more hi mary , i will answer this if you only have one tray and then if you bought the optional 2nd tray as i did.with only 1 tray take out the paper and place your envelopes in . then adjust the sides and fron of the tray to fit your envelopes . i place mine face down in the center of the tray . then when you go to your word processor , you select print envelopes and follow the instructions . when you go to print select the envelope you are using adn the position . i use word and it would allow to place the envelopes to the left , middle , or right hand.if you have the optional tray 2 ( it must be the bottom tray ) you need to place your regular paper in that tray and setup that tray to be the default tray . then you can keep envelopes in tray 1 the uppermost tray . when you go to print an envelope you select tray 1. you can also set your printer up to know that tray 1 is envelopes and tray 2 is 8.5 x 11 paper . then most programs know to use tray 1 if you are printing an envelope . hope this helps . sorry i could n't answer earlier . « show less
the auto-feed tray has an adjustable mechanism to keep a stack of documents aligned for sequential pick up of both single and double-sided documents . the capability to auto-feed works for copying , scanning , and faxing . the specifications for the pro 8600 premium indicates that the tray has a 50-sheet capacity . i think the quantity is for `` regular '' printer paper and not for photo paper . photo paper may stick to other photos and to the auto-feed mechanism too so exercise care in its use or manually load on the flat panel for more precious or delicate photos .
i have the same problem sporadically . i pull out the power chord and wait a few seconds and put the plug back in . it helps sometimes . another is to reset to default . i am not happy with this printer because of this . if you find another procedure that helps please let me know . emoryacct @ gmail.com
from memory so please do not hold me to details . the 8600 series begins with a fairly basic model and works up through a number of add on features . at the time i bought , there was a deal on extra ink that covered the added cost . note that i bought from a local business supply store .at a minimum i want fax , copy and scan . i have wire and wireless connect and also important to me was two storage trays . http : www.hp.com hpinfo newsroom press_kits 2011 innovationforimpact oj8600_series_featuresguide.pdfhas the details on each model.hp officejet pro 8600 premium e-all-in-oneall the features of the 8600 plus product , plus:250-sheet input tray 2extra color ink supplies50-sheet hp brochure glossy mediareadiris™ pro 12 advanced ocrsoftware from memory so please do not hold me to details . the 8600 series begins with a fairly basic model and works up through a number of add on features . at the time i bought , there was a deal on extra ink that covered the added cost . note that i bought from a local business supply store .at a minimum i want fax , copy and scan . i have wire and wireless connect and also important to me was two storage trays . http : www.hp.com hpinfo newsroom press_kits 2011 innovationforimpact oj8600_series_featuresguide.pdfhas the details on each model.hp officejet pro 8600 ... » read more from memory so please do not hold me to details . the 8600 series begins with a fairly basic model and works up through a number of add on features . at the time i bought , there was a deal on extra ink that covered the added cost . note that i bought from a local business supply store .at a minimum i want fax , copy and scan . i have wire and wireless connect and also important to me was two storage trays . http : www.hp.com hpinfo newsroom press_kits 2011 innovationforimpact oj8600_series_featuresguide.pdfhas the details on each model.hp officejet pro 8600 premium e-all-in-oneall the features of the 8600 plus product , plus:250-sheet input tray 2extra color ink supplies50-sheet hp brochure glossy mediareadiris™ pro 12 advanced ocrsoftware « show less
yes , it has small capacity ink cartridges that can get you started .
yes , but when i did it ; it was not my intention and i do n't know what i did to enlarge the photo . i know that 's only half an answer but i have n't had the need to do so . you can google your question and get a better answer than i provided here . sorry - i will say , it has been a great printer for two-sided scanning copying and the auto feed is great . the ink is expensive but i have only changed the cartridges once in two years and i am a rn student and do a lot of printing . good luck !
the pro 8600 will print in black or grayscale if one or more of the color cartridges are empty .
well , i 'm not sure this is in the form of a question ( jeopardy ) but i 'll assume that the question is , can the scanner scan to ocr files . the answer to that question is yes . it is an extra service you load from one of the cd 's that come with the copier . the scan to text software is pretty good .
yes
seat adjustment range 17-23.5 inches
it 's hard plastic like the material a school chair is made of .
that seems to be the only way to do it . it come with a refillable cartridge . be sure to get good ink . i was using private reserve and it was beginning to clog my pens because of the amount of dye material . herbst and chesterfield are very good . i write exclusively in brown .
i believe this is normal . the cap is push on and pull off and needs a little effort . this keeps the cap from coming off in a shirt pocket or purse .
hello，from the china
not a problem for me . smooth process
it has a usb interface to a pc . it is not a network scanner . you can set it to auto save scans to a network drive mount on the connected pc .
i use it for both on a daily basis with no issues .
it works with both mac and windows .
oh , yes . there is an admittedly too small , subtle and buried box to check for multiple and or dual sided ( in one pass ) scans . no trouble at all . the api dashboard configuration tool for setting the processes up is a bit clunky for this scanner , but once learned , quite sufficient for about any scanning process you want . very flexible , but not always the easiest or most intuitive . about the only fundamental failure is that it is not a flatbed . it is a progressive scanner - and the feeder is pretty good ( not perfect ... ) .
yes this printer is wireless and works with 64bit windows 7
no , but free ocr software is readily available online .
no , it does n't . however , i found this printer easy to get on line and to use the scan and other functions . all my prior printers were hp and a lot more difficult to deal with .
i did n't have this one set-up for wifi but just set it up and printed from my iphone so i 'm sure it will print from your ipad .
mine does not
lexmark factory packed . cartridges work great ...
yes , that 's the same printer i have
when i look up your printer i see 155xl as the ink cartridges , i just typed in your pro 915 and amazon brings up the printer and ink , be sure before you buy ... ... ..i bought mine through amazon for my printerthe xl only means they have a higher yield of printing
i 'm not sure how many will fit but we have about 20 .
we do n't have this one any longer because of a lightning zap , however , we regularly took it out to the chicken coops with us , which are from 75-90 ' from the house as well as down the 200 ' driveway . it did n't begin cutting out until we left the driveway on the way to the mailbox . you do not need a phone jack for the second phone , if i recall .
that depends on the tv 's resolution . it looks fine on mime .
a normal 8 1 2 x 11. you are limited in width but not length . just change the orientation of your scanner .
you just slide the scanner across the receipt . i had no problems , but you will need to buy a memory card .
yes . on top of scanner is a button that says c bw and shows up on the scanner screen as color . mono for black and white . push the button for which one you want .
i 've used it to copy special books that could not be checked out from the library ( these were reference books ) . but if i had valuable , collectible books i would not use it because you have to bend the spine back . hope this helps .
yes , there is a usb cable provided that links the scanner to the computer .
the sd memory card is good to have as a back up . and portable for instant scanning on the go . as for using 24 '' inch usb cord and scan directly to your pc is not impossible but difficult . easy just to have a sd card at least a 4 gig and scan and just transfer the stored images back to your pc when you 're done . i have a 8 gig sd card it handles all my needs . good luck i hope this helped you .
certainly does
yes , this scanner makes it easy to scan such things from books . however , remember the highest resolution you get is 600dpi . if that 's adequate then you 'd love the portability of this device .
file are saved as jpg only , but , of course , you can easily convert jpg to pdf with acrobat pro or other programs . i was really surprised by the quality of picture with this little scanner . i use it basically for my research work in libraries , e.g. , you 're reading an article and find some data or graph that you would like to keep for future reference and it 's very easily and fast to store that in your little device .
yes .
they do tend to have a plastic smell at first , but it went away in a day or so . but if not , why not try spraying it with a mix of a cup of white vinegar to 3 cups of water ? vinegar takes care of a lot of things . good luck !
i 'm not a fan of it for plush carpets since it 's a soft plastic ; chairs leave large dents in it , making it hard to move around on if you have a chair with wheels . on my plush carpet , the chair moves around better without the mat . the mat does protect the chair wheels from getting string and lint on the axels however .
19 inches width and 10 '' length hopes this helps
this is a carpet floor mat . use only on carpeted floors . the one i ordered stunk to high heaven . after a month , even after being outside most of the time , it still smells . order at your own peril .
i think it would work very well , mine has not moved sense i put it down and i have lot 's of traffic on it .
i do n't feel like i can answer your question honestly i have no way to compare them together . i can say i 'm happy with the brothers the ink is a big part do n't use much and they are less expensive compared to some of the other printers and ink i have purchased .
yes ... as long as there 's paper in the tray . mine is on wireless in my studio at home and i can print from my ipad while sitting in the living room . you do have to already have wifi or if not , you 'll need to switch to it.i love that convenience .
this is our third brother machine , which we purchased for the home . the other two are in our office . all if them , and specifically this model for hone use , perform excellently in scanning , printing and copying . we use the scanner for images and documents that need to be emailed . you can set up you own preferences for scan types and defaults . there are four main scanning types to set up : color , grey-scale , black and white , and custom . each has a default you can change . in addition , you can scan to jpeg , pdf , bmp , etc . although i only use the jpeg and pdf settings . i have used it for images that need to be manipulated in photoshop , which i scan up at 600dpi for my use . i think it 's passable for my use ( documents and small photo work ) . this is our third brother machine , which we purchased for the home . the other two are in our office . all if them , and specifically this model for hone use , perform excellently in scanning , printing and copying . we use the scanner for images and documents that need to be emailed . you can set up you own preferences for scan types and defaults . there are four main scanning types to set up : color , grey-scale , black and white , and custom . each has a default you can change . in addition , you can scan to jpeg , pdf , bmp , etc . although i only use the jpeg and pdf settings . i have used it for images ... » read more this is our third brother machine , which we purchased for the home . the other two are in our office . all if them , and specifically this model for hone use , perform excellently in scanning , printing and copying . we use the scanner for images and documents that need to be emailed . you can set up you own preferences for scan types and defaults . there are four main scanning types to set up : color , grey-scale , black and white , and custom . each has a default you can change . in addition , you can scan to jpeg , pdf , bmp , etc . although i only use the jpeg and pdf settings . i have used it for images that need to be manipulated in photoshop , which i scan up at 600dpi for my use . i think it 's passable for my use ( documents and small photo work ) . « show less
brother sent me this process ... ... ... ... ... .http : www.brother-usa.com faqs solution.aspx ? faqid=200000033369
works very good for me .
this printer has both a usb connection and scans . the usb connection is beneath a flap on the top of the printer ( as i recall ) , and the scanning is mediated by the control center utility program . i have never used the usb connection on my printer , though my daughter routinely uses her 's . the scanning is great .
i know it is wireless via wifi , but i do n't know if it has blue tooth
deena , yes it should be compatible , it is listed in the specs sheet here : http : welcome.brother.com sg-en products-services multi-function-centres mfc-j430w.tab2.htmlscroll down to `` software '' .if you have problems , you can refer to this : http : www.brother-usa.com faqs solution.aspx ? faqid=200000028989 & i have not used my printer on mac , only linux ( ubuntu ) and windows , but i think it should work just fine on mac .
the j430w uses one black and three separate colour cartridges in either standard capacity ( lc71 cartridges ) or high capacity ( lc75 ) .
9 cart total all 80ml = t5801 , t5802 , t580a , t5804 , t5805 , t580b , t5807 , t5808 , t5809
my kit included all nine
pretty sure they are genuine epson cartridges , i would trust adorama . just does n't look like they have the boxes ...
of course depends on how much you print ... i find they seem to last depending on color ... light magenta runs out first -- - i 'd say you could print 30 size 13 x 19 pages on average ...
timewise approx 6 months
yes , the ink is the same for the 3800 and the 3800 pro . as a matter of fact , if you look at the cartridges that came with the pro they should be the same numbers as in this replacement pack.stylus pro 3800 printer , power cord , documentation , cd-rom containing printer drivers and software ( windows and macintosh ) .the epson stylus pro 3800 ships with the following epson ultrachrome k3 ink : photo black ( t580100 ) , matte black ( t580800 ) , light black ( t580700 ) , light light black ( t580900 ) , cyan ( t580200 ) , light cyan ( t580500 ) , magenta ( t580300 ) , light magenta ( t580600 ) , yellow ( t580400 ) . yes , the ink is the same for the 3800 and the 3800 pro . as a matter of fact , if you look at the cartridges that came with the pro they should be the same numbers as in this replacement pack.stylus pro 3800 printer , power cord , documentation , cd-rom containing printer drivers and software ( windows and macintosh ) .the epson stylus pro 3800 ships with the following epson ultrachrome k3 ink : photo black ( t580100 ) , matte black ( t580800 ) , light black ( t580700 ) , light light black ( t580900 ) , cyan ( t580200 ) , light cyan ( t580500 ) , magenta ( t580300 ) , light magenta ( t580600 ) , yellow ... » read more yes , the ink is the same for the 3800 and the 3800 pro . as a matter of fact , if you look at the cartridges that came with the pro they should be the same numbers as in this replacement pack.stylus pro 3800 printer , power cord , documentation , cd-rom containing printer drivers and software ( windows and macintosh ) .the epson stylus pro 3800 ships with the following epson ultrachrome k3 ink : photo black ( t580100 ) , matte black ( t580800 ) , light black ( t580700 ) , light light black ( t580900 ) , cyan ( t580200 ) , light cyan ( t580500 ) , magenta ( t580300 ) , light magenta ( t580600 ) , yellow ( t580400 ) . « show less
t580a00 will not work with the 3800 , nor will the t580b00 . the magenta cartridges for the epson 3800 printer are t580300 and t580600 .
i do n't have a real specific answer , except -- there are expiration dates on them . and i 've used them after the date and the prints have been fine . i 've also had cartridges in my printer for a year and a half -- and while they 've needed more head cleaning -- the prints have been great . obviously , the best thing is to buy as you need them .
564
i do n't know ... i got rid of this printer fast ! i hated it ! it was way too complicated for my needs !
not true . they weigh almost exactly the same as the paper that they are printed on . in fact , the addition of the ink from the printer makes them just slightly heavier but not enough that is noticeable .
nope , but it 's a darn good printer as far as everything else
if you are looking to print pictures then yes . if you are looking to only print black and white there are cheaper options . this does print beautiful pictures though .
this printer can do it all . best printer we had so far . it has wirelss capability , you can even print it any where in the world , just sent it thru email and it print it for you . to answer your question , yes you can hook up to your computer vie cable .
yes
well , after a lengthy online chat with hp these 2 printers are identical except for color . one is in brown and one is in black . i suggested that it would be so much easier on the customer if hp would just use the same model # for both and just let you choose what color . what a waste of a morning .
just lift up the lid and the scanner
yes it does
had to get rid of ours ... to much drama
answer here ... yes . but u. ve to press the yellow button
no
there is a code in the book that came with it , that you scan . you have to enter program mode first , then scan the code . i 'm not sure which one it is , but you can try several options until it works .
i just plugged this right in with no setup . it types out what the number is of the upc says to it . if you click your mouse in the entry box where you want the info , you just wave the upc code under the scanner and it will fill it right in .
i have n't had any problem with my esky usb automatic barcode scanner . i recommend you contact esky about it . here are some contacts for them . website esky usb automatic barcode scanner . address 33442 western avenue , union city , california 94587. telephone 1-888-530-9912 or 510-477-0249. they are available 9am-6pm pacific time monday through friday . you can email them at service @ eskynow.comsorry i ca n't be of more help.books games and more ( bob jones )
yes , this printer is compatible with windows 7. it may seem difficult to deal with but the help action with the officejet 4500 is very good . use it if you get stuck .
yes i believe it does . this printer is a discontinued item in stores and the only printer that uses the 901 ink cartridges , fyi
yes , it is wireless and does enlarge and reduce . i did not keep it because it has been discontinued and difficulty with getting cartridges
i would not call it a `` pull out '' basket . the bin is a separate piece from the shredder . the shredding unit sits on top of the bin , and will not operate unless it is firmly in place . to empty the bin you have to lift the shredder off the top . it is quite top-heavy , and a bit cumbersome , and it 's hard not to get tiny shreds of paper all over . i think this is pretty standard for shredders like this in general . i usually unplug it and take the whole thing into the garage to empty it . in fact , i put the whole thing bin and all into a plastic garbage bag before i separate the two parts , so the confetti is contained in the bag . i would not call it a `` pull out '' basket . the bin is a separate piece from the shredder . the shredding unit sits on top of the bin , and will not operate unless it is firmly in place . to empty the bin you have to lift the shredder off the top . it is quite top-heavy , and a bit cumbersome , and it 's hard not to get tiny shreds of paper all over . i think this is pretty standard for shredders like this in general . i usually unplug it and take the whole thing into the garage to empty it . in fact , i put the whole thing bin and all into a plastic garbage bag before i separate the two parts , ... » read more i would not call it a `` pull out '' basket . the bin is a separate piece from the shredder . the shredding unit sits on top of the bin , and will not operate unless it is firmly in place . to empty the bin you have to lift the shredder off the top . it is quite top-heavy , and a bit cumbersome , and it 's hard not to get tiny shreds of paper all over . i think this is pretty standard for shredders like this in general . i usually unplug it and take the whole thing into the garage to empty it . in fact , i put the whole thing bin and all into a plastic garbage bag before i separate the two parts , so the confetti is contained in the bag . « show less
i purchased these sheets : universal - shredder lubricant sheets , 8-1 2 '' x 6 '' , 36 sheets pack from on here . they are a pkg of 36 single use sheets . you feed 1 sheet in and when it shreds reverse the blades for a few seconds . the sheets have lubricant embedded in them . they work like a charm . i use 1 sheet each month for regular maintenance .
yes it will but remember to oil the shredder in order for it to last longer . the oil also helps with keeping the labels from sticking to the teeth . i have had no problems with it .
there is a safety flap that covers the opening to the shredder teeth but if your kids are very curious they will figure out how to push it open . if the top is removed the machine automatically shuts off and will not run until placed back on the basket . i do n't see how anyone could get hurt if they try to stick their fingers in the shredder slot because there are sensors inside that need to `` feel '' a paper going in to shred . then again kids put their hands in places we would not consider so it 's a tough call . bottom line is this should be placed in a separate room that the kids wo n't get at it just to be 100 % sure . there is a safety flap that covers the opening to the shredder teeth but if your kids are very curious they will figure out how to push it open . if the top is removed the machine automatically shuts off and will not run until placed back on the basket . i do n't see how anyone could get hurt if they try to stick their fingers in the shredder slot because there are sensors inside that need to `` feel '' a paper going in to shred . then again kids put their hands in places we would not consider so it 's a tough call . bottom line is this should be placed in a separate room that the kids ... » read more there is a safety flap that covers the opening to the shredder teeth but if your kids are very curious they will figure out how to push it open . if the top is removed the machine automatically shuts off and will not run until placed back on the basket . i do n't see how anyone could get hurt if they try to stick their fingers in the shredder slot because there are sensors inside that need to `` feel '' a paper going in to shred . then again kids put their hands in places we would not consider so it 's a tough call . bottom line is this should be placed in a separate room that the kids wo n't get at it just to be 100 % sure . « show less
i has not overheated up to one half hour of shredding , i stopped then because i was tired
you need to pull up the shredder , which has some weight , to empty your shred .
you would need to remove the lid and then dump the basket like a trash can .
they are very thin . 1 3 4 '' x 1 4 '' .
from my experience , yes . i usually just place the entire unopened envelope into shredder an shred it . never had a problem yet . keep in mind that you would n't want to place a really thick one and try to shred it . but so far i have n't found any junk mail that would n't shred . i think you 'll be fine .
the m551n is not capable of duplex printing . only the m551dn and the m551xh are capable of duplex printing .
no
its not a wireless printer so i am not sure if that would work . reach out to hp and you can chat with them . they can give you a definite answer
yes
no , it has never done that and i have run reams of paper through it . have you run the system utilities programs ? that might help . do you fan your paper before you put it in your paper tray ?
yes , it handles card stock and glossy card stock
we use it with both mac and windows . it works equally well with both . great printer . i highly recommend it .
mine came with a full set - and full size !
the dn will duplex the n does n't have that option
not sure as i do not see `` 507 '' on any cartridge . however , all of the numbers end in an `` a '' rather than `` x '' .
yes , according to the installation manual either voltage works .
if you are worried about the warranty , then get the unit 's serial number and call hp to confirm the dates . the printer that we bought had been unboxed , but appeared new in every other way and has worked without incident for years . this thing is heavy , so shipping and related damage might be a bigger issue . for what it 's worth , we would not hesitate to replay the buying experience again .
no , the m551dn does not include wireless networking . it comes with an ethernet network card -- that 's what the `` n '' stands for . if you can connect it via ethernet directly into a wireless router , then you would be able to communicate to the printer wirelessly through the router . but it wo n't do direct wireless printing independent of a router . if you want an hp printer with an internal wireless card , look for the `` w '' designation , not `` n '' . i do not think the m551 printer has a wireless version , by the way .
i 'm not quite sure what you standards are on `` photo quality '' , i purchased 3 of these to use for my business and it is really living up to my standards . the toner lasts a very long time for the volume that i use it , it prints very fast , and i have yet to experience any troubles with the printer . for photo printing you may look at inkjets that are more used for that level of printing . however , this is not to say that the printer does not print well . i am quite satisfied with the level of color printing quality that this printer produces .
sort of ... it has `` tray 1 '' that opens on the side and holds maybe 75 sheets and the main tray `` tray 2 '' that you see in the picture ( bottom with the blue stripe ) . for a pretty large amount of money , you can buy a third tray that holds a lot of paper . something important to note : there are several models of this printer ... best advice : get the one that duplexes the sheets . this will come in very handy .
absolutely ! they feel like normal paper on the front , so markers , pens or even crayons would be fine to use . depending on the age group of the kids , you may have to help them peel the back off if they make shapes and cut their sticker out . have fun !
yes you get ( 10 ) packs of 100 that are 8.5 '' x 11 '' sheets with 2 labels on each
i do n't see why not , they feel just like regular paper and i am sure with sharpies at least there would be no issue with drawing on them .
in front of printer open the middle where it says brother . pull out old cartridge and just slide innew cartridge . instructions are shown
no , not at all .
what part is difficult ? what part is difficult ? getting the cartridge in its cradle or getting the cartridge and cradle back in the printer ?
when you buy it , it does come with both black and color ink . but it 's said that the ink that comes with printers is not as long lasting as the ink you buy in the stores ... so it wo n't be long before you are buying some
no if you buy a used one no ink
i had a girlfriend who bought one and she had 7 and in spite of all the help from customer support , they could not get it to work .
the color was good but the printer stopped working
throw it in the garbage can this printer is the biggest piece of crap , it makes the worst picture and stains the paper all the time . buy yourself a epson printer . better quality .
yes it will . change color to greyscale . you will be ready to print black and white . of all the high end printers i have owned this one is the very best and a low price also . would recomment this to anyone and am getting ready to purchase another one for my grandson .
hi stephanie i use pg-240 & cl-241 , canon , bye bye
this is a great printer , more than worth the price . it comes with ink . that 's about it . if you 're hoping for a usb cable , sorry ; not happening . regardless , this is my 6th pixma printer ( long story ) and it 's exponentially better than previous models . just no ubs .
yes it does .
i recommend canon cl-241xl office products fine color cartridge color ink and canon pg-240xxl office products fine cartridge black ink .
6 inches tall 17.5 wide and 12 deep closed and 16 with front paper door open
yes , the machine comes with software to create and print barcodes
you need to get any size brother dk labels or tapes . they come , i believe , from about 1 2 inch to 2.4 inches wide . the labels are individual labels . the tapes are one long label that get cut to size . there are specialty labels , and tapes that are paper or film . you have lot of choices .
the installation on my windows 8.1 update machine was not smooth at all . the computer recognized the printer as a usb device but would not communicate with it . after 2 calls to tech support , the problem was escalated to their second tier support desk . the tech there was excellent and spent 1 2 hour working on my computer using remote access . the problem was printer drivers not loading and the cause was the 8.1 update load . after finally getting the computer to recognize the ql700 , he had to do a firmware update on the ql700 as there is a known problem using it on windows 8.1. he also had to do a sneaky install of the ql700 driver as if it was a lpt1 connected device and then disable it so that the usb configuration would be recognized . a convoluted process that the average user would never figure out without help ! i ca n't tell if the cause is a shortcoming in the ql700 or just another windows related problem . i suspect it 's both . the installation on my windows 8.1 update machine was not smooth at all . the computer recognized the printer as a usb device but would not communicate with it . after 2 calls to tech support , the problem was escalated to their second tier support desk . the tech there was excellent and spent 1 2 hour working on my computer using remote access . the problem was printer drivers not loading and the cause was the 8.1 update load . after finally getting the computer to recognize the ql700 , he had to do a firmware update on the ql700 as there is a known problem using it on windows 8.1. he also had to ... » read more the installation on my windows 8.1 update machine was not smooth at all . the computer recognized the printer as a usb device but would not communicate with it . after 2 calls to tech support , the problem was escalated to their second tier support desk . the tech there was excellent and spent 1 2 hour working on my computer using remote access . the problem was printer drivers not loading and the cause was the 8.1 update load . after finally getting the computer to recognize the ql700 , he had to do a firmware update on the ql700 as there is a known problem using it on windows 8.1. he also had to do a sneaky install of the ql700 driver as if it was a lpt1 connected device and then disable it so that the usb configuration would be recognized . a convoluted process that the average user would never figure out without help ! i ca n't tell if the cause is a shortcoming in the ql700 or just another windows related problem . i suspect it 's both . « show less
yes , two sizes . not big rolls though , probably about 20 labels worth .
using the p-touch editing program that comes with the machine , you might be able to do that .
yes .
the ql series uses dk labels and tapes up to 2.4-inches wide . switch label types in seconds ! brother label printers use a direct thermal printing mechanism with easy drop-in tape rolls - so there is no ribbon , ink or toner to replace . the machine automatically recognizes the roll size and adjusts the label template accordingly . the brand-specific reel allows only dk labels.brother ql-700 high-speed , professional label printer
i tried with no luck . ended up with another printer for amazon labels . have n't tried in a year so they may have changed it .
yes , the unit is very adjustable . there are less expensive alternatives if you will only be using it while sitting .
definitely not recommended for an imac . laptops are okay , imac seems too heavy
probably not
a little over a foot long wide .
yes it has a little 'shelf ' at the bottom where you can keep the chalk . i found that a chalk pen works better and is more controllable than traditional chalk
it is 13.5 inches wide and 20.5 inches high . we love ours . we hung it on a narrow space between 2 windows in the kitchen and use it all the time . highly recommend this product !
maybe 2 - 3 pounds
yes ! great idea think that would be a nice touch for any kitchen
20 in high by 13.5 inches wide
no you can not it wont stick .
the bracket itself is in two pieces , and bolted together through two holes . there are three different hole positions that allow you to expand the width of the bracket . the center holes on the bracket provide an opening of 3.5 '' . however , the screw bolt takes up ~ 1 2 '' of that leaving you with 3 '' . the holes are 1 '' apart , so if you use the last set of holes you should have room to spare .
yes . the arm bar can move the length of the height bar .
is the desk about an inch thick ? based on how i 've seen this product attach , i would say there is a very good chance that you will be able to use this . i would be cautious on the weight of the monitors . meaning : let 's not push it to the max . i 've seen very similar mounts work fairly `` cheap '' desks .
i am currently trying to mount two pb278q monitors to this , and it 's not going well . the tilt cant support the weight of the monitors , so if you barely tap them then the monitors fall forward . furthermore , 27in is just too large for this stand , even if it says it can support it - the arms have to be fully extended and theres no room for adjustment
it 's about 2.5 inches .
i just played around with it for a minute and was able to get the monitors 12 '' from the poll with my two 27 '' monitors . you will not regret buying this monitor stand .
mine does , i assume the rest do as well . only problem , if you could call it that , was when it was brand new out of the box so very tight until you work it in a bit . but then most quality stuff has this attribute .
yes , easily . the only issue you might have is the joint getting loose . if you only do it only once in a while it you should have no problems.personally i really like these stands , i have the 2 and 4 .
pretty much what you see pictured on the product page . the bars do n't telescope in and out , they only bend at all kinds of angles .
i guess you could mount apples on it , you 'd have to drill into the apple to get a bolt to fit . why do you want to hang fruit off it , that stuff will ruin it .
it depends on how much printing you do . you 'll see on the product description an estimate of the number of pages it will print . the capacity of these , i believe , does diminish as they get older and the ink dries out a bit .
yes . it should also say in the description as well..
i may be wrong but i think it means extended life , it lasts longer but i 'm not sure .
they appear to be
kaytie ... they appear to be the genuine article . i 've had absolutely no issues with them . in fact , they seem to last longer than the one 's i get from say , staples . no problems .
yes
yes , i successfully print and scan using a macbook pro laptop ( laptop using wi-fi , printer connected to the router with ethernet . ) however , i have not yet been able to get the ocr software to install on the mac .
no , turning it off will use more ink . the printer will go through a cleaning cycle every time you turn it on , and a lot of ink is used up with each cleaning cycle .
i bought the # 10 envelop attachment , the hp ce399a , which holds 75 envelopes . the manual bypass can handle maybe 10 envelopes . i do n't believe the built in trays work with envelopes . at least i could n't get that to work .
no it is not sorry .
multipurpose tray 1 can print up to 53 lbs weight according to the manufacturer 's technical specifications : http : h71016.www7.hp.com html pdfs hplaserjetenterprise600m601.pdf
toner cartridges are rated by number of pages . it depends which cartridge you use . you can look those up .
yes starter
yes
yes . the manual says up to 10 envelopes
16 '' high17 3 4 '' front to back16 3 4 '' wide
no ours is silent
one full ream or 500 sheets . it 's a great printer . i would buy it again in a heartbeat .
not by default . you have to add the duplexer . i think the model that comes with the duplexer and network ready is m602dn .
i believe you need the hp jetdirect 2700w usb wireless print server j8026a .
yes .
to be honest , i do n't remember .
according to hp this model comes with a 1 year next business day on-site limited warranty . since this is a new unit and not refurbished i see no reason why hp would n't fully honor that even if you 're buying it online as opposed to through staples or some other physical retailer .
yes , prints on both sides
yes , the x model designation means it does .
approximately a reem ( 500 pages ) each .
no . i normally only replace my black catridge .
it should but to be sure , make sure your model is listed as one that is recommended .
i believe your right , i would check the price on both and also the read the pkg of contents .
yes the canon pg-240xl cartridge will work on the mg3122 series .
canon pg-240xxlcanon pg 240xlcanon cl-241xl canon cl-241canon pg- 240
stop ! jimmy hoffa is wrong . it does work because i 'm using it right now .
yes , pg-240xl will work on the canon pixma mg2100 series as well .
fits , just a preference on cost . xl costs more at a glance but carries more ink . i have found xl to be better in long the long run .
yes , i have that printer and this is the larger black ink for it .
your best value comes with a lot of patience . earlier this year i stopped in at an office supply store ( one of the big 3 office suppliers ) and found the printer that uses this ink for $ 31.00 , and you ca n't replace the ink for that price ! other than that , i joined consumerreports.org , they do cost per month estimates on the printers they test and publish real numbers . the next consideration is how you would use the printer , i have several , including a high end photo printer which is expensive to run but it makes excellent photos in sizes up to 13 x 19 '' , and yes it is turned off most of the time . also , plan ahead on ink purchases so that you can get the ink from amazon , still the most cost effective source for printer ink . your best value comes with a lot of patience . earlier this year i stopped in at an office supply store ( one of the big 3 office suppliers ) and found the printer that uses this ink for $ 31.00 , and you ca n't replace the ink for that price ! other than that , i joined consumerreports.org , they do cost per month estimates on the printers they test and publish real numbers . the next consideration is how you would use the printer , i have several , including a high end photo printer which is expensive to run but it makes excellent photos in sizes up to 13 x 19 '' , and yes it is turned off most of ... » read more your best value comes with a lot of patience . earlier this year i stopped in at an office supply store ( one of the big 3 office suppliers ) and found the printer that uses this ink for $ 31.00 , and you ca n't replace the ink for that price ! other than that , i joined consumerreports.org , they do cost per month estimates on the printers they test and publish real numbers . the next consideration is how you would use the printer , i have several , including a high end photo printer which is expensive to run but it makes excellent photos in sizes up to 13 x 19 '' , and yes it is turned off most of the time . also , plan ahead on ink purchases so that you can get the ink from amazon , still the most cost effective source for printer ink . « show less
i also purchased this product and had no problems with the cartridges . i am getting quality color and black white copies . i previously purchased cartridges from other generic manufacturers and did not get the same quality . this product will be my second choice to manufacture 's product ( lexmark ) . also , i do n't think you will find a more reason price generic that will produce the same quality as this product .
i ordered this product and one of the cartridges would not work . i contacted the seller and the offered me a rebate but it was only for the amout of the percentage that equaled one of 10. i needed to order just one though to make them even and to only order one i would have to pay more the ten 's total price . they told me that they would send me a single replacement . but only when i needed more , so i would have to wait till the single one came and i would not have the capability of printing for the time it took to have processed and ship the new order . after several e-mails they agreed to send me another one at that time . it was never received . i was so fed up by then i did n't want to have to follow it through . including amazon never followed up on it so i was out $ 4.95 and had a really big head ache and 4 hours of my time . i ordered this product and one of the cartridges would not work . i contacted the seller and the offered me a rebate but it was only for the amout of the percentage that equaled one of 10. i needed to order just one though to make them even and to only order one i would have to pay more the ten 's total price . they told me that they would send me a single replacement . but only when i needed more , so i would have to wait till the single one came and i would not have the capability of printing for the time it took to have processed and ship the new order . after several e-mails they agreed to ... » read more i ordered this product and one of the cartridges would not work . i contacted the seller and the offered me a rebate but it was only for the amout of the percentage that equaled one of 10. i needed to order just one though to make them even and to only order one i would have to pay more the ten 's total price . they told me that they would send me a single replacement . but only when i needed more , so i would have to wait till the single one came and i would not have the capability of printing for the time it took to have processed and ship the new order . after several e-mails they agreed to send me another one at that time . it was never received . i was so fed up by then i did n't want to have to follow it through . including amazon never followed up on it so i was out $ 4.95 and had a really big head ache and 4 hours of my time . « show less
if your cartridges say they 're # 100 , they should . mine work just fine , they 're the same cartridges you 'd have to pay over $ 80 for in a regular store for the name brand .
100 xl contains a larger volume of ink compared to the standard cartridge therefore it yields more printing pages . so far i 've had no problems with this product . it exceeds my expectations .
yes they do . and they worked so well i ordered 3 more , not sure how long they will last compared to the expensive name brands but for the price , i do n't really care ! 9 bux versus close to 120 for the name brands !
worked just fine with my s605 ... ... ... ...
yes it should work
yes they do . we use plantronics .
scott , the x-50 system will support up to 24 individual telephones ( x-2020 ) . these will each be connected to the same ethernet subnet that the x-50 is connected to . hence , all the telephones only take up one jack on the x-50 unit . it will accept up to 6 incoming analog lines plus a fax .
it depends on if you have a network connection from store to store
yes , you are able to program all the phone to ring at the same time . i have mine set to do that .
camp on is the ability of transferring a call to a busy extension and `` camp on '' the busy extension with an alert to the `` camped on '' extension that there is a call waiting . in other words , it 's a form of call waiting , but performed on the station-side of the system , not from the `` cloud '' or network side of the system . see http : edocs.mitel.com ug draft 3300icp release_mcd_6.0 sysadmin features_standard campon_description.html for an explanation of camp on from mitel , who have been making pbx 's `` forever '' .
yes , it does print double sided .
in a word , no . the lbp7660 is a business printer . i scan some magazines using a fujistsu fi-5120c color business scanner to save storage space and to make article search easier . the lbp7660 prints perfectly fine copies when i want to print an article . but it is not a photo printer . i use and epson r2000 for that purpose . if you want a canon photo printer , take a look at the pixma pro9000 .
all 4 are included
no
this canon model has color printing capability only , but the picture and color quality of the output is exceptional . in addition , i have the canon scanner and a fax which are each separate . if you 're looking for the 3- or 4-in-1 combo , i do n't know about the quality of printing , but the canon reputation is excellent .
more like 60 pounds , shipping weight listed at 69 lbs , about 10 of that is the box . laser printers are heavy .
no it will not , you have to have all the toners up to minimums . the printer does give you ample time and warning when a toner is running low , and it will keep working until that toner is out . under normal use you should get about a year of printing , then all the toners will go out about one or two months separation . the printer is fantastic , vivid colors . alc
the large door that you see on the front opens for manual feed . it can do envelopes , labels , etc. , but they curve around , too .
do n't know about catalogs , but it prints high quality prints of photographs .
hi anne , i have never counted how many pages it prints . i use it for printing product labels . i will say that i get a lot more printing out of the cartridges for this printer ... and much better color quality , than i did on my expensive hp . i will never buy hp again . i am very happy with this ink and how much more i can get from the cartridges . these cartridges go down to the very last drop too . it can show them being empty and i will try to squeeze out what i can ... and it will continue to print until there is nothing left to give . : )
i have the mg3222 printer and the pixma 240 xl does not fit . the printer is not listed as one that can use this cartridge
i estimate between 200-250 pages .
do you accept paypal is the question . english 101 !
hello james ; i really do n't know . i have a mx512 , although it is a # 240. i use the 240xxl because it has more ink than the xl . sorry i ca n't help .
ethernet
this clock will accommodate 50-employees out of the box . additional employee licenses can be purchased if desired .
yes you can the times that are manually entered show up in bold in the software
yes
yes
yes
yes , it is lathem fr-650 kit with software included .
single administrator . unless , you upgrade to multi-user license .
does for me .
no need for ink . this is a thermal printer so it transfers words and images through heat onto thermal paper . so easy to use , you literally set up and drop the roll in . no precise feeding and no ink required !
i use it with the online pos , lightspeed cloud , with no issues
i believe so it just sits in a craddle and self aligns i use 2.5 nice machine ! hope it helps .
yes , 110v to 240v , 50 to 60hz
ed , the tm-t20ii is an mpos printerwhat is mpos ? an mpos ( mobile point of sale ) is a smartphone , tablet or dedicated wireless device that performs the functions of a cash register or electronic point of sale terminal . mpos implementations allow service and sales industries to conduct financial transactions in place , improving the customer experience and freeing up valuable real estate that would otherwise be dedicated to a pos countertop . an mpos can also be cost-effective , allowing a small business owner to conduct transactions without having to invest in an electronic register or pay someone to support the software . any smartphone or tablet can be transformed into an mpos with a downloadable mobile app . why use mpos friendly printers ? in short : when compatibility with mobile systems and ease of set-up are important , choose mpos.why use : *when using ios , android or windows mobile devices in pos settings . ed , the tm-t20ii is an mpos printerwhat is mpos ? an mpos ( mobile point of sale ) is a smartphone , tablet or dedicated wireless device that performs the functions of a cash register or electronic point of sale terminal . mpos implementations allow service and sales industries to conduct financial transactions in place , improving the customer experience and freeing up valuable real estate that would otherwise be dedicated to a pos countertop . an mpos can also be cost-effective , allowing a small business owner to conduct transactions without having to invest in an electronic ... » read more ed , the tm-t20ii is an mpos printerwhat is mpos ? an mpos ( mobile point of sale ) is a smartphone , tablet or dedicated wireless device that performs the functions of a cash register or electronic point of sale terminal . mpos implementations allow service and sales industries to conduct financial transactions in place , improving the customer experience and freeing up valuable real estate that would otherwise be dedicated to a pos countertop . an mpos can also be cost-effective , allowing a small business owner to conduct transactions without having to invest in an electronic register or pay someone to support the software . any smartphone or tablet can be transformed into an mpos with a downloadable mobile app . why use mpos friendly printers ? in short : when compatibility with mobile systems and ease of set-up are important , choose mpos.why use : *when using ios , android or windows mobile devices in pos settings . « show less
as a thermal printer , its cable driven , and it would not have any way to interface or attach to ipad or iphone . you would need to find a wireless version .
we use the 3-1 8 '' by 230ft rolls . ncr 856348 thermal receipt paper , 3-1 8 '' x 230 ' , white , 50 rolls pk
yes it works you have to install a driver for mac included
yes
to the best of my knowledge it does not
yes ... i got it for my grandmom and she loves the phone .
yes , both the phone and the main base unit have volume buttons that will allow you to turn the volume down to mute .
top tilted . what ever you see from the picture .
yes . the person that uses it responds ... '' it is the only calculator i have found that has 10 key functionality that does not have to be plugged in since it uses solar power and a battery that i have never had to replace after 10 years . ''
it measures 6 '' x 7.5 ''
yes - you can see it in the picture .
on the back of the calculator , it says to use a solar cell battery - 3v
yes , it goes off by itself and hitting `` c '' turns it back on
no , sorry , i do not have an owners manual ... .
not that i 'm aware of . it only counts the number of bills , not the denomination .
i do n't see why not , as long as your currency is the same size as the yankee dollar .
si
110vworks in a typical household outlet
yes but it does not recgonize currency . so you can put 5 1 's , and 10 , 20 's in the counter and it will give you a count of 15 , but not $ 205 . does that make sense ? it only tells you how many bills go through the machine not how much the total currency is worth .
it should work fine if the bills are about the same shape as dollars . it just counts them , it does n't recognize the face
yes it will . i have the canon mg5320 model . i bought these ink cartridges to replace the empty ones , they have been working quite nicely . i 'll purchase them again when i run out of these . hope this will help you .
take them out to see if there is any ink left ... and reset them that might help ... ..i 'm not an electronic person though so i have no idea
i received 3 cartridges of each of the 5 colors for a total of 15 cartridges .
you will not have to reset them . they are ready to use . i buy these a lot and love them . every once in a while i will get a bad one but for the price it is worth it .
based on my research , not compatible due to cartridge design .
do n't know . the 10 order i received last spring , lasted me till xmas . ej
i do n't see why it could n't , as long as you wrench down the clamping nuts ( bolts ? ) pretty tightly .
dedinitely not , does not raise high enough . sitting only .
it also adjusts up and down . i have two 23 '' monitors and still have plenty of adjustment up and down on the post .
yes , the base unit does
one , as far as i know . it does n't play a melody , or anything like that , it just makes a synthetic electronic ringing souns . dew
if you have caller i.d . with your phone package , and the caller has not used an i.d . block , the name and number of the caller is displayed on the handset . i recommend this phone . it is not a vocal i.d . though
they need a custom injector .
you need a voip phone or a softphone ( app or software ) and a voip provider such as ring central . for gxp 's just plug in power and connect with the cable provided to you home network . you 'll need access to your router ( comcast or other ) to obtain the phone 's ip address for set up using the web interface .
yes , they do come with power supplies
yup , 2 were in the box on my order .
it will depend on the printer speed but there is no speed rating for envelope printing .
its sits above tray 1 , so tray 1 is still usable
according to the manufacturer 's product page it comes with only a 90 day limited warranty.http : h10010.www1.hp.com wwpc us en sm wf06c a10-51210-64188-347705-64188-30038-30039-5125772.html ? dnr=1 &jumpid; =reg_r1002_usen_c-001_title_r0001
yes
yes you can ... you just have to registrate your marks
eventually yes , depends on how much cutting you do , but in time you 'll need me ones , they are on amazon for purchase and yes easy to do yourself . youtube .
yes , i create my own vector designs and import them from adobe illustrator . you will have to trace your cut lines once your image is imported so that can be a bit tricky but the silhouette program has a feature that makes it a bit easier .
yes it is very good for doing transfers on small jobs if your doing large jobs like lots of shirts it may not do well may have to get extra blade
yes
i would assume so , but i do n't know where you 'd buy one . i would search the net looking for a power inverter 220 to 110 .
i do n't have any problem here
my printer , pixma 4820 , recognized the cartridges . printing was fine for thing which are not kept , however photos faded badly and i 've gone back to canon ink . jim wilson
i could n't believe it either . ink cartridges are an exact match to original .
there is a microchip embedded in the ink cartridge ; your printer reads it to show ink levels . you do n't 'do ' anything with it , it is already installed into cartridges .
it has both the wide black and the thins ones shown in the picture .
generic look ... ..no name or use before date that i can see . they are not high quantity print either , but for that price i did n't expect them to be . had a lot of use recently . time to buy some more .
just with android , i dint know about apple ios
i have never tried it but 3m cg3700 color transparency film ( available from amazon ) would be my choice for an initial trial . it should work very well according to reviews .
yes , if purchased new ( i.e. , from amazon ) , the product does come with four toner cartridges ( blue , yellow , red , black ) .
i have not , but if one has the appropriate template for cd labels , i see no reason why not .
sorry , i do n't print anything with the i pad i have , never tried it ... ..it is a great printer with a reputation from me that it has n't had any problems and i 've tried them all !
yes it will provided you use a normal card stock ( i.e . business card stock or greeting card stock ) . thicker stocks tend to slip or jam . one other caveat - the stock will come out with a slight curve or bend to it , so you have to bend it back into a flat piece of paper . no big deal , just want you to be aware . the machine is rock solid and produces very nice images . ( oh , and do n't use glossy stock unless it is specifically formulated for laser printers instead of inkjet printers . the ink wo n't fuse to glossy stock and will smear right off the paper . ) hope that helps .
i am absolutely pleased with the printer , no problems and while i do n't use it for anything other than personal printing , and some business brochures that do n't require perfect color coordination , i wo n't buy another hp , dell , sharp , canon , or for that matter any other printer because this one does what it is supposed to do and does n't glitch .
yes , quite smoothly .
facing the front of the cart on the left side where there are 3 drawers the inside of all the drawers are 10 1 2 '' wide and 14 1 2 '' long and the bottom drawer is 5 '' deep and the top 2 are 2 1 2 '' deep . on the right side where there are 2 drawers the inside if each drawer is 5 1 4 '' deep , 7 '' wide and 14 1 2 '' long . i have n't put much in the drawers yet but i do n't think they are intended to hold extremely heavy loads . i am disabled and i just love the fact that its like a mini desk that i can roll to where i want to use it . i could n't be happier with it and i hope if you purchase it you will be as happy as i am ! hope this helps you make your decision . facing the front of the cart on the left side where there are 3 drawers the inside of all the drawers are 10 1 2 '' wide and 14 1 2 '' long and the bottom drawer is 5 '' deep and the top 2 are 2 1 2 '' deep . on the right side where there are 2 drawers the inside if each drawer is 5 1 4 '' deep , 7 '' wide and 14 1 2 '' long . i have n't put much in the drawers yet but i do n't think they are intended to hold extremely heavy loads . i am disabled and i just love the fact that its like a mini desk that i can roll to where i want to use it . i could n't be happier with it and i ... » read more facing the front of the cart on the left side where there are 3 drawers the inside of all the drawers are 10 1 2 '' wide and 14 1 2 '' long and the bottom drawer is 5 '' deep and the top 2 are 2 1 2 '' deep . on the right side where there are 2 drawers the inside if each drawer is 5 1 4 '' deep , 7 '' wide and 14 1 2 '' long . i have n't put much in the drawers yet but i do n't think they are intended to hold extremely heavy loads . i am disabled and i just love the fact that its like a mini desk that i can roll to where i want to use it . i could n't be happier with it and i hope if you purchase it you will be as happy as i am ! hope this helps you make your decision . « show less
wheels to top 28 1 2 '' , width 15 '' , length 22 ''
yes , my husband did it in about 15 minues .
max copying speed up to 21 ppm ( mono ) up to 21 ppm ( color ) max copying resolution up to 600 x 600 dpi ( mono ) up to 600 x 600 dpi ( color ) max printing speed up to 21 ppm ( mono ) up to 21 ppm ( color ) max printing resolution up to 2400 x 600 dpi ( mono ) up to 2400 x 600 dpi ( color )
it will scan to pdf or jpg . it does scan from the automatic document feeder . however , it is a single-sided scanner copier . if you want to scan copy both sides , you have to scan one side , then the other and merge them . you can set up the type of output ( pdf or jpg ) based on the destination as well ( kinda cool ) .
new , with ricoh warranty .
this has 15 per page , so 30 total ( 6 subject ) . sounds like you want their 8 subject planner .
yes .
there are days of the week on the left side , and six columns across , but the boxes themselves are blank .
no there more like a hard plastic hinges with a rod through them
i carry more than that number of letter sized files and it 's fine .
i use this file box with less than 12 hanging files in it , but i think it would easily hold 25-30 hanging files or more .
i have noticed the quality is not as good . there is a general grayness to the page like there is a light dusting of toner on the whole page .
compatible with both .
good bad . the first one i bought worked well . the second one leaves ghost prints , even after printing 50 pages . ghosts wo n't go away , so i 'm throwing it away . bah , humbug !
i had the same problem ; found the solution online : open the cover , hit clear . then hit start and a blank screen will appear . after , hit the up arrow ( you 'll see + above it ) until you reach 12. hit the ok button between the arrows and you 'll see an `` accepted '' display . close the print cover again and you should be all set .
toner is a powder used in laser printers and photocopiers to form the printed text and images on the paper . toner has traditionally been made by compounding the ingredients and creating a slab which was broken or pelletized , then turned into a fine powder with a controlled particle size range by air jet milling . this process results in toner granules with varying sizes and aspherical shapes . to get a finer print , some companies are using a chemical process to grow toner particles from molecular reagents . this results in more uniform size and shapes of toner particles . the smaller , uniform shapes permit more accurate color reproduction and more efficient toner use..toner is already `` dried out '' ... it is a powder . to my knowledge , there is no problem with letting a toner cartridge sit around not being used . my current toner cartridge in my laser printer is at least 5 years old ( they last a loooooooong time unless you print lots of stuff ) and there are times where i will not print something for weeks at a time . my laserjet 6mp is more than 10 years old and i am just finishing up my second toner cartridge ( it is starting to streak and soon rocking it back and forth will not offer temporary respite from that and i will have to dig out the new cartridge and put it in ) . remember please recycle . some stores give you bonus bucks for doing this at there stores . just google it.hope this helps . toner is a powder used in laser printers and photocopiers to form the printed text and images on the paper . toner has traditionally been made by compounding the ingredients and creating a slab which was broken or pelletized , then turned into a fine powder with a controlled particle size range by air jet milling . this process results in toner granules with varying sizes and aspherical shapes . to get a finer print , some companies are using a chemical process to grow toner particles from molecular reagents . this results in more uniform size and shapes of toner particles . the smaller , uniform ... » read more toner is a powder used in laser printers and photocopiers to form the printed text and images on the paper . toner has traditionally been made by compounding the ingredients and creating a slab which was broken or pelletized , then turned into a fine powder with a controlled particle size range by air jet milling . this process results in toner granules with varying sizes and aspherical shapes . to get a finer print , some companies are using a chemical process to grow toner particles from molecular reagents . this results in more uniform size and shapes of toner particles . the smaller , uniform shapes permit more accurate color reproduction and more efficient toner use..toner is already `` dried out '' ... it is a powder . to my knowledge , there is no problem with letting a toner cartridge sit around not being used . my current toner cartridge in my laser printer is at least 5 years old ( they last a loooooooong time unless you print lots of stuff ) and there are times where i will not print something for weeks at a time . my laserjet 6mp is more than 10 years old and i am just finishing up my second toner cartridge ( it is starting to streak and soon rocking it back and forth will not offer temporary respite from that and i will have to dig out the new cartridge and put it in ) . remember please recycle . some stores give you bonus bucks for doing this at there stores . just google it.hope this helps . « show less
to manually reset the toner light and the toner count , turn off the machine . open the front door of the machine . while holding the `` go '' button , turn on the machine and wait a half-minute . then press the `` go '' button twice . wait another half-minute , then press the `` go '' button seven times in quick succession . all the lights should go out but the `` error '' light . then close the front door of the printer . the error light should go off and the printer should start normally without giving you a 'toner out ' message .
we can arrange for shipping to arrive on 9 9 14 or in the couple of days following
it comes with everything needed for it to function , yes , including a power 'brick ' .
yes this unit comes with a power supply inside the box .
yes , it will work with it , the difference is that it saves cost , easy to manage , one point of support . this phone support both analog pots line and connecting to ip pbx and that is why it 's called duo.hope this helps
i am using it on an analog line , so can not answer your question exactly , but the product information states that it does support sip as well : http : www.polycom.com products-services voice conferencing-solutions conferencing-phones soundstation-duo.html ( on the 'technical specifications ' tab they have a link to supported sip platforms . ) the 'duo ' name is because it supports both analog and ip voice solutions . if you have not already , you may want to call voipcheap and ask them specifically if their service supports this phone directly ( without any other hardware ) , or if it still requires a seperate sip router . wish i could help more . i am using it on an analog line , so can not answer your question exactly , but the product information states that it does support sip as well : http : www.polycom.com products-services voice conferencing-solutions conferencing-phones soundstation-duo.html ( on the 'technical specifications ' tab they have a link to supported sip platforms . ) the 'duo ' name is because it supports both analog and ip voice solutions . if you have not already , you may want to call voipcheap and ask them specifically if their service supports this phone directly ( without any other hardware ) , ... » read more i am using it on an analog line , so can not answer your question exactly , but the product information states that it does support sip as well : http : www.polycom.com products-services voice conferencing-solutions conferencing-phones soundstation-duo.html ( on the 'technical specifications ' tab they have a link to supported sip platforms . ) the 'duo ' name is because it supports both analog and ip voice solutions . if you have not already , you may want to call voipcheap and ask them specifically if their service supports this phone directly ( without any other hardware ) , or if it still requires a seperate sip router . wish i could help more . « show less
it works well with qbo - i used chrome osx macbook
yes .
no .
i do n't work with quicken , however , if there 's an option to print 1099s from your program , i would think the form would work since the form itself is set up by the irs . you might have to do some aligning to get all the information within the fields . i 've had to do this with other clients printers but it 's a printer issue and not a forms issue . hope this helps .
they can be scanned , but i was able to find a local software that could be filled out on my pc and then send the form through the printer to be filled out .
the irs requests that the 1096 ( and the supporting documents ) be mailed in a full size envelope , because the documents should not be folded .
i believe so as i have a photosmart all purpose printer and it worked fine .
there is no software included .
1099 misc laser forms ( 4-part ) for 25 individuals suppliers ( 2014 ) copies : federal a , recipient b , ( 2 ) payer state ctwo forms per sheet of each copy ( 25 ) self-seal envelopes ( 3 ) 1096 transmittal forms ( one per sheet )
yes , but you may have to trim the marker holder . it will be too long for the vertical span .
it is 60 '' x36 '' ( or 5x3 feet ) edge to edge including the 1 inch metal frame around it .
no it is not
they are a bit smaller but perfect for holding money .
it depends how many categories you have . i have a bigger family , so i use more than one set . i do n't use all of the second set so i do have some extras .
i write in pencil so i can just erase and reuse . the company also sends you a pdf version of the ledger that you could tape or staple over or even just insert in the envelope .
beginning budgeting . you put at the beginning of a pay period into each envelope what you allow yourself to spend on that category . then when that envelope is empty , you have to wait until the next pay period to do anything else in that category . it stops you from spending too much in one category at the expense of others and blowing your budget in the process .
they are 6-3 4 '' long and 3-3 4 '' wide .
thanks for your question , coach mary . each set of spendvelopes weighs 5 ounces . in addition to usps shipping rates we have these costs : ( 1 ) amazon shipping fee , ( 2 ) a per set rate paid to personnel for collation stuffing and shipping each set , ( 3 ) envelopes that product is shipped in , ( 4 ) paper for label and invoice , and ( 5 ) printing of label and invoice . from the $ 3.16 shipping fee we net about 13¢ set . hope this helps . -- johnny lee ( spendvelope team )
many ... these are very big envelopes . looking at it i would say at least 25 .
hi-yes , it does . we had to return ours because of broken , cheap plastic piece ... but is n't everything these days ? i do n't find fault with them . they were very nice about it . and their prices are great .
you buy tags that have a hole , then put the tagging needle through the tag and into the item you 're tagging . press the trigger and the plastic goes through your item . the barbs through your product and end on the plastic keep the tag from falling off .
no it does n't !
i tried replacing the scanner with an orbital one , and i must have spent about 4 hours trying all kinds of programming combinations ( the 'obvious ' ones suggested by the scanner manufacturer did not work ) , and i never got any scans to go through . the scanner would beep , but it seems the speed the transmission to the cash register were too high , so it never picked it up . plugged the original one back in , and i have been using it ever since . make sure , if you do go ahead with this , that the scanner you get is an rs232 compatible ( direct plug or adapter ) . i have since decided to purchase a full pos system and was waiting for the slow season to implement it . the money you save is just not worth the trouble you get with this archaic system ... i tried replacing the scanner with an orbital one , and i must have spent about 4 hours trying all kinds of programming combinations ( the 'obvious ' ones suggested by the scanner manufacturer did not work ) , and i never got any scans to go through . the scanner would beep , but it seems the speed the transmission to the cash register were too high , so it never picked it up . plugged the original one back in , and i have been using it ever since . make sure , if you do go ahead with this , that the scanner you get is an rs232 compatible ( direct plug or adapter ) . i have since decided to purchase a full ... » read more i tried replacing the scanner with an orbital one , and i must have spent about 4 hours trying all kinds of programming combinations ( the 'obvious ' ones suggested by the scanner manufacturer did not work ) , and i never got any scans to go through . the scanner would beep , but it seems the speed the transmission to the cash register were too high , so it never picked it up . plugged the original one back in , and i have been using it ever since . make sure , if you do go ahead with this , that the scanner you get is an rs232 compatible ( direct plug or adapter ) . i have since decided to purchase a full pos system and was waiting for the slow season to implement it . the money you save is just not worth the trouble you get with this archaic system ... « show less
no computer required , however for programming batch files it will be quicker and easier to do so with a desktop laptop , then use the sd card slot to introduce the new code files programming into the register from the computer .
not sure ..
if you mean how can you store item info and pricing in the register before actually selling the item , you can use the sharp pc-link software and an sd card to enter the information into the register prior to ringing any sales . this is a time consuming process , but easier than typing descriptions into the register cell-phone style .
yes . the directions do have that information . also , updating the database resets the register , in some cases . do follow the instructions ! read all of the setup before doing anything .
i 'm not exactly sure what you mean . if you mean that they are paying with a personal check and you want it to verify the check with the bank , then no it does n't do that .
yes
no
i take a handful of bills and put them in the machine and if huge amount , just press the add and keep going until complete . i believe my hand full ranges from 50 to 75. i really have n't tried to max it out , but makes accurate counting quick
you plug it in .
no , this machine only counts pieces of paper .
the machine counts each bill and tells you how many you have and detects fake bills
yes . there is botton for setting this
it only counts the amount of bills .
i 've had mine for a year . it works great . have n't had any problems . it counts 200 bills in about 30 seconds . much better than counting by hand .
i do n't print huge amounts per day , some days a couple of pages , others a few dozens , mosty web pages or word documents . i bought this last year and the only one i had to replace was the black , about 1 month ago . it complained about it for maybe 1 1 2 month but i just took it out and shook it and put it back in until it really was empty . compaired to ink , toner is 1000 % less expensive . as for the colors , it recently started to complain about the yellow , but i suspect it will last many more months . so far i only used the cartridge that come with the printer , except for the black i just started . i 'm pretty sure to save money they do n't fill those to their fullest , so i would say a cartridge is at least good for 2,500 pages of text . if all you print are pictures , it wo n't be as many , but it will be a lot more than with an ink printer.the only reason someone might prefer an ink printer is if the picture will be placed against plastic . toner has a tendency to unstick from the paper and stick to the plastic . it has always done that btw , not just with this printer . in my case , i gave my ink printers away to goodwill . they cost me more in ink than the printers themselves . which is why when i saw this color toner printer at that price , i grabbed it . plus it 's a multi-function . it does copies so good that i had to put a mark on the back of the original to recognize it from the copy . the document feeder works well , and you can use it to feed the copier , not just the fax . i did not scan much with it , but it scanned well . it does scan to ocr , but none of them do a great job , particularly when there are some very small fonts . but what is does is still better than having to type the whole thing . i do n't print huge amounts per day , some days a couple of pages , others a few dozens , mosty web pages or word documents . i bought this last year and the only one i had to replace was the black , about 1 month ago . it complained about it for maybe 1 1 2 month but i just took it out and shook it and put it back in until it really was empty . compaired to ink , toner is 1000 % less expensive . as for the colors , it recently started to complain about the yellow , but i suspect it will last many more months . so far i only used the cartridge that come with the printer , except for the black i just ... » read more i do n't print huge amounts per day , some days a couple of pages , others a few dozens , mosty web pages or word documents . i bought this last year and the only one i had to replace was the black , about 1 month ago . it complained about it for maybe 1 1 2 month but i just took it out and shook it and put it back in until it really was empty . compaired to ink , toner is 1000 % less expensive . as for the colors , it recently started to complain about the yellow , but i suspect it will last many more months . so far i only used the cartridge that come with the printer , except for the black i just started . i 'm pretty sure to save money they do n't fill those to their fullest , so i would say a cartridge is at least good for 2,500 pages of text . if all you print are pictures , it wo n't be as many , but it will be a lot more than with an ink printer.the only reason someone might prefer an ink printer is if the picture will be placed against plastic . toner has a tendency to unstick from the paper and stick to the plastic . it has always done that btw , not just with this printer . in my case , i gave my ink printers away to goodwill . they cost me more in ink than the printers themselves . which is why when i saw this color toner printer at that price , i grabbed it . plus it 's a multi-function . it does copies so good that i had to put a mark on the back of the original to recognize it from the copy . the document feeder works well , and you can use it to feed the copier , not just the fax . i did not scan much with it , but it scanned well . it does scan to ocr , but none of them do a great job , particularly when there are some very small fonts . but what is does is still better than having to type the whole thing . « show less
do n't know
sorry but i have not explored that do i do not know .
brother tn210 compatible toner cartridge value bundle ( k , c , m , y ) for hl-3040 30070 , mfc ... sold by go 4 supply , inc. ( greattoners ) $ 60.39 for a set of 4 cartridges . each cartridge is independent , so if you use lots of cyan , ( i.e . blue skies ) , you might have to replace it sooner , but you do n't need to replace the others . i do a reasonable amount of printing , and i have not yet used up the original cartridges ( which are not as full as replacement cartridges ) . if i has used an ink printer , i would probably have go thru 2 set of ink cartridges by now , at a much higer price . there is no way i would use ink printers again.if you buy individual cartridges , they cost ( for 4 ) a little bit more than a 4 cartridge set . if you intend to print a lot , hundreds of color pages per day , i do n't know how long they would last . the specs generally state it ( i.e . 2,500 pages or so ) , but it also all depends on how much of the page is covered in image , and how much text vs blank area there is.if you are wondering about paying a bit more for a color laser , or trying to save on an ink printer , you will save a lot more with laser . also , if you are an infrequent user of color , or print maybe every few days , you stand a lot more chances your ink will go dry and clog the printhead than running out of ink . once one tiny hole is clogged , you can never get that picture perfect image . there will be a different colored line running thru the picture at that spot . that generally does n't happen with laser . there are other ways to messup a laser printer though , so you should research that , particularly if you want to use transparentcies , you have to make sure all specialized paper ( transparencies , photo , etc ) are approved for laser ( because of the heat it requires ) . i have use re-manufactured cartridges before without issues . i think these brothers cartridges are sealed in such a way to make it difficult with the layman without specialized tools to add toner himself , so i would not bather and just use re-manufactured , unless you happen to print so much that it makes it worthwhile for you to buy those tools . brother tn210 compatible toner cartridge value bundle ( k , c , m , y ) for hl-3040 30070 , mfc ... sold by go 4 supply , inc. ( greattoners ) $ 60.39 for a set of 4 cartridges . each cartridge is independent , so if you use lots of cyan , ( i.e . blue skies ) , you might have to replace it sooner , but you do n't need to replace the others . i do a reasonable amount of printing , and i have not yet used up the original cartridges ( which are not as full as replacement cartridges ) . if i has used an ink printer , i would probably have go thru 2 set of ink cartridges by now , at a much higer price . there is no way ... » read more brother tn210 compatible toner cartridge value bundle ( k , c , m , y ) for hl-3040 30070 , mfc ... sold by go 4 supply , inc. ( greattoners ) $ 60.39 for a set of 4 cartridges . each cartridge is independent , so if you use lots of cyan , ( i.e . blue skies ) , you might have to replace it sooner , but you do n't need to replace the others . i do a reasonable amount of printing , and i have not yet used up the original cartridges ( which are not as full as replacement cartridges ) . if i has used an ink printer , i would probably have go thru 2 set of ink cartridges by now , at a much higer price . there is no way i would use ink printers again.if you buy individual cartridges , they cost ( for 4 ) a little bit more than a 4 cartridge set . if you intend to print a lot , hundreds of color pages per day , i do n't know how long they would last . the specs generally state it ( i.e . 2,500 pages or so ) , but it also all depends on how much of the page is covered in image , and how much text vs blank area there is.if you are wondering about paying a bit more for a color laser , or trying to save on an ink printer , you will save a lot more with laser . also , if you are an infrequent user of color , or print maybe every few days , you stand a lot more chances your ink will go dry and clog the printhead than running out of ink . once one tiny hole is clogged , you can never get that picture perfect image . there will be a different colored line running thru the picture at that spot . that generally does n't happen with laser . there are other ways to messup a laser printer though , so you should research that , particularly if you want to use transparentcies , you have to make sure all specialized paper ( transparencies , photo , etc ) are approved for laser ( because of the heat it requires ) . i have use re-manufactured cartridges before without issues . i think these brothers cartridges are sealed in such a way to make it difficult with the layman without specialized tools to add toner himself , so i would not bather and just use re-manufactured , unless you happen to print so much that it makes it worthwhile for you to buy those tools . « show less
yes . if its single sided originals , it can be done in one shot . double sided originals will require scanning the other side as well .
not unless you have it hooked to a wireless router via ethernet . i have not printed photos with yet .
this printer will work with any wireless router
no
yes . it was so bad that i sold my brother printer after four weeks at a loss of $ 150 .
it comes with the 4 toner cartridges but they have less capacity than the ones you will purchase subsiquently .
only setup for 110 .
no it wo n't . this brother will only use the 221 cartridge .
if i 'm not mistaken , the new cartridge should reset itself , i 've not had that issue to deal with myself
yes .
if you buy refill ink it comes with a syringe and a needle put it in the top hole of the cartridge
because its terrible off-brand ink and the seller doesnt have color profiles to correct it even though he stated he does in other asked questions . get a refund
4 x 100ml bottles .
mine does not leak , does get on hand when i fill the ink
i have no idea ... .
i 've used mine at work everyday for the past three months and it has n't run out of ink yet .
parker jotter or zebra f-701 . add a fine refill and they 're great .
i do n't clasp it on my shirt . so not sure
perhaps but it 's much , much thinner . my problem is , if i 'm working on a project sketch , i should n't have to recap the pen every time i 'm holding it in my hand thinking of my next step . if that 's the case , it 's basically useless to me .
yes , the pen writes reliably , immediately , smoothly , and does n't skip . however , if you leave the cap off for multiple minutes without writing , the tip will dry slightly and may write lightly until it rewets .
yes indeed ! i bought a 2-pack of refills when i purchased the pen , item # 1800702..i actually just ordered another pen as a gift . it 's clearly stated `` refillable '' on the package .
yes , i have two quickens , my personal one and a non-profit i do work for . they are easy to adjust to your printer and work beautifully .
i do not know . i 've only used quickbooks . never used microsoft money . sorry they 're marvelous for quickbooks .
yes , i 've used in both with no problems
my printer always jams with just one check
i have deskjet 3845 and it works wonderfully . do n't know about inkjet .
i sent a voided check along with our logo . they put it all together beautifully
they are top loading .
the actual document carissa has to be 8 1 2 x 11 , the protector is a tad bigger due to the border seal ( 8 3 4 x 11 1 8 )
yes
they 're clear .
it is not rigid ; if held in one hand , it will bend downward .
i need it to be top and side loading ... ..where can i find such a product ?
i have not used the avery labels as the cost is prohibitive in comparison to these . these will not completely obscure an old label ( if you look closely , you 'll be able to tell it 's there ) , but the old label will not be legible and will not interfere with reading scanning the new label . old label is n't even noticeable at a glance .
no . corners are square .
yes
i do not think you could leave them out in the rain . i am very happy with them i use them for all my usps shipping and will order them again soon .
the actual labels are separate from each other , you just peel one off at a time , but the backing is not perforated . it 's one solid piece and you would probably ruin the labels if you tried to split them . i have had no problem though with just printing one label , using it , and then coming back to print on the other one later . hope this helps .
it says made in the usa on the back of the package .
amazon.com gives you the opportunity when doing postage to choose the left or right side to print upon . choose one or the other to have it print on only half of the sheet . then when i 'm doing my next pkg , i put the the label paper ( with one label still left ) back into my printer and ( in my case and my printer ) , i ask for the right side . you 'll need to practice with your printer and plain paper to see what works best for you .
yes and no . the labels are thicker than regular printer paper . i 'd say about 60lb stock . therefore , if the plastic is flexed significantly the edges of the label may peel a bit . plus i have found different types of plastics used for mailing . those made with polypropylene do n't allow good adhesion for the types of adhesive used in normal shipping labels . most other plastics seem to be fine but there are times i do use tape to be sure . for what it 's worth this all is true for the brand name labels of this kind . if you plan to ship significant amounts of mailings in the same size plastic ( bags ) there are devices that print right onto the plastic bag itself , but there require device specific bag stock and are impractical for smaller quantities . yes and no . the labels are thicker than regular printer paper . i 'd say about 60lb stock . therefore , if the plastic is flexed significantly the edges of the label may peel a bit . plus i have found different types of plastics used for mailing . those made with polypropylene do n't allow good adhesion for the types of adhesive used in normal shipping labels . most other plastics seem to be fine but there are times i do use tape to be sure . for what it 's worth this all is true for the brand name labels of this kind . if you plan to ship significant amounts of mailings in the same size plastic ... » read more yes and no . the labels are thicker than regular printer paper . i 'd say about 60lb stock . therefore , if the plastic is flexed significantly the edges of the label may peel a bit . plus i have found different types of plastics used for mailing . those made with polypropylene do n't allow good adhesion for the types of adhesive used in normal shipping labels . most other plastics seem to be fine but there are times i do use tape to be sure . for what it 's worth this all is true for the brand name labels of this kind . if you plan to ship significant amounts of mailings in the same size plastic ( bags ) there are devices that print right onto the plastic bag itself , but there require device specific bag stock and are impractical for smaller quantities . « show less
you can send us a message through amazon after purchase with the customization , or we will contact you after the order is received requesting customization . thank you , lauren
it is about 2 1 8 '' long and 1 2 '' high
we have had ours for two years and it is still going strong !
based on the font i have , three is max
certainly !
this is metal and has plastic handles . i have had this a long time and i 'm not disappointed ! it looks much better in person than in the photo , too .
24 3 4 high 14 1 4 w 18 deep will tip when bottom drawer is full and you open just balance it first other then that it is ideal for me
my opinion would be that they 're not quite tall enough to serve as desk pedestals ... one 's thighs would pretty much be pressed against the bottom of the shelf . i think that they 're strong enough to support the shelf computer printer , though .
yes ... you only have to put on the handles .
no shelf is 51 2 inches above drawer
large drawer is 11 inches high x 18 inches deep x 13 inches wide , small drawer is 5 inches high x 18 inches deep x 13 inches wide .
no , it does n't . my husband took a small piece of plywood and screwed 4 casters onto it so that i could roll it around .
drawer may not be seated correctly or something is blocking its slide from the inside ? try taking out the top drawer to see what is causing the bottom drawer to stick first .
yes
mine did , the auto feeder is built in these are good fax machines
yes , you take the setting off fo auto print then you are able to print what you want .
no
no , they are not . they are smaller in size and without the border . for that reason i returned the camera back and purchased an old , used polaroid camera .
10 packs if 10
i think the squeeze convertor from pilot would be ok , since i use a pilot cart in mine , and the two are the same size . good luck . this is a wonderful pen i have given to many people , and they all love it and come back for more , even non-fp people .
it 's a fine nib , but it 's similar to an extra fine in other pens . it 's about as fine or finer than a lamy ef , but it writes very smoothly and i love the thinness of the line !
pilot namiki ink ( ic-100 )
hi..no they are not sharpened.. you can buy the sharpener from palomino seller . thanks..
i am an illustrator and have always sharpened my pencils with an x-acto blade . so yes they can hold a long sharp point without breaking off , which shows the quality of the graphite . i would probably have to do a major search of my studio to even find a sharpener .
hi..im not sure . could you contact palomino directly..one pencil is hard and the other is soft..
i have n't tried the 602 yet , but i believe they are more of a b or 2b value as i 've read from other reviews . the regular blackwings are a better bet for they are softer and are more of a 4b or 6b .
not a professional for pencils but blacking is good to use
it is n't necessary ... any sharpener is fine.these are wonderful pencils , by the way .
pearl `` white '' eraser . pencil 's black . real nice to sketch with .
i 've had no problem w these being picked up on scan tron type tests . your son needs these . start them young with the best !
no sir . it is fixed .
honestly it is not a great product
the stand is collapsible . the legs push up inside the tube frame and the back legs collapse flat against the board so that it is the size of the white board itself . it 's about four inches thick when compacted and fits well behind furniture .
no , its does not
not magnetic
you can adjust the legs to go up and down . so it can be very low for kids or high . one thing you need to know the surface is not smooth so it 's not easy to erase . i would not recommend it
no
i dont think it is convenient- sorry no recommendation for you-good luck
not sure exactly but it 's heavey c
no it does n't . just headphones and usb port . hope this help
unfortunetly , no hand-held translator has seen fit to make one and make a few million . however , i have found two online that you can : reverso.com and the other is translatenow.com . reverso is really good and has most of the colloqulios and slang and vulger . i believe so does translate . hope this helps . cj
no . but it is a very handy and accurate reference for someone who is learning spanish .
no .
no . no backlighting .
no , but if you find a useful phrase ( and there are many ) it will speak the translated phrase for you . google translate lets you type or speak and then translates with text and or speech .
yes quite easily .
about 18mm
they do have protective caps but you need to be careful . they 're a bit difficult to pull off and it force of oulling has caused a sort of ... rebound ? not sure if that 's the right word but it jerks your hands and i 've stabbed myself on accident once trying to get the caps off so make sure you do it slowly . if you twist the caps while its on the needle , it 'll unscrew the needle for easy cleaning .
the needle itself ( the metal part that sticks out of the plastic holder that pushes onto the syringe ) is ; 1 & 3 8 inch ( 35mm . ) long , with a outer diameter of 1 mm . it has a angled super sharp point , unlike the others i 've had that had a flat tip & a bigger diameter .
i think so . the needle is a blunt tip ( not sharp ) x 1 16 dia . it will easily suck out or refill an eggshell but might not poke the hole very easily .
10 ml
it is 21 '' long , 13 '' wide and 8 '' tall . height is adjustable . my recommendation is not to waste your money on this contraption . i have glued almost every part back together at once , and the last straw is when the fan wire came off and i would have to go to lots of trouble to try to rewire it . i am sorry i bought . hate to be a spoiler , but do n't want anyone else to waste their time and money .
it 's not meant to be removed , but seems easy enough to unscrew .
my husband uses it flat with no problem . the fan still works .
about 10 inches .
yes
does not appear to be , however , i am left handed and it works just fine . the one flaw that it has , unless improvements have been made is that the fan does not have a cover over it .
it 's on the right hand side . it 's a small drawer that pulls out to the right
it 's the table top measurement . the legs spread out about an inch and a half more but are on hinges so can pull in tighter .
if your pen is a t-ball jotter it should fit .
that pen looks exactly like mine and they work in mine . i thought mine was called the parker jotter but it should work , they look identical . i would n't hesitate to buy it for that pen .
these types of refills are called jotter refills . if your existing refill is of the same type it will fit . if in doubt visit a pen store and get your doubt clarified .
not sure . i went to thee website . there is a list you can check .
yes , they are ball point pens like the old days : )
yes , it is iso number as well .
go on line and search for your big red refill t-ball jotter . look at the pictures and take the one which looks like your refill . i use only the parker jotter ballpoint pens and the refills for them . good luck .
they say `` france '' . i ca n't comment if they write better or not than those from the us . but they do write very well . they also leak if run through the clothes washer -- which i mistakenly did . but that 's my own fault , not the ink pen .
i do n't know , sorry
the width of the strip is 1 8 '' . hope that helps . i love mine but i only do one piece of paper at a time .
do n't get this one . i got it for the same reason quilling . the edges of the paper are not clean cut . it looks like you tore construction paper . if that makes sense . i tryes several types of paper no different .
toner is not a liquid , it is a powder . if there is a date is not something that is valid to worry about .
nah . nothing like that . i did end up removing the printer from windows and adding it manually though .
yes , am using one now .
yes - that is how i am using it - i love the little bugger - however if what you are working on needs security - this is not the answer . hope this helps .
the numbers are not there.you would require approximately 25 1 2 `` to accommodate 2 side x side rows of letter size folders with the bar in place . the total length of the file cart is only 24 '' . in addition , the inside dimensions of the bar ( 3 8 '' ) are a little cramped to accommodate side by side folders . they would have to be perfectly aligned to slide smoothly . good luck .
although i do n't have the need to disassemble this , i do n't think it would be an issue . i love it in my office and use it everyday .
not sure , sorry !
that 's weird . i 've never seen this issue . are the barcodes in good condition ? you may want to contact the manufacturer ...
mark , a wedge is scanner that fits between the keyboard and pc . this is a usb scanner . just plug it into the usb port and you are ready to scan . so to answer your question , this is not technically a wedge scanner but a fully functional scanner none the less . i hope this helps.tim
the one i bought was black , but yes , it will absolutely read the bar code , and we use it daily to read usps bar codes on flat rate envelopes we ship on a regular basis . here 's the catch though . the number printed below the bar code differs from what is read . usps encodes , in our case , 8 digits in front of the number . so as long as we know when entering tracking information to ignore the first 8 digits , and start with the `` 9405 '' we are fine .
no , i think that you just 2 dimensions code can read with it . i will try and get back to you with more information about it .
yes
find `` devices and printers '' on your computer . you should see an icon that is not usually there . click on that . when i did that , a message said there was a problem with it , and it could be fixed . i okayed that , and then the scanner worked fine .
hi am not familiar with shopkeep , but unless your program requires a propritary scanner my guess that this unit will work . these scanners are usually universal and are compatible . usb interface and is plug and play requires no software setup . will scan upc codes , also amazon has a great return policy .
yes , it does sense an item being placed under it and it will scan it .
yes . make sure you position on the cell with the general format .
i think so ... . this is a plug and play item ... should be functional with any platform . bye
as far as i am concerned the wireless on this printer is a very weak point . i 'm sure it will work well if it connects . i have an hp tower computer that it will not connect to . hp techs took over control of my machine and in 2.5 hrs cound not make it work . good news for you is i have an ipad and it does connect with it , go figure . so , it should work , but if you want 100 % assurance i can not give you that .
yes they are . i have not had any trouble installing new cartridges .
it 's approximately 19.5 '' wide , 18 '' deep , and 8 '' high .
you can print via direct connect to computer or wireless .
agree with all the previous posts . temp carts for sure but mine keep printing . still fighting with the wireless to the point of calling it unreliable . if it had a static ip assigned to it , this would help . that 's one of my next tasks with it .
yes . i work in a church office and i 've used it multiple times to do stacks of envelopes as well single envelopes .
i use it to print on two sides of card stock . works well .
have to replace ink . do n't understand about module . if it 's where ink fits i would assume not .
i really ca n't answer that question . i just know i have a hp6600 printer and it seems like i have to replace the cartridges too often . if one runs out of ink i have to replace it in order to print . i am looking to sell it and get just a black and white printer that uses toner .
the hp website says it works ... .why does amazon say it does n't ?
i have noted this experience problem . sorry that i can not be of more help to you .
take a 5 lb sledge hammer to it . i bought one and its a piece of junk . i have since thrown it out after less than one year of use .
i was just speaking with an hp sales rep @ officemax this afternoon . i do n't know about the cables , but he finally admitted to me that the 4 ink cartridges that come with the printer ( black , red , yellow , blue ) are indeed full size cartridges ( the plastic part ) but hp does n't fill them up for inclusion with new printers . you can consider the ink a `` starter pak '' . he could n't would n't tell me if they were 1 2 full , or 1 3 full , or less ... but that they were `` enough to get started '' .i 've decided not to purchase a new hp printer . when i have finally gotten tired of purchasing cartridge after cartridge after cartridge , and never getting the advertised yield of pages from any of them , i will search for a new printer from someone else . hp does n't work for my loyalty as they once did . i was just speaking with an hp sales rep @ officemax this afternoon . i do n't know about the cables , but he finally admitted to me that the 4 ink cartridges that come with the printer ( black , red , yellow , blue ) are indeed full size cartridges ( the plastic part ) but hp does n't fill them up for inclusion with new printers . you can consider the ink a `` starter pak '' . he could n't would n't tell me if they were 1 2 full , or 1 3 full , or less ... but that they were `` enough to get started '' .i 've decided not to purchase a new hp printer . when i have finally gotten tired of ... » read more i was just speaking with an hp sales rep @ officemax this afternoon . i do n't know about the cables , but he finally admitted to me that the 4 ink cartridges that come with the printer ( black , red , yellow , blue ) are indeed full size cartridges ( the plastic part ) but hp does n't fill them up for inclusion with new printers . you can consider the ink a `` starter pak '' . he could n't would n't tell me if they were 1 2 full , or 1 3 full , or less ... but that they were `` enough to get started '' .i 've decided not to purchase a new hp printer . when i have finally gotten tired of purchasing cartridge after cartridge after cartridge , and never getting the advertised yield of pages from any of them , i will search for a new printer from someone else . hp does n't work for my loyalty as they once did . « show less
nope . we happily smashed our on the pavement and bought a canon .
i am not sure . however , it is an ink hog like no other . what it does it does well but for the ink factor problem and i would n't buy it again . if i had to do it over i would look into some thing else .
no , it wo n't print if is out of color ink . it already happen to me . even though i was trying to pring a black copy .
i would not advice the purchase if this machine . i tried to sync it wirelessly with my android smartphone that has kindle in it , but it would't work and i do n't have time to jimmy rig it . i just pluggled the phone into the printer and print document from my google drive in my phone . i will replace it and never buy hp again !
yes . once the first file is saved to a specific folder , the scanner defaults the image to save to that folder the next time , and will point to that folder until you navigate to save the image to a different folder . i like programming the `` scan '' button to scan using the pdf scanner driver ( go to control panel > > devices and printers > > right click the fujitsu scanner > > properties ) .
go with the 7160. it is a newer model of the 6130z and is a bit less in price . these fujitsu scanners seem difficult to wear out . i have never had any problems with them .
considering that rack2filer is created by pfu , a fujitsu company , you will not have any problem . any scanning software that utilizes twain can be used . i use a program called lucion filecenter . i suggest you check it out and see if that program addresses your needs .
yes , it has a document feeder . the feeder works very well and my work group is very satisfied with the scanner . i do not know if it works with windows 8.1 .
i got a 1 year warranty directly from fujitsu . they also offered an extended warranty but i elected not to take it . i currently have 3 of the fi-6130z models . i had a fi-4130 for 5 years and 2 of the 5130 models for 3 years prior to an office fire a year ago . that is the only reason i have the newer model now .
i scanned a bunch of old family photos from the 40s-60s , and it did fine , it pulled them straight through using the guides . they were of different sizes so i sorted as best i could and batch scanned the groups . somewhat difficult to navigate the setting menus to obtain the highest resolution ( 1200x1200 ) , in color , and the correct size . much faster and easier than a flat scanner .
50
dear r. warne , fujitsu scanners are a little more but they use a ccd for the camera and glass as a covering instead of plastic as some other do . the kodak makes a similar scanners called the i2600 ( $ 939.00 ) that does 50 ppm and the i2400 ( $ 664.00 ea ) that goes 30 ppm . you are buying speed . the kodak also used a ccd for the camera . both come with very good scanning software.archiveindex ( dot ) com call me if you want .
not a printer , just a scanner .
go to office supply store & see what type of label you want . there 's a number on the label container which you would use in whatever word program you are using . for microsoft word go to mailings-labels-options enter in that label # in the appropriate section & hit new document . you can then format whatever text you want in the label .
i do n't have an ipad but if you go to the brother website , pull up the downloads for your printer ( from the ipad ) then you can download what is required to connect the ipad to the printer .
yes , but not automatically . you 'll have to turn the paper over and then print the other side . there are on-screen guides to tell you when to do this .
yup , works perfectly with mine . go online and download the drivers from brother and it will walk you through the process
on a mac scanning actually is in the printer driver itself . you have to go hunting for it in system preferences ( in os x mountain lion ) under the print and scan preference . there , once you look at the preferences for the brother mfc-j435w printer you will see that there is both a print and a scan section to the preference pane . if you click on the word scan ( at the top next to print ) a button appears in the preference window that says open scanner . clicking there opens a scanner window with pretty basic functionality , but at least it does do both black and white was well as color scans .
no idea . works ok on windows .
be sure you have selected the right size paper in your printer options
not
i threw it out through frustration .
no , this is a very basic printer . i constantly have trouble with it jamming , freezing , etc . do n't waste your money .
i am not sure my pos system is windows 7
yes you connect it to any rj12 ( telephone plug style ) cash drawer and it takes care of the rest after the settings . look for my previous messages where i stated how to correctly install the drivers because the directions stated on there is wrong and you will forever have issues unless you do it the way i put it . works like a charm til this day . also ignore the negative comments too because i never had a problem with my and never turned it off and still works as if i just took it out of the box . only thing i wish i had was some esc codes that are explained a crap ton better than what the directions explain but as far as out of the box printing ... works fantastic . save your money and get this first then when you are ready to get the more expensive printers such as a star , then go and get it . no need to go spending hundreds of dollars when only thing your customers want is proof of purchase . and yes you can print graphics to this one too so ignore anything negative about that too . yes you connect it to any rj12 ( telephone plug style ) cash drawer and it takes care of the rest after the settings . look for my previous messages where i stated how to correctly install the drivers because the directions stated on there is wrong and you will forever have issues unless you do it the way i put it . works like a charm til this day . also ignore the negative comments too because i never had a problem with my and never turned it off and still works as if i just took it out of the box . only thing i wish i had was some esc codes that are explained a crap ton better than what the ... » read more yes you connect it to any rj12 ( telephone plug style ) cash drawer and it takes care of the rest after the settings . look for my previous messages where i stated how to correctly install the drivers because the directions stated on there is wrong and you will forever have issues unless you do it the way i put it . works like a charm til this day . also ignore the negative comments too because i never had a problem with my and never turned it off and still works as if i just took it out of the box . only thing i wish i had was some esc codes that are explained a crap ton better than what the directions explain but as far as out of the box printing ... works fantastic . save your money and get this first then when you are ready to get the more expensive printers such as a star , then go and get it . no need to go spending hundreds of dollars when only thing your customers want is proof of purchase . and yes you can print graphics to this one too so ignore anything negative about that too . « show less
i never could get ours to work with any program or computer for that matter . i was very disappointed and never could get customer support to fix it either .
not sure -- by comparison , of course in my opinion , this paper is more like stampin-up whisper white . it is n't as heavy as papertreyink or ginia k 's 110 lb cardstock.this paper is about the same weight as a good index card : - (
yes , it can be printed on both sides . it does not show through . this is a fairly heavy cardstock .
do n't know exact measurement but it is thinner than oaktag and thicker than regular paper . a little thicker than index cards . perfect for making cards .
it is what i use most of the time and i know a lot of other people who do also .
this is just regular index card stock . it could be used for greeting cards , but it would probably be hard to cut and fold them properly . i think some of the avery card products made specifically for greeting cards would work better .
absolutely ! there is still some bleed-thru so i would n't do a single layer card but otherwise it works great .
no , i do n't think this is heavy enough for that application , and if you wanted a glossy finish - they would not be glossy either . so , they would not shuffle well.however if it is for a kid birthday or something , and you do not need it to be super heavy , or actually feel like playing cards , it might work ok .
i just cut a full sheet in half and folded a fan and it is good and sturdy . any heavier and i think the creases in the fan would not be clean .
yes
the remote works the power point on the laptop . if you have a projector connected it will do one or both however you set it up .
hi tony , i 'll try to help you . the remote control does not need a complex installation , you have only to put on the batteries , take the bluethoot signal receiver and plug it in any usb port on your computer . then , turn on the presenter moving the little switch on the back ... now your computer will install the usb drivers by itself and when it has finished , you only have to push the connect button at the back of the presenter . ok , that 's it ... it 's installed . now , to use your presenter is pretty easy ... you have five buttons ... the central one is for the laser beam , the arrow buttons are to move forward or backward on your presentation ... the upper button is for blackout the presentation , and the button at bottom is used to start or stop the presentation . well , hope all this information will help you using your presenter . god bless you ! hi tony , i 'll try to help you . the remote control does not need a complex installation , you have only to put on the batteries , take the bluethoot signal receiver and plug it in any usb port on your computer . then , turn on the presenter moving the little switch on the back ... now your computer will install the usb drivers by itself and when it has finished , you only have to push the connect button at the back of the presenter . ok , that 's it ... it 's installed . now , to use your presenter is pretty easy ... you have five buttons ... the central one is for the laser beam , the arrow buttons are to ... » read more hi tony , i 'll try to help you . the remote control does not need a complex installation , you have only to put on the batteries , take the bluethoot signal receiver and plug it in any usb port on your computer . then , turn on the presenter moving the little switch on the back ... now your computer will install the usb drivers by itself and when it has finished , you only have to push the connect button at the back of the presenter . ok , that 's it ... it 's installed . now , to use your presenter is pretty easy ... you have five buttons ... the central one is for the laser beam , the arrow buttons are to move forward or backward on your presentation ... the upper button is for blackout the presentation , and the button at bottom is used to start or stop the presentation . well , hope all this information will help you using your presenter . god bless you ! « show less
it works with prezi , but for some reason not in full screen mode .
yes . that is exactly the application i use it for .
i had no problem with mine , on several machines . the insert section is shaped a little differently than other usb connections , primarily because cage around the connectors is n't all the way like in other devices . as silly as it sounds , i did try to push it into a network port , which looks the same from the wrong angle .
yes it does . the top button with the black and white square is what will black out your scrren during a presentation . hope this helps !
i used with windows , however i just test it in a macbook pro and work fine all the buttons
i do n't know for sure , but it acts like a usb keyboard , so if you can take a usb keyboard it will probably work .
yes you can , i have that printer and it was very easy to install and use .
if you 're asking if the 250 sheet 2nd tray - the tray by itself that is removable , not the tray and its assembly ( the feeder that you place under the 8600 ) , will replace the primary tray , the answer is yes . the 2 trays are physically identical and the 2nd tray will fit in the opening where the original tray is located . i 've done this and the 8600 does n't know the difference . but if you 're asking if the 2nd feeder which includes the tray and its carriage can be used as a replacement for the original feeder , the answer is no . when the 2nd feeder assembly is placed under the 8600 , the machine 's software limits the 2nd tray to letter size paper only . if you put envelopes or smaller paper in the 2nd feeder assembly , the 8600 thinks the tray is empty and reverts to the primary ( upper ) tray . this may seem confusing , and the text in the manual that comes with the 2nd paper feeder is anything but clear . you can program the 8600 so the upper tray becomes an optional tray ( for envelopes or for recycled paper ) but there are 2 locations where this programming must be entered . go to the online hp forum for slightly more understandable directions . if you 're asking if the 250 sheet 2nd tray - the tray by itself that is removable , not the tray and its assembly ( the feeder that you place under the 8600 ) , will replace the primary tray , the answer is yes . the 2 trays are physically identical and the 2nd tray will fit in the opening where the original tray is located . i 've done this and the 8600 does n't know the difference . but if you 're asking if the 2nd feeder which includes the tray and its carriage can be used as a replacement for the original feeder , the answer is no . when the 2nd feeder assembly is placed under the 8600 , the ... » read more if you 're asking if the 250 sheet 2nd tray - the tray by itself that is removable , not the tray and its assembly ( the feeder that you place under the 8600 ) , will replace the primary tray , the answer is yes . the 2 trays are physically identical and the 2nd tray will fit in the opening where the original tray is located . i 've done this and the 8600 does n't know the difference . but if you 're asking if the 2nd feeder which includes the tray and its carriage can be used as a replacement for the original feeder , the answer is no . when the 2nd feeder assembly is placed under the 8600 , the machine 's software limits the 2nd tray to letter size paper only . if you put envelopes or smaller paper in the 2nd feeder assembly , the 8600 thinks the tray is empty and reverts to the primary ( upper ) tray . this may seem confusing , and the text in the manual that comes with the 2nd paper feeder is anything but clear . you can program the 8600 so the upper tray becomes an optional tray ( for envelopes or for recycled paper ) but there are 2 locations where this programming must be entered . go to the online hp forum for slightly more understandable directions . « show less
i do n't believe so . i use the 2nd tray to print 8.5 x 11 and reserve the top tray for envelopes and that works just fine . i love my 2nd tray !
i believe so . on the hp website , they list a 250 sheet 2nd tray for the 8610 e-all-in-one as being product # a8z70a . $ 80 . you could check with the seller to double check the part # .
yes , definitely . you will have to carefully configure your printing application .
yes , you can . i just ran a test to confirm it .
the add on tray adds a little over three inches . however , if you need to open your printer you must take that into consideration . to get an accurate measure , measure your top fully open and then add three inches . that should give you a pretty good idea of the actual clearance you will need . i hope this helps .
no ! this is the wrong part for the 8620. this tray is hp part # cn548a . you need hp part # az870a . you can find the accessory part number on the spec sheet for your 8620 and search for that part number .
the hardware can come off completely . the glass will just have 4 holes in the corners where the hardware would have gone .
the weight is not that bad . i can not give you a specific answer . we are very happy with it . i would suggest getting at least one side of the board screwed into a wall stud . good luck
i was worried about the same thing when i got mine . it is great ! no issues ... about to order more !
yes and yes , although i chose to install one side into studs .
sure can
the board does not have a marker tray .
wet erase ...
the glass is white . i put mine on a red wall and the red does not show through . the glass does not look pink either . this is a really nice product .
yes you can scan to your computer when the ink has run out .
yes
yes you can .
yes .
i use this printer at my workroom and will not be back till monday . give you an answer then .
yes very well i have zebra zp 500 plus originally from fedex
if it 's 4x6 i think yes of course .
you can write on them but they do mark up easy because of being thermal paper . if you happen to drag a fingernail across it then you will get a faint mark . kind of like receipt paper does . the lables are fairly thick though .
no your to pull it to remove it from the printer
yes
yes
yes
no , each jack can have two lines . so two jacks .
purchased as a gift for someone else . have no idea .
no , it did n't on mine
no hole needed , kit works great by reverse pumping ink into cartrige
each container is 100ml .
hi i checked the box on that it only lists 7515 and 7510 i 'd imagine yours is just a little newer model than when the box was printed . it 's all the same series i would think . if your printer still uses the 564 ink i 'm 90 % sure it would work . if you want to be sure though they list their website www.printpayless.com for technical support . you might email or if possible call them to be 100 % sure that model will still work . good luck !
of course you can refill hp original cartridges as well as those you get from'refill ' vendors . the printer will show a message to try to shame you to buy oe carts . just press ok .
with the seat set at it 's lowest position and the armrests at they 're lowest setting , it is 2 feet and 3 inches ( 27inches ) lowest seat position with the armrests set to they 're highest position is 29 1 2 inches how this is helpful .
you can tilt the back to any angle . there 's a lever that releases the back and then it can tilt the full range . you then re-engage the lever at any point to lock the back tilt wherever you want it .
the actual depth of the seat is 18 '' but you can slide the seat forward just a bit . by the way it 's a great chair . i have two of them . the levers on the side of the chair can be a bit overwhelming as i always forget what they do but just play with them . sliding the chair seat forward..i had to turn the chair upside down the first time to figure it out . hope this helps .
they are adjustable and by quite a bit it seams like 6 '' on each side .
if you raise the seat back up enough , the cushion can slide back underneath it with a seat depth of about 14 '' give or take
seat height : 17.5 '' - 21.5 '' h
yes . it 's totally optional and looks good either way .
my knee to foot is about 17 '' and feels very comfortable . i can sit back against the back and chair does not hit back of my leg . i am 5'2 ''
yes.. it should adjust when you sit on it and pull up on the front lever
automatically setted up for samsung note 2 ( personal case ) . nothing required .
technically you can download the samsung control program from the support site . did n't work for me , however . only solution for me was manual : unplug 'n wake . frankly i ca n't wait until the demo cartridge is depleted and i can throw this cute ( but worthless ) printer away .
i have been unable to activate the printer from my ipad
yes it comes with toner and is an outstanding printer
dunno . i have n't got that far in the last year . i 've given up on it because it 's rubbish
i do n't know . i bought a laptop with windows 8 and could not access shared files on other computers via wifi in my office . i downgraded to windows 7 and all is well . this is the office computer with windows 7 that connects to the samsung printer . elsewhere i 'm a mac man and have no problems .
yes . interestingly enough , even though i bought this for windows , i tested it first with my macbook air running os x mavericks . it plugged-and-played just fine , no problems at all .
the fuser is the part of the printer that heats your plastic powder to make the imprint . this is an integral part failure and you should return the printer .
no . the largest paper it uses is 8.5 '' x 14 ''
windows 8 is great , however , i only have vista and xp on my pc and laptops . i ca n't answer this question other than to say the instrructions indicate it works with windows 8 os .
you get 2 units w 3 drawers each
that would be front to back . the front is about 10 inches . hope that helps .
not big enough for laptop
i never had a problem with them slipping at all . mine are stacked on my desk and have a little lip that sort of locks together . i love them .
10.2 '' or 25.9cm .
clear
2.5 inch max clearance on the depth before things start to get `` caught '' or hung up when opening and closing ... if you are looking for front-to-back depth , you have a full 12 inches ( and up to 1 2 inch more ) as the drawer front bows out slightly . it will store a ream of letter-size paper with ease .
yes they are stackable .
25 1 2 '' high by 20 '' wide by 15 1 2 '' deep
yes . there is one adjustable shelf included .
well , it 's definitely not a medium dark color . it 's a light color and appears to me to be light oak . it 's not really wood . it 's a thin paper covering , very sensitive to wear .
in only 18.5 '' inside
from the floor to the lowest edge of the surface , 32 ''
we are very happy with it too . i can lift and carry it , so it is not heavy . it is more than 5 pounds .
yes ! it comes already detached !
maybe 1 2 inch high . i gave the lectern as a gift so not sure , but my patsor uses it to hold a flull size bible with no problem and holds papers securly . hope this helps !
mine has a brown faux-wood grain top and a black base . i use it for a second laptop next to my primary desk . it has limited adjustment ( height only ) but it seems well made and it 's simple design blends in with the rest of my office .
i would say probably not . but it will probably depend on how you use the lap top . will you be standing up most of time when using the lap top ? plus , the metal guide for keeping something on the lectern is not very high . i put a ruler in the guide slot to keep my bible firmly on the lectern . hope this helps some !
19 and 12 16ths inches wide
3 4 ''
according to the staples website and two other vendors that i found through google , a samsung mlt-d101s toner cartridge is compatible with the ml-2160 laser printer .
yes it is only black ink . the printer i have is only black and white .
i wondered the same thing when i bought one , and even when i received it i could n't tell who the manufacturer is . the cartridge has a `` samsung '' imprint and says made in china . i am using one now in my samsung scx-3405fw and have not had any problems with it .
the manufacturer says 1500 sheets , but it depends so much on how much print there is per sheet , and if you have toner saver turned on . i can print about 1 4 to 1 2 case of paper per cartridge ( 4 or 5 reams ) , which is more than they specify . but most of my printing is forms , which have white spaces for answers . if you are printing your latest book , figure about 2 reams , or maybe 3. graphics would be less unless they are line drawings .
yes it does
the one that i ordered and received was an oem samsung cartridge .
it almost falls in by itself . once you have it lined up in the guides , a gentle push is all that it takes to seat it .
hello good evening , your printer has a toner home
yes , as long as the imac has the vesa style mount on its backside . for newer imacs , you must special order the computer as having a vesa mount . most new imacs have a non-removable stand arm ( w o vesa mount ) . the m8 monitor arm is compatible with old imacs as long as you also use the vesa adapter , available from the apple store , and unscrew the stand arm prior to installing the adapter and m8 monitor arm .
*vesa plate supports all monitors with 75mm and 100mm vesa hole patterns ( larger vesa plates*also available ) *vesa plate stores two hex keys for instant access to adjustment tools
you just want the mount ? not the monitor arm ? we can get you a quote . backstore
not as is , but there is a separate wall mount adapter listed on the humanscale site under accessories for this ( it 's another $ 108 ) . i have mine mounted to a desk with a clamp . this is an excellent quality arm and will have no problem supporting your dell .
hello it will work however you will need to procure a special vesa plate mount directly from apple . the part number is part # md179zm a. this part number will work with all 27 '' apple monitors . please let us know if you have additional questions .
with my bible inside it is 10-1 2 '' wide , 8-1 4 '' high and 2-3 4 '' thick , it has an outside pocket for pens , etc . i love it .
it will hold a average size bible but not the big large print bibles .
i 'm going by a ruler and came up with 10 '' l x 8 '' w x 2 '' depth . an average-sized bible fits fine . a large , or extra large will not fit in this one .
as far as i know it is good quality
yes , this does fit a large bible soft or hard cover bible .
hp 305 - it takes 4 cartridges - very expensive - over $ 400 ! lasts a long time . i think the printer came with the ink and i have not bought any replacements after a couple of years . but i do n't really do a massive amount of printing . i also bought this printer in amazon warehouse deals - saved some money and the box had never been opened .
yes it comes with cartridges . they are not full capacity but they lasted me about 3 months .
this printer does not have a scanner .
watch out for the lettering in the printer model number . nw means this printer will print network and wireless , but will not duplex . if there was a d in the model the d stands for duplex , which it will print front and back . get the m451dw if you want duplex printing .
i 've gone through over a thousand pages and still going !
yes
we use the printer on a home network with an imac , 2 pc 's , 2 ipads ( air printing ) and no problems at all .
it handles envelopes just fine.be aware of off brand toners . i used some and they leaked . when i went back to the hp toner the printer would now longer accept them . i am still looking to fix this machine so if you know anyone that can help let me know .
oops , my last response was for a different printer . yes , airprint on this model is very slick and works well for all apple products .
it is not a photo quality printer , but as laserjets go , i was impressed with the color .
yes , this one will duplex .
yes . prints both sides without you doing anything
50 lb paper is not cardstock , but that opens up a huge can o worms about basis weights , us vs euro measurements and so on . if you use 110 lb cover stock it will work but of course you must feed it one sheet at a time . this is one of the few printers which ( more or less ) sets to print on heavier stock better : it simply slows the paper down so the heat can heat up the heavier paper a little more . so when you go to the print dialog and set the paper `` type '' i think you will notice there are really 7 levels -- there has to be an odd number so that `` normal '' is in the `` middle '' and when it says card glossy 176-220 gm that is the slowest print speed therefore it heats the paper the most . all i can say about this printer is it 's simply less annoying than most others . 50 lb paper is not cardstock , but that opens up a huge can o worms about basis weights , us vs euro measurements and so on . if you use 110 lb cover stock it will work but of course you must feed it one sheet at a time . this is one of the few printers which ( more or less ) sets to print on heavier stock better : it simply slows the paper down so the heat can heat up the heavier paper a little more . so when you go to the print dialog and set the paper `` type '' i think you will notice there are really 7 levels -- there has to be an odd number so that `` normal '' is in the ... » read more 50 lb paper is not cardstock , but that opens up a huge can o worms about basis weights , us vs euro measurements and so on . if you use 110 lb cover stock it will work but of course you must feed it one sheet at a time . this is one of the few printers which ( more or less ) sets to print on heavier stock better : it simply slows the paper down so the heat can heat up the heavier paper a little more . so when you go to the print dialog and set the paper `` type '' i think you will notice there are really 7 levels -- there has to be an odd number so that `` normal '' is in the `` middle '' and when it says card glossy 176-220 gm that is the slowest print speed therefore it heats the paper the most . all i can say about this printer is it 's simply less annoying than most others . « show less
it 's a starter ink . so they are n't completely full . u should def buy back ups
yes
yes very
yes you can . you can access this option easily through the settings on the lcd display and by navigating using the trackpad .
once or twice a month , i print on 100 # or 67 # heavy 8-1 2x11 paper . for this reply , i just printed a page containing color photos and an org chart using word shapes . i printed it on both 100 # and 20 # paper and the quality is excellent and indistinguishable between the regular paper and the heavy paper . if you are printing heavy paper every day , i do n't know if it would cause problems ; i 've never had a jam or the like . with 100 # , the single-sheet manual feed may not pick up the page , so i simply place the 100 # sheet in the paper tray .
on a color page it is 30-35 seconds , but it is worth the wait -- the color quality is excellent , even on standard printer paper . on a black and white page it is about 10-12 seconds . i print wirelessly , which is a tad slower than with a direct cable connection .
yes , you just need to remember which one you are using and identify it . otherwise , you sit there like a dummy wondering why nothing is printing ... .lol . not that i am saying i have done that ... ..however ... ok , i have .
i have printed on 80lb and it works perfectly and i just recently got 120 lb but have n't been able to try it . i will try it and let you know .
yes . it works very well . the 11x17 capability was the specific reason i bought this item .
absolutely not ! you just have to adjust the settings . i work as a comic inker and have to scan my inked comic boards into the computer to convert the files for coloring and printing . and they have to be very high quality scans to preserve the integrity of the work for this process . this is what i use my workforce epson scanner for . so if you adjust the settings to a higher quality , this scanner does wonderfully .
regular paper cardstock from office supply stores ( staples , office depot , fedex office etc . ) yes . other paper companies ( neenah , paper mill etc . ) only go up to 100lb card stock .
scan by using your computer so that way you can choose the resolution scan when scanning . i always go for 300 or higher spi setting when scanning . trekkintheplains might just have theirs set to auto which is 72 dpi and that 's a very low quality scan .
i use it to print , scan , copy 1 4 scale drawings , it works well for scanning and copying .
the black color is from a black cartridge and can print black only if necessary
yes there is a warranty , i do n't have the information in front of me but i know it is at least a year . i have used epson peinters for years and i think this is one of the best i have had .
yes you can go in user defined and set your size after you choose envelope in printer preference hope this helps
unfortunately , it 's not wireless .
hi jeran , i am sorry , i have not used magnet sheets and ca n't answer your question . i have used other photo fabric and iron on ( for crafts ) sheets . they worked just fine in this printer .
you can purchase sublimation inks for this printer . the factory inks are pigment based .
you will notice a color shift using the epson inks when heat is applied . the reds tend to shift to brown once heated.get a bulk ink system and be sure to use the color profiles provided by the ink manufacturer , if they do n't have a color profile , do n't use that brand ink , find a vendor that has color profiles setup , and install them on your system . you 're probably using corel or illustrator photoshop for creating artwork for your transfers so turn off the color profiles in settings for that program and use the printer dialogue box settings , to choose the proper color profile . you want the printer to control the settings not the software . the software is made for a lot of different places for it to be used ( electronic , paper , textiles etc ... ) and the computer is an rgb color space output , where as the printer is a cmyk color space output.some vendors will custom make a profile for the specific brand of heat transfer paper you 're using , as each brand has their own idiosyncrasies . and they will make a color profile specifically for the paper you 're using so you will not get a color shift when heated . they 'll charge you to create the custom profile , but if you 're doing heat transfers to sell , you want them to look the best they can possibly be , right ? also the printer will print on larger than 19 '' paper . if you get roll paper , cut to the length you want , and use the manual feed . you 're still constrained by the 13 '' width , but you can print as long as you want . i own 2 of these printers and have done +40 '' output on many occasions . ( gang sheets for decals and bumper stickers , etc ... ) you will notice a color shift using the epson inks when heat is applied . the reds tend to shift to brown once heated.get a bulk ink system and be sure to use the color profiles provided by the ink manufacturer , if they do n't have a color profile , do n't use that brand ink , find a vendor that has color profiles setup , and install them on your system . you 're probably using corel or illustrator photoshop for creating artwork for your transfers so turn off the color profiles in settings for that program and use the printer dialogue box settings , to choose the proper color profile . you want ... » read more you will notice a color shift using the epson inks when heat is applied . the reds tend to shift to brown once heated.get a bulk ink system and be sure to use the color profiles provided by the ink manufacturer , if they do n't have a color profile , do n't use that brand ink , find a vendor that has color profiles setup , and install them on your system . you 're probably using corel or illustrator photoshop for creating artwork for your transfers so turn off the color profiles in settings for that program and use the printer dialogue box settings , to choose the proper color profile . you want the printer to control the settings not the software . the software is made for a lot of different places for it to be used ( electronic , paper , textiles etc ... ) and the computer is an rgb color space output , where as the printer is a cmyk color space output.some vendors will custom make a profile for the specific brand of heat transfer paper you 're using , as each brand has their own idiosyncrasies . and they will make a color profile specifically for the paper you 're using so you will not get a color shift when heated . they 'll charge you to create the custom profile , but if you 're doing heat transfers to sell , you want them to look the best they can possibly be , right ? also the printer will print on larger than 19 '' paper . if you get roll paper , cut to the length you want , and use the manual feed . you 're still constrained by the 13 '' width , but you can print as long as you want . i own 2 of these printers and have done +40 '' output on many occasions . ( gang sheets for decals and bumper stickers , etc ... ) « show less
yes . i print my 12x12 cardstock all the time .
hi , i 've been using 192gm which is not as heavy but still quite thick and i 've had no problems . i 've never tried a heavier stock . i would assume if you are paying for a larger printer it should be able to accommodate heavier stock anyway .
yes . i use it for sublimating apparel but i use continuous ink ( with sublimation ink ) system attached to it .
yes . it either has to be connected through wireless or a standard usb printer cable .
never been able to get it to wirelessly scan . it 's kind of slow scanning wired
less than 1 min . i used it mainly to print 13 x 19 plates . the print quality is not as crisp as my epson 810. i am overall satisfied with the printer since there is not many other options to choose from for large format scanning and large format printing besides using professional copiers or plotters .
janice , bring up the print screen , choose paper size and select tray 1 or 2 .
card stock , yes . i have used with a variety of heavier stocks . i am not familiar with the bristol board by that name but from reading its description i would expect that it would also print fine , if heavier card stocks work .
either tray # 1 or # 2 can be used . move the side bars all the way to the outside and pull back of the lever which is on the right side of the tray . when the lever is pulled back the entire front portion of the tray will release and extend back . insert paper , slide the middle slide bar toward the back as is done when putting in 8 1 2x 11 eleven paper or envelopes . move the side bars in just as is done when putting regular paper or envelopes in and the printer is ready to use . paper as big as 13x19 can be used in the printer . just reverse the procedure to bring the tray back to the normal size for your paper . either tray # 1 or # 2 can be used . move the side bars all the way to the outside and pull back of the lever which is on the right side of the tray . when the lever is pulled back the entire front portion of the tray will release and extend back . insert paper , slide the middle slide bar toward the back as is done when putting in 8 1 2x 11 eleven paper or envelopes . move the side bars in just as is done when putting regular paper or envelopes in and the printer is ready to use . paper as big as 13x19 can be used in the printer . just reverse the procedure to bring the tray back to the normal size ... » read more either tray # 1 or # 2 can be used . move the side bars all the way to the outside and pull back of the lever which is on the right side of the tray . when the lever is pulled back the entire front portion of the tray will release and extend back . insert paper , slide the middle slide bar toward the back as is done when putting in 8 1 2x 11 eleven paper or envelopes . move the side bars in just as is done when putting regular paper or envelopes in and the printer is ready to use . paper as big as 13x19 can be used in the printer . just reverse the procedure to bring the tray back to the normal size for your paper . « show less
it comes with a disc that has the drivers and the the software for the scanner and fax . scanner software is a little cumbersome but it works good
yes i believe so ... but the stupid printer has never worked for us . sent it to them for service and it worked for a day when we got it back ...
sorry ca n't help you out there . i return the machine because it did n't work out for me . i found that the samsung is to complicated for the user and the brother are much easier and their online support is wonderful .
yes , i use scx-3405fw to print from my ipad and iphone .
yes but only prints black and white
no , the samsung scx-3405 fw is not color .
when i bought mine , the toner did come with it . this was less than a year ago .
yes
it will work on standardized tests . these are the nicest pencils i have ever had , and when they are gone , i will buy more . i care about the smooth feel of my pencil on paper . i draw mainly with pencil . if you care about these things they are worth the $ $ , however , i would never use these pencils to take tests , it 's a waste of a superior pencil
i do n't really draw -- that being said -- for some reason i imagine it might be a nice pencil for drawing . lead is soft and i like writing with it because it 's almost effortless . the downside to this is that it requires frequent sharpening , especially since i also prefer a very sharp point as well . and ... since it writes so dark , does n't erase as easily sometimes . for me , it 's a very comfortable pencil . wow , realize how ocd i sound . anyways , hope this helps ...
i am a righty . do n't know about lefties .
yes
the box says they 're made in japan .
yes
the large bottom drawer is for hanging files .
not real wood , more like a thicker particle board , but i like it nonetheless .
i have n't found bookcases by the same company that go with the desk . but if you 're looking for something similar , i 'd recommend ikea 's billy bookshelves in black-brown . the color matches the desk very well .
hello . it is not finished on the back .
yes , fits on either side , i have it configured opposite the picture .
yes , it did . we decided not to use it
space for a computer tower , just empty
no . it wo n't take anything wider than 8 1 2 inches .
yes . 10 100 fast ethernet is built in .
yes it comes with 4. everything you need to pullit out of the box and set it up just add paper and install software and your set .
the printer produces excellent color -- it 's at it 's best on a coated stock but also does a nice job on heavy card stock . i calibrate my monitor and the images the printer produces are pretty much indistinguishable from the image on the screen . btw , you ca n't use ink jet photo paper . it would run the printer . it would do an excellent job on a newsletter or short run brochure , however .
it comes with a set ...
yes
for black & white scans in pdf format it scans 30+pages fine . when i switch to color scanning of the same document i usually have to break the scan up into 3 to 4 parts to scan all the documents . i use a pdf converter software to bundle all the pages into one document to make up for this minor issue .
comes with partially full cartridges rated at 1000 pages .
works perfectlyjohn
it is 23x29 inches . its a lot of work to fill out but helpful & appreciated by others .
no . just a very large printout to allow you to write in 15 generations . it is helpful to me to have this larger view of my family tree when working on family history . really just another basic tool to use
no , only room for one spouse . would be nice if it did tho !
the answer is yes and no . front side of form . from parents through 2nd great grandparents the form provides adequate room for birth date and location , married date and location , death date and location , and burial date and location ( all of these entries are printed on the form ) . there is also a small space to write something else like military service . for 3rd great grandparents only birth date and location and death date and location are printed with little other space . on 4th great grandparents only born and died are printed with very little other space . starting with 5th great grandparents there is only one line per person to put name and little else , maybe birth and death years . back side of form . the back side is a continuation of 32 select 6th great grandparents from the front side . these 6th great grandparents have birth date and place and death date and location printed with little other space . 7th great grandparents have birth and date printed with very little other space . 8th and 9th great grandparents only have one line for name and anything else you can cram in . 32 select 10th great grandparents again have space for birth date and location and death date and location with little other space . 11th great grandparents have birth and death lines printed and very little other space . 12th great grandparents again have on one line each . keep in mind you can not put every relative for 15 generations on this form . through 9th generation you can , but after that only 32 select lines from 9th to 12th generations . then for the 12th generation you can continue with another 32 select lines through 15th generation . sounds confusing but after looking at form it is evident what to do . everything you write on this form has to be in small print to fit . bottom line a great form for having almost your whole family tree on one form . but you need good eyes and a fine tip pencil to use with some generations only having room for name and maybe birth and death years . the answer is yes and no . front side of form . from parents through 2nd great grandparents the form provides adequate room for birth date and location , married date and location , death date and location , and burial date and location ( all of these entries are printed on the form ) . there is also a small space to write something else like military service . for 3rd great grandparents only birth date and location and death date and location are printed with little other space . on 4th great grandparents only born and died are printed with very little other space . starting with 5th great ... » read more the answer is yes and no . front side of form . from parents through 2nd great grandparents the form provides adequate room for birth date and location , married date and location , death date and location , and burial date and location ( all of these entries are printed on the form ) . there is also a small space to write something else like military service . for 3rd great grandparents only birth date and location and death date and location are printed with little other space . on 4th great grandparents only born and died are printed with very little other space . starting with 5th great grandparents there is only one line per person to put name and little else , maybe birth and death years . back side of form . the back side is a continuation of 32 select 6th great grandparents from the front side . these 6th great grandparents have birth date and place and death date and location printed with little other space . 7th great grandparents have birth and date printed with very little other space . 8th and 9th great grandparents only have one line for name and anything else you can cram in . 32 select 10th great grandparents again have space for birth date and location and death date and location with little other space . 11th great grandparents have birth and death lines printed and very little other space . 12th great grandparents again have on one line each . keep in mind you can not put every relative for 15 generations on this form . through 9th generation you can , but after that only 32 select lines from 9th to 12th generations . then for the 12th generation you can continue with another 32 select lines through 15th generation . sounds confusing but after looking at form it is evident what to do . everything you write on this form has to be in small print to fit . bottom line a great form for having almost your whole family tree on one form . but you need good eyes and a fine tip pencil to use with some generations only having room for name and maybe birth and death years . « show less
# 1 is you . # 2 is your father and 3 your mother . male lines are the even numbers and female spouses are odd numbers in all generations . paternal lines are upper part of the chart and maternal the lower half.i 've used a 15 gen chart to get the big picture that even computers ca n't do .
if it is a clear slide it is a clear pic , the iphone can only take what it sees . just how good we 're those slide taking cameras anyway ? so far i have been satisfied but not excited . for the money , it still is a good buy .
hi sir , i bought this item too and realized that it 's not a printer , in fact it 's only a scanner . you can insert pictures you taken into the item and take pictures of it with your phone . this item is really just useless !
i think you 've misunderstood the purpose of this device . it 's a light box to use your iphone 4 4s to digitize your paper photos and negatives by taking pictures of them with the iphone camera . it does n't print photos or negatives from the iphone .
i do n't believe so . the compartment on top that the phone sits in is molded for a iphone 4 size phone .
4x6
if you have issues with the ion app , just use the phone 's camera . you can then edit the photo in any photo app or program . got this for christmas , and love it !
this is not a scanner or a printer . this simply aligns the picture so that you can take a picture with your phone
no it is made for an iphone 4 or 4s . i do n't know if they make these for other phones . but in any case , i would n't recommend this .
works great for receipts and everything else .
yes , you can scan using a regular sd card , and just insert the card into your computer . the scanned documents should be there .
after you scan your first document , watch for the blue light on the mod that you have selected . when it starts to blink rapidly , insert your next document and continue to do so with all the documents you have . it will make you one scanned file . i just learned about that trick by accident recently !
no , my scanner came with one . merry christmas ...
yes it does .
do not need scanner
no just transverse 35mm slides and negatives
they slip in easily w out removing the cardboard . very handy device .
35mm film , 6 pictures total , and they have nibs on the inside to help line up the negatives .
i have a f2-d20m and everything works just fine .
we have been successful with slides , and there is a 35mm tray for negatives , but i do not believe they accommodate 110 negs .
i do n't know for sure but i believe they would work o.k . you have to snap the front and bottom of the trays together to put it into the scanner but i do n't believe that will be a problem as the scanner slot is big enough to handle the wider slides . i bought three of these trays but i found out just one is all you need unless you are going to have another person loading the trays while you scan .
yes . here is a pic of that scanner with the slide tray : wolverine f2d20 20 megapixels 35mm to digital converter
i am afraid i ca n't answer the question as i own an f2d20 ( orange ) converter .
i don'the know , since i have the green version of the copier . i think it should work because the only difference seems to be the resolution of the device .
yes , it should work - be aware - there are trays for slides and trays for the old picture strip negatives - different holders for each .
no
you would have to copy the slide , upload to your computer then use your computer software to size the photo you want and then print the photo . the 20 megapixel slide copier makes good copies , but when you print the photo be sure you print at 600 or 1200 dpi to get decent photos ; default 300 doi will not do it . check your printer to see what dpi it will copy at .
i have the 20mp wolverine scanner and the trays work great ! even better than the one that came with the scanner . with magnetic additions it opens and closes much easier !
there is a small hole on the bottom of the phone that looks like it could accommodate a headset jack , but it 's not really clear that 's what it is , and there is no mention of it in the instruction manual , so i 'm going to say `` no '' in answer to your question .
mounted on the wall , with the handset in place it is 4 1 4 inche 's deep ( measuring over the handset ) x 7 inches wide x 8 1 2 inches tall
yes it does : )
only need batteries .
i have not tried to do that , but the owner 's guide says it can store up to 25 telephone numbers and names ( phone numbers up to 24 digits and names up to 15 characters )
it is a land line that plugs into the wall jack , but there is a backup battery for the digital display . it does not plug into a power outlet .
medium .
shaffer no nonsense fountain pen takes cartridge or converter . we can sell you cartridges . for your information : the pen comes with 2 cartridges
it 's a see-through dark aqua green cartridge pen , # 1 medium nib . the packaging does not indicate `` no nonsense '' -- i do not know what that means .
it worked perfect until we updated to ios8 . now we can not get it to work . we have not tried it with ios8.1
yes , the scanned documents that enter the ipad are saved as a jpeg into your camera roll within the ipad . you would then simply email from the mail app or from photos . if you want them to become a pdf before you email them , download a free app using keywords : scan to pdf . within the new app you downloaded , it can pull images from your camera roll or camera , and convert them to a pdf and you can email it within that app . i know it 's an extra step , but it saves the step from having to convert them from your computer . hope this helps : )
my ipad is synced with my air mac computer with icloud , so my pics automatically go to my lap top . i also can plug my ipad to my computer and transfer my pics if i did n't have icloud through iphoto on my mac lap top . hope this is helpful !
i have not tried using scanner with new operating system , sorry
no .
yes adam , you can scam multiple pages to a single file with the auto doc feed feature . by the way , this is the best printed i ever had by far , its fast , quiet , powerful
yes ... via the usb port .
yes it is ... ..and easily configured . you load the software and follow the instructions . it wakes up the printer from th requesting wireless device and completes the pint job . i have three laptops linked to mine ( 2 with windows 7 and 1 with windows 8 ) . it works flawlessly .
i use the top tray only for envelopes and the bottom one ( which holds more paper ) for regular printing . you have to program the printer by going into the paper setup for each tray . the top tray actually has a little impression of an envelope with the flap up so that you know which way to position the stack of envelopes . you will love it !
liquid
no but i have completely given up on getting this to print wirelessly . it connects when you set it up , then it does n't recognize it . that part of this printer is useless .
yes it works fine with xp .
sorry james , i have n't used it but i believe it is only used for faxing.rick
the software that it comes with allows you to do that . i do t all the time using the top feeder . you just open the software and click on the stack option . then once it 's all scanned it gives you several options in he bottom left hand corner . one of which is to save in one file vs separately . let me know if you need more detailed help .
hiit requires mobile phone equipped with pictbridge technology and a usb cable to print pictures . you can download the app for free . also , it requires mobile phone ( or other device ) equipped with bluetooth v2.0 technology and optional canon bluetooth unit bu-30 . bluetooth operation depends on the device and software version used . operating distance is approx . 10 meters but may vary due to obstacles , radio signals , locations where radio interference occurs , magnetic fields from microwave ovens , device sensitivity and or antenna performance.you can http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction office_all_in_one_inkjet_printers pixma_mx432 hiit requires mobile phone equipped with pictbridge technology and a usb cable to print pictures . you can download the app for free . also , it requires mobile phone ( or other device ) equipped with bluetooth v2.0 technology and optional canon bluetooth unit bu-30 . bluetooth operation depends on the device and software version used . operating distance is approx . 10 meters but may vary due to obstacles , radio signals , locations where radio interference occurs , magnetic fields from microwave ovens , device sensitivity and or antenna performance.you can ... » read more hiit requires mobile phone equipped with pictbridge technology and a usb cable to print pictures . you can download the app for free . also , it requires mobile phone ( or other device ) equipped with bluetooth v2.0 technology and optional canon bluetooth unit bu-30 . bluetooth operation depends on the device and software version used . operating distance is approx . 10 meters but may vary due to obstacles , radio signals , locations where radio interference occurs , magnetic fields from microwave ovens , device sensitivity and or antenna performance.you can http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction office_all_in_one_inkjet_printers pixma_mx432 « show less
we 've never had to use the fax , so i ca n't answer that one . i 've always thought the photos came out around an 8 , but since the ink cartridges are expensive to replace , we do n't do a lot of photo printing .
see http : www.usa.canon.com cusa support consumer printers_multifunction pixma_mg_series pixma_mg3520 # driversandsoftware
i have not tried duplex scanning , but yes , it does copy from the document feeder on top , it scans from the document feeder on top , and also both scans and copies from the plate .
according to the specs it runs mac os® x 10.5.8 , 10.6 , 10.71 so you should be fine .
ink jet
yes ... .and it is an awesome chair . very comfortable .
the seat adjusts from 24 '' to 32 '' h. this measurement is taken from the floor to the top of the seat cushion .
you can lock in the position as you prefer for tilt .
it can be used on the entire length of the pneumatic cylinder . we do not have the exact range but 5.5 '' - 15 '' sounds about right .
no i do n't think it will work . good luck .
correctable tape , on an ibm wheelwriter , is a separate item from the printing cartridge . some offers include both . i have seen 2 print cartridges : 1 correcting ribbon and 3 print cartridges : 1 correcting ribbon .
unknown . i did a general ( bing or google ) search for cartridges for an ibm wheelwriter ii , to be sure this part number was compatible . had to examine 3 , or 4 , web sites to be absolutely sure it was . success ! they fit perfectly .
it has the attachment points for the separate correction cartridge but does not come with it already attached . you need to purchase the correction cartridge separately and attach them together yourself before mounting on the typewriter .
no .
it was for my wheelwriter . i have used since purchase with no problems
i own this phone and it would be difficult to hang any of the units on the wall.they seem to do better on a flat surface .
yes , mine is : - )
not that i 'm aware of ' , now you can turn down 2 of your phones if you have 3 phones . sorry i ca n't be of more help
if your question is does the phone have or offer encrypted call security , i do not believe so . this would be a good question to ask a panasonic tech rep .
yes .
no , it wo n't work in a power outage because my base unit is plugged into my household current and the phone line service is provided by the cable company . for power outages , it 's best to rely on a separate phone line that 's hard wired to a telephone company , e.g. , verizon .
yes , the phones automatically conference and multiple people in your household can talk to an outside caller at the same time . we do this often when family calls from out of town . you just push the talk button and you 've joined the call too !
yes , if you have caller i.d . you can block up to 30 numbers
yes , i would rate it as good in that department . also , the buttons on this model are slightly larger than the buttons on my older panasonic phone .
i have not used this feature , but when int is pressed it asks whether you want to transfer call to base , handset 2 or handset 3. sorry if this is not helpful .
good sound so far as i am concerned . better than a lot of cell phones , that 's for sure .
nothing in the instruction booklet says anything about a hearing aide but you can plug a head set into it .
i have only seen the number of new messages displayed on the base set , however i have not actually looked to see if the number was displayed on the other head sets . all of the headsets flash when there are messages .
love the keypad . even though we have 5 phones with this system , it seems my family is always carrying them away from their base chargers and forget to put them back . my base is in the kitchen and inevitably while i 'm busy cooking , someone will call or i remember i 'm supposed to return a call . rather than chase down 1 of the phones , i can hit the speakerphone , take the call , or make a call . i love the intercom system too ! sure saves lots of leg work !
yes it does !
yes
yes it does , located on the main base . i have used it often .
there is a headphone jack . i would guess this is compatible with the panasonic wired headset , however , i have not used a headset .
any phone in your system can join in the conversation by just pressing the `` talk '' button . you can put a call on hold by pressing the `` menu '' button then select `` hold '' from the scroll down menu . you can now use the intercom to page another handset . either phone can resume the conversation by pressing `` talk '' .
yes , it can be set up that way .
no its not
the black box is an antenna extender . these phones are awesome great range great sound quality
i did not know till you asked but i just looked and yes they can . thanks now ill mount some of mine on the wall lol . these are by far the best cordless phones ive ever owned by the way
should , i have a iphone 5 , and you can add as many hand sets is my understanding i have 4 extra handsets . i love this and asked for it in my divorce ..
clear -- -- very satisfiedmarie
no . you will need to turn the base unit ringer off in addition to setting each handset to the silent mode which can be done for certain hours of the day or night as needed . or just set the silent mode which will display on each phone that is set .
i use these phones with ooma telo and i am very happy them . voice quality is very good and caller id works properly .
yes
no , you have to scan each side .
the software can be told to expect a one sided card or a two sided card . to scan a two sided card you scan one side then flip it over and scan the other and the software saves it as one image .
no . it only scans cards
the scanner works great . the image is saved to a folder you designate with the software that comes with the scanner . very easy setup .
specificationshigh-resolution color scanner delivers clear , complete color imagesideal for scanning insurance and id cards into electronic patient filesimage capture assists in meeting hipaa guidelines by promoting improved data security ( no more unsecured photocopies of licenses or insurance cards ) plug and play integration with electronic medical record , practice management and other systems leverages existing it investmentsperfect for use with athenanet® by athenahealth inc ( see the support tab for a configuration file ) industry standard twain support simplifies interoperability with a broad range of software applicationsversatile scanner can be used as either an integrated or stand-alone device , maximizing flexibilitycompact footprint makes efficient use of space specificationshigh-resolution color scanner delivers clear , complete color imagesideal for scanning insurance and id cards into electronic patient filesimage capture assists in meeting hipaa guidelines by promoting improved data security ( no more unsecured photocopies of licenses or insurance cards ) plug and play integration with electronic medical record , practice management and other systems leverages existing it investmentsperfect for use with athenanet® by athenahealth inc ( see the support tab for a configuration file ) industry standard twain support ... » read more specificationshigh-resolution color scanner delivers clear , complete color imagesideal for scanning insurance and id cards into electronic patient filesimage capture assists in meeting hipaa guidelines by promoting improved data security ( no more unsecured photocopies of licenses or insurance cards ) plug and play integration with electronic medical record , practice management and other systems leverages existing it investmentsperfect for use with athenanet® by athenahealth inc ( see the support tab for a configuration file ) industry standard twain support simplifies interoperability with a broad range of software applicationsversatile scanner can be used as either an integrated or stand-alone device , maximizing flexibilitycompact footprint makes efficient use of space « show less
you can load your scanned document directly to your computer
i have not tried it with photos yet but i have scanned lots of my daughter 's art work to save and it has performed beautifully .
yes . after scaning of the first page the program asks do you want to scan the second page , then you save all work into one file .
the scanner is powered over usb , so for a vehicle you would first need a laptop , then scan it over usb to the laptop , but for that you would need a direct power line in your vehicle , or a 12v to 120v power converter to keep the computer charged . i also do not believe the scanner has local storage if you have a standard usb charger for a car that you could use
yes it does , but receipts longer than 17 inches get cut off .
hi vaughn , it is a 1-sided scanner , although the software allows you to connect subsequent scans into one document .
seems fairly accommodating . i definitely tried cardstock thickness and it was fine .
the box shows compatibility with windows 7 & 8. i installed it on a windows 7 computer and it works great . epson has the best scanning software .
hi ronni , yes it does , mentioned outside the retail box as well as on the included mac cd .
yes . i installed this in win 8.1 pc .
there is an export feature that allows you to transfer you cards to outlook and it works fine . it does require an additional step on your part but it is fast and easy .
the one i received was worldcard pro as was the supporting software .
yes . you can add user defined fields to the data . you will need to manually input the info , after the card is scanned , during the data verification process . it is a little tricky to adjust the settings to include your added fields during export your first time around , but there are instructions included detailing that very thing .
no , it does not ; just the display in either english or spanish
black and pink
yes . my son uses it for his spanish class . he saids it helps a lot .
no , more like a hard bound book .
when i use an extra fine pilot ball point pen writing can be seen , a regular ball point pen can be seen but neither bleed through . however , when i use uniball vision fine ballpoint pen print does bleed through . this does not alter my use of the booklet , i am pleased with it for my purposes . hope this helps .
its fairly thick . not as thick as some diaries i 've had . however i have n't had any problems with bleed through . i write with a sharpie pen . i was afraid it would bleed through but it has n't . however i would n't use a fountain pen on this paper . i 'm sure it would bleed through . so as long as you 're using a ball point , a sharpie like me or a roller point pen , you should be fine . ty
i use it with a fountain pen ( exclusively ) and it works fine . no bleed through .
yes we have those . they are $ 12.99 plus shipping.thanks ,
on the box it states : item size : 7.84 '' x 5.67 '' x 2.28 '' .
when i used mine , it was accurate in any object above 3 ounces , as i did n't really need to weigh anything that was less than 3 ounces . i did n't have any issues with accuracy , my only issue was with it dying after a period of time with very light use .
the flip up `` lid '' is so you can stand your envelope on edge so you can see the address when you type it in your computer to print out a shipping label . for the normal person at home this might not really be handy unless you are shipping a lot of envelopes . you stand the envelope on edge to weight it and type in the address from the envelope in your shipping software on your computer . it is easier to read the address of the envelope when it is standing up rather then lying down . i used to work in a shipping dept and that is just a more time efficient way to read the address off the envelope . you glance over , read the address , type it in , print it out . harder to read the address when it flat . the flip up `` lid '' is so you can stand your envelope on edge so you can see the address when you type it in your computer to print out a shipping label . for the normal person at home this might not really be handy unless you are shipping a lot of envelopes . you stand the envelope on edge to weight it and type in the address from the envelope in your shipping software on your computer . it is easier to read the address of the envelope when it is standing up rather then lying down . i used to work in a shipping dept and that is just a more time efficient way to read the address off the ... » read more the flip up `` lid '' is so you can stand your envelope on edge so you can see the address when you type it in your computer to print out a shipping label . for the normal person at home this might not really be handy unless you are shipping a lot of envelopes . you stand the envelope on edge to weight it and type in the address from the envelope in your shipping software on your computer . it is easier to read the address of the envelope when it is standing up rather then lying down . i used to work in a shipping dept and that is just a more time efficient way to read the address off the envelope . you glance over , read the address , type it in , print it out . harder to read the address when it flat . « show less
no
the weight of your mailpiece is an important factor in determining the postage price you pay . in general , the heavier the mailpiece , the more it costs to mail.for certain classes of mail the price is determined by how far the mailpiece travels to get to its destination : the farther it travels the more you pay in postage . the actual distance is measured by `` zones . '' zones range from zone 1 ( local , close to you ) to zone 8 ( very far away from you ) . the farther the mail goes , the more zones it crosses , and the more postage you pay.-for first-class mail , shape and weight will determine the price.-for priority mail , the price is a combination of weight , size , and how far the mailpiece is traveling . -for standard mail , weight does not affect price until the mailpiece reaches 3.3 ounces . -for standard post , parcel select , and bound printed matter , weight and distance determine the price.first-class mail , standard mail , library mail , and media mail are not zoned . that means you pay the same price no matter where your mail is going . the weight of your mailpiece is an important factor in determining the postage price you pay . in general , the heavier the mailpiece , the more it costs to mail.for certain classes of mail the price is determined by how far the mailpiece travels to get to its destination : the farther it travels the more you pay in postage . the actual distance is measured by `` zones . '' zones range from zone 1 ( local , close to you ) to zone 8 ( very far away from you ) . the farther the mail goes , the more zones it crosses , and the more postage you pay.-for first-class mail , shape ... » read more the weight of your mailpiece is an important factor in determining the postage price you pay . in general , the heavier the mailpiece , the more it costs to mail.for certain classes of mail the price is determined by how far the mailpiece travels to get to its destination : the farther it travels the more you pay in postage . the actual distance is measured by `` zones . '' zones range from zone 1 ( local , close to you ) to zone 8 ( very far away from you ) . the farther the mail goes , the more zones it crosses , and the more postage you pay.-for first-class mail , shape and weight will determine the price.-for priority mail , the price is a combination of weight , size , and how far the mailpiece is traveling . -for standard mail , weight does not affect price until the mailpiece reaches 3.3 ounces . -for standard post , parcel select , and bound printed matter , weight and distance determine the price.first-class mail , standard mail , library mail , and media mail are not zoned . that means you pay the same price no matter where your mail is going . « show less
china the 51st state
no , but it has a plug on it that will accept one , however it must be purchased seperately . places like radio shack should sell them . i have not had a need for buying the ac adaptor , i 've had the same battery in this unit since i first bought it , and i use it several times everyday . i like that if i ever do need to buy one i can , but for now not having the clumsy cord to get in the way is ideal for me since i constantly move it around..
it is very light weight i struggles with card stock , so i would say no .
radius .
it most definitely wo n't cut a 2mm . soft wood . it 's a good & precise tool , but only for light duty use . - it will handle business card thickness cardstock , but nothing more . - i have since obtained a zutter round-it-all heavy duty corner rounder to cut the 1 32 '' card i use . the cut is n't as clean as i would like , but it beats doing it by hand with scissors . martha stewart makes an inexpensive heavy-duty corner rounder that i would like to try , but they do n't say what the radius of the cut is . ( i require a 1 8 '' radius , equivalent to a 1 4 '' diameter . ) if you search corner rounder on ebay , you will see many varieties from light duty to heavy duty table mounted ones . it most definitely wo n't cut a 2mm . soft wood . it 's a good & precise tool , but only for light duty use . - it will handle business card thickness cardstock , but nothing more . - i have since obtained a zutter round-it-all heavy duty corner rounder to cut the 1 32 '' card i use . the cut is n't as clean as i would like , but it beats doing it by hand with scissors . martha stewart makes an inexpensive heavy-duty corner rounder that i would like to try , but they do n't say what the radius of the cut is . ( i require a 1 8 '' radius , equivalent to a 1 4 '' diameter . ) if you search corner ... » read more it most definitely wo n't cut a 2mm . soft wood . it 's a good & precise tool , but only for light duty use . - it will handle business card thickness cardstock , but nothing more . - i have since obtained a zutter round-it-all heavy duty corner rounder to cut the 1 32 '' card i use . the cut is n't as clean as i would like , but it beats doing it by hand with scissors . martha stewart makes an inexpensive heavy-duty corner rounder that i would like to try , but they do n't say what the radius of the cut is . ( i require a 1 8 '' radius , equivalent to a 1 4 '' diameter . ) if you search corner rounder on ebay , you will see many varieties from light duty to heavy duty table mounted ones . « show less
yes . a similar amazon listing has the dimensions of these rolls fitting the first data fd400.link : 50 receipt paper rolls for first data fd400 and nurit 8000 credit card terminals
hi anne ; thank you for your inquiry . the item you have inquired is bpa free . bpa is a mass-produced industrial chemical used primarily to make polycarbonate plastics and epoxy resins . there are concerns regarding bpa 's potential health effects however there no proven cases that is so . bpa free products are made without this chemical and that is ow they get their name.pospaperroll customer service
yes it will .
they are 1 and 7 16 inches or about 36mm .
yes , it does .
yes , i believe it would work just fine ... runs out fast though .
yes it will work - paper is 2.25 '' wide - correct paper for ict 220 is 2.1875 '' wide
i have a chase paymentech - small blue ict250 and it works in there .
yes , this will work . it is correct width 2 1 4 '' but it is a smaller roll in length only 50ft . per casio 's website , there is a bigger size 2 1 4 x 85 ' that will be more economical . i sell that as well . hope this helps .
comes with a bracket that screws to monitor . then that brackets slides onto stand .
no . i think you 'd spend more than you need to : this model is made to hold up two monitors .
yes
treva , i have 2 : 23-1 4 '' monitors ( measured diagonally ) , on my workfit , there is room for larger monitors than that-possibly up 25 '' .
this will work very well . my desk has a beveled edge also .
yes , i have a 24 '' monitor on mine .
no , the base is limited to the front edge of the desk . the keyboard tray area will extend beyond in order to go below desk level . i hope that helps your question . they make a different model which attaches to the back side of the desk and monitor and keyboard can push back or brought forward to your liking .
yes . would be a little bit of work but definitely doable .
is the devise secured and how hard are you typing ? with mine i have non issues . i do use a pvc pipe to help support it when is fully extended pvc is easy to cut it to the exact length and it 's very sting
it depends on you monitor . it needs to have the correct type of mounting for the ergotron .
yes , you need a table or desk to attach the workstation upon .
my monitor had the necessary screw holes in the back to mount the bracket for the installation ...
my wifes cpu is on the floor and the printer is on a counter next to the ergotron . your monitor cables have to be long enough to extend the length of the travel of the unit . i hope this helps .
the desk can be small as long as it is at least 28 '' wide and 18 '' deep . the keyboard is the widest part at 17 '' . it should not topple over as the weight will be over the center of the desk . these are my thoughts , but you may want to contact the manufacturer if you have further questions as to the size desk you will have .
i do n't know , but if you go to ergotron.com and search under `` quick finder by display model '' you can '' match your device with an ergotron product ''
the monitor and keyboard can not be moved separately on this model . the distance is about 6 inches .
it works perfectly while standing .
the 33-351-200 is a heavier duty unit . it allows up to 29lbs and a 30 '' monitor vs. up to 18lbs and 24 '' monitor .
no , it needs to be mounted on the front .
it is supposed to
product dimensions : 13.7 x 19.9 x 9.5 inches ( depth x width x height )
no it does not print double sided
i have this printer set up to receive print commands from both pc 's and apple products at my home . using the wireless network i have sent documents to the printer from an ipad , ipad mini , apple laptop . and a hp laptop . no problems .
there are 4 cartridges - red , yellow , blue , black . replacement is around $ 10 for red , yellow , blue and black a little bit more . i bought it at office max and wish i had read some reviews because it is an ink hog . it will $ 10 you to death !
the paper tray is on the bottom .
donna , i had many problems making it work with anything wireless . i 'd go through long , involved resetting the device with hp support and it would work for a day or so then stop . repeat the process for another days use . i finally gave up and just use it as a usb printer . when the expensive ink cartridges run out , i 'm throwing it in the recycling . without a doubt that will be its finest moment .
i am sure it can be matched . i would just contact the seller , they were great with me !
hello , you have to buy the holder separately .
when you check out you can put it in the comments or you can private message them .
you can buy holders from him . i believe they come with adhesive on the back . he does great work and is very fast .
that is what i got .
i do n't see why not on a single bed . on a larger bed i would question the torque that would be placed on the fixtures .
the wheels come with the felt already on them . we are not currently using the wheels because it was like rolling the chair on carpet , which is difficult .
we have had these for several months now and they perform very well . we have laminate floors and they roll just fine .
we have 5 different office chairs and it fits all of them . my understanding is that all modern office chairs use casters with the same size shaft .
yes , you can scan any size copy . you may have to make more than one pass . for instance you can scan the 11x17 copy by making two passes , going horizontally rather than vertically .
it scans to the microsd internally and not a live streaming of the scan into the computer . yes it does work on mac . it 's seen as a storage device by your system .
yes , you can scan as jpg and in color , at variable resolutions . the quality of the scan somewhat depends on how steady your hand is , but you have unlimited do-overs if you do n't like the result right away .
the bottom is flat , but it does have a roller that runs the length of the scanner that tracks if it 's moving or not , and how fast it 's moving . to answer the question , no it does not have wheels . it just slides along the surface of the paper .
it does with mine . after scanning , just pretend it 's a usb drive .
i ignored it , did not install it at all . you can hook it up to your computer with a plain usb cable . it will then mount like a thumb drive , and you can pull your scans off for further enjoyment . all usb devices i have work effortlessly with my mac just by plugging them in . the utilities dvd , even if it has mac software , tends to screw things up rather than support the application .
there 's no software that you require . it does an offline scan into the card and later you transport the files into the system . so , it does n't matter what os you are using . hope that helps ! happy new year !
i had issues with getting all the words close to the spine if the book was thick and inside margin was small . for me , i was able to figure out what the inside words were . a few times , i did another scan straddling the 2 pages and that seemed to work good . since my use was for my own research , it did not matter in most cases if some of the lines were wavy . i have photoshop so was able to put the images together . wish i had done that straddling technique more . i recommend practicing a lot before heading out to use it to get the right flow in various start positions and know what happens if you slide it a little crooked . i had issues with getting all the words close to the spine if the book was thick and inside margin was small . for me , i was able to figure out what the inside words were . a few times , i did another scan straddling the 2 pages and that seemed to work good . since my use was for my own research , it did not matter in most cases if some of the lines were wavy . i have photoshop so was able to put the images together . wish i had done that straddling technique more . i recommend practicing a lot before heading out to use it to get the right flow in various start positions and know what happens if ... » read more i had issues with getting all the words close to the spine if the book was thick and inside margin was small . for me , i was able to figure out what the inside words were . a few times , i did another scan straddling the 2 pages and that seemed to work good . since my use was for my own research , it did not matter in most cases if some of the lines were wavy . i have photoshop so was able to put the images together . wish i had done that straddling technique more . i recommend practicing a lot before heading out to use it to get the right flow in various start positions and know what happens if you slide it a little crooked . « show less
did you buy an sd card for it ? it will not work without it . try doing that . the screen you are supposed to see is one that has all the options on it .
you need to purchase a micro card similar to the sandisk microsdhc 8gb class 2 card with adaptor . i bought that one but did n't need the adaptor . the scanner comes with a soft pouch to carry it in , but because i know that when i will be using it at libraries , i have my hands full with notebooks , so i wanted a hard case in case i dropped it . i purchased the vupoint case . and i did drop it the first time i took it out of my car , so glad i got the hard case .
slanted diagonally ? hrm ... . i dunno ... . yes the speaker shelves do rotate ... . i suppose it would depend on how big the overall measurements are of the monitors
the small side shelves are shaped like teardrops . at the widest part of the shelf it measures 8.5 '' . the length to the next shelf is 14.5 '' . i hope this helps .
from pole to pole is about 28 1 2 inch . i sit my monitor just behind the poles . there are 2 small shelves that attach to the poles , 1 on each pole . that is why i sit my monitor behind the poles . hope this helps .
13 ''
we thank you for the question on our 50520 arch tower - cherry black . this unit comes with a complete bag of hardware which includes a allen wrench . you would need a philips screw driver as well to put together this tower . if you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to let us know .
if it is an apple mini yes but a regular laptop no .
absolutely ! i 've got a 24 '' with mine.. if you go larger than 24 the 2 bars that go up to the upper shelves will block part though ... also if you 're using the monitor with a laptop i 'd suggest getting an arm , i had to for room ... but if you 're using a tower pc on the lower shelf you 're fine : - ) any other questions feel free to ask !
i 'm a full time college student and do my homework at the desk quite comfortably all the time ... if you are wondering whether the chair can get up underneath the desktop then no ... . the desktop and bottom shelf are the exact same size ... . you can get a chair right up to it , but not under ... .. either way as i said i 'm always comfy doing homework ...
yes
yes .
it would work from that perspective , but we used this for invitations for a work meeting . the idea was that we would hold the session and then plant the paper to `` grow '' more success from the meeting . the paper and seeds never grew for anyone even though we did just as it said on the instructions : (
i was able to cut fowers and heart shapes using the cricket machine . paper is very thin i would recommend buying a little extra in case they rip .
yes it is . the paper is made from the bark of a bush . when the bush is cut down , it regrows from the root ball and can be harvested again in about 7 years .
not too large like 2 x 3 . definitely for home use not for someone planning on heavy shredding
i have never done this but it does make sense . if you do it , keep the bag low enough where it does not come in contact with the cutters.when mine is full , i jut place the plastic bag over the opening and turn it upside down to drop the shreds into the bag . while shredding , i stop every few minutes to compact the shred in the container.but then you have to shake harder when you go to empty it . remember to limit your shredding to 10 or 15 minutes as the shedder will get hot and hang up on you . per owners manual .
unit measures 11.5 wide , 6.5 deep . and 14.5 tall . the basket slides out and is 2.75 gal . i am totally delighted with it , and only user . a little noisier than others , but shreds so well does not seem to fill so fast .
it is still working . i tried to do a lot of purging and shredding and i overheated it at one point . has not worked as well since then , but i can shred things from the mail and no more than 2 items simultaneously . but was a great purchase .
noise is not too loud but treat this delicacy as it easily jams or breaks .
hi , the amazon dimensions are in inches . that is the last word after the listed dimension numbers . anyway , the best buy site specifies high , wide , deep and lists height at 6.8 inches . amazon specifies nothing to tell which is which . so best buy got back to me and yes , the depth had been switched with the height . thank you .
it can shred credit cards which are not as hard as cds and dvds so i would assume no . in fact the unit has a small input just for the cards to be destroyed and the instructions say only 8 paper pages at a time can be safely fed into the paper input . so i definitely would not advise getting this unit for disc disposal .
i have used it for more than 6 minutes and it did not shut off .
it depends on how many sheets i shred at one time , the junk mail envelopes about 5-6 min . i have n't had it to overheat on the single sheets yet .
a toner comes with the printer but it prints only 500 pages because the ink inside ( that tonner ) is less than half ( of normal ) .
hi joe andrew here yes all that you should need a usb printer cable that you can get any where and you also need to install the printer program that came with your printer and that should be all you need to do .
it come with starter toner only , thanks
no , only print for one side automatically .
this page has all your answers ... http : www.spacepen.com cartridge.aspx
yes , the pr4 is the black ink version of this refill . in fact , i purchased this refill pack to replace several pr4s .
yes the parker pen adapter is included
no it does not . just checked . otherwise it 's great . i 'm really happy with it ; the speaker is terrific .
made of plastic and sort of hard . not soft really but not hard to press
as far as i know it only has a flashing red light on the base unit as well as the phone . if it did have a audible warning i 'd certainly disarm it first thing for that would drive me nuts . do you still have the operations manual !
hi sheila , i 'm not 100 % sure ; i ordered this for a friend , not myself , but i did find it says `` handset speakerphone '' under the product description of the link to the phone , so i would guess you can ! hope this helps ! allison
i am not sure quite how long . i have left it off the charger for 3 days and used it quite abit and still had plenty of battery life left .
yes . and you can adjust the speakerphone volume .
no , no headset jack . it 's just the base that you see and the handset you see . the only other things it comes with that you do n't see are the cords and the instruction booklet . the base is very light and can be hung on a wall mount .
record time can be 1-4 min to leave message . the system records up to 12 min 30 sec of messages .
just press the arrow up or down repeatedly on the hand set to cycle through the 2 ring types and the 3 levels . low , high , off
yes
i checked the user 's guide , and it states that you can order a wall-mount bracket from www.uniden.com . it can also be used with a standard 2.5mm telephone headset . the features are amazing for the price , and makes me wonder why my husband 's hearing aids cost so much ! ellen
yes it has one ! works great and it trys pretty well to say the name of person calling also . for the most part does good job on names.one of the great features of the phone is to be able to block numbers that you do n't want calling you again . like teleamarker .
it is large
i accessed the owner 's manual online and it said , `` expanding your phone-��your base supports a total of 12 cordless handsets , including any that camewith your phone.��you must register accessory handsets to the base before using them . handsetsthat are n't registered display a `` not registered '' message . for registrationinstructions , see page 23 or the accessory handset manual
yes
you have to register it to the base unit . you did n't mention whether it was in the same model family as the portable handset that was already included with your base unit . if it is not , then it might not be able to be paired ( registered ) . see the phone 's user manual .
i do n't think so - the charger sits on a flat surface with the phone upright like it is in the photo .
all it needs is an installed crl32102 and a 110 vac receptacle to plug the charger into . then just register the remote handset at the base unit ( crl32102 ) as per the directions in the manual .
i do n't know . you may have to contact at &t; directly .
john - crl30102 is an accessory handset for selected crl31xx2 and crl32xx2 models . by itself , it will not work . it must be registered to a compatible at &t; crl series base system .
you can enter the number and then push the green phone flash button , or push the green phone flash button - which gives you a dial-tone - and then dial.you ca n't simply enter the number and expect it to place the call , because you might be entering it for some other reason - e.g . to add it to your directory , etcl .
gjergj - the compatible accessory handset for cl84102 is cl80111 . thanks !
no
i use it outside us and it works ok
yes , the base unit has an answering machine . i also purchased 3 additional handsets for different rooms in my house . from any handset you can tell if you have a message , and listen to it . you can also call any of the other handsets . this is the greatest phone i 've ever owned , it has so many great features .
the tone quality is good and the volume of the caller 's voice can be increased , with a push of a button , during the call . so i would say this phone could be suitable for someone with a moderate hearing loss . if the person 's hearing loss is severe , then one of the phones that type out what the caller is saying on a display screen might be required .
raymondo - press mute . the caller can not hear you during mute ( you can still hear caller ) . when you want to resume the conversation , press mute again . thanks !
no
yes
it has an answering machine so it will record messages . it does not record a call in progress .
i 'm 90 with 90 year old eyes and find the numbers are very easy to see . also , my favorite feature is the white background on the display section with large black letters and numbers which are very easy to read .
yes..we did it by accident .
no .
yes , you can pick up and have a 3 way conversation
yes it can .. i looked in there manual , and they show you how to do it . i 'm very satisfied with this phone . i keep it on my desk and use the speaker all the time .
phone is provided with an ac cord . there does not seem to be any provision for batteries , so only basic dialing would work -- other features , not .
we have our phone service through frontier along with our internet . no problems !
yes you can mute turn off the ringer . first push the menu select button , then the cid button next to it to scroll down to ringer volume . once you found that then push the menu select button again . the phone will ring to indicate the volume it 's set at . if you want to mute turn off the ringer move over to the volume button and push it until the ringer is off which will be shown by a cross out of the ringer bell found on the screen . once the volume is off , push the menu select button again which sets it . the setting will be confirmed by a sound . then you are done . if you want to turn the ringer back on just go through the steps again . hope this helps . yes you can mute turn off the ringer . first push the menu select button , then the cid button next to it to scroll down to ringer volume . once you found that then push the menu select button again . the phone will ring to indicate the volume it 's set at . if you want to mute turn off the ringer move over to the volume button and push it until the ringer is off which will be shown by a cross out of the ringer bell found on the screen . once the volume is off , push the menu select button again which sets it . the setting will be confirmed by a sound . then you are done . if you want to turn the ... » read more yes you can mute turn off the ringer . first push the menu select button , then the cid button next to it to scroll down to ringer volume . once you found that then push the menu select button again . the phone will ring to indicate the volume it 's set at . if you want to mute turn off the ringer move over to the volume button and push it until the ringer is off which will be shown by a cross out of the ringer bell found on the screen . once the volume is off , push the menu select button again which sets it . the setting will be confirmed by a sound . then you are done . if you want to turn the ringer back on just go through the steps again . hope this helps . « show less
yes . like any other convertible phone , there 's a bracket included that can easily be attached to the back of the phone . the bracket has a hole in it to hang the phone on a screw that you put in the wall . also , like any other convertible phone , you reverse the handset tab so it sticks up and will catch onto a slot in the underside of the `` listening part '' of the handset to keep it from falling out of the cradle . the owner 's manual shows how to easily make each simple change .
yes
no , just a very basic phone
50 per pack
i just measured it and the actual size of the envelope is 4.52 x 6.31. or slightly larger than 4 1 2 x 6 5 16
yes
it says 50 , but only 37 came in mine .
i 'm sorry , i only put one in , so i 'm not really sure , but maybe 10 could fit in comfortably .
they are wider than they are tall .
i only got 50 in one pack . so if you buy three of these 150
yes
the answer is yes . the stand is perfect for overlapping the bezels .
yeah it supports up to 3 27 inch monitors . so yeah your 23.6 inch monitors will work
yes , this gives you ample width and flexibility to position the monitors .
absolutely not ! i mounted 3-24 '' monitors , that were below the suggested weight limit , and the main support snapped overnight . they would n't issue a return either .
yes , though you may not be able to angle them inwards very far since the central monitor will then extend slightly beyond the right and left frame hinges . this wo n't be a big problem since the monitor itself will sit away from the hinge by a few inches , but it becomes hard to judge at that point unless you have the thing in front of you .
i have 3 24 '' monitors and those barely fit . i do not think that set up would work .
the stand is 16 '' deep . the distance from the center monitor is about 9.5 '' x 10 '' from the back depending on the thickness of your monitor .
the base is completely separate from the center pool and arms . it is held in place by a sort-of pressure pin .
due to the case size i would n't do the handle bit but it might be fun to try .
two ... ... ... ... ... ..
you can leave it unlocked if you want to
i would have to guess around 250-400 sheets it quite a bit . i 'm very happy with it only thing is from time to time latch pops up if not locked hope this helps
no side are a wooden composit the same as on top . the trim is aluminum riveted through to th inside . the inside has a soft felt layer pretty durable . i use mine in construction for testing purposes , although i would n't set anything heavy on it or stand on it . it takes a good tumbling from time to time and holds up really good so far .
i had not tried a file folder until you asked . a regular file folder is 11 5 8 '' wide , case inside area is 12 1 8 '' wide . and folded the main portion of folder is 9 '' high but the 1 2 '' tab will have to bend . case inside is 9 1 8 '' . i put four 1 8 '' thick files in and easily closed the cover . the folder material is thin and the tabs will be ok .
no , unfortunately it does not
yes it does . the document feeder is duplex , as is the printer . you can scan or print full duplex .
as i purchased it there was canon ink supplied but also an item available of a generic ink of which i have had no issues , cost makes it worthy . photos have not been a problem with the generic ink .
what is the adf ? i do n't understand what that abbreviation is stands for , let me know and i will try to answer your question .
i have not had a problem using it yet . seems to handle it quite nicely .
yes it does . i have windows 8 on my desktop and windows 7 on my laptop . it works perfectly with either . very nice printer !
http : community.usa.canon.com t5 personal-printers call-to-arms-for-the-dreaded-u052-wrong-printhead-error td-p 65759
i have used it only minimally for copying , but it performed just fine . i was also able to make 2-sided copies which turned out to be quite handy . mostly , i have been printing .
one of the black cartridges is a pigment-based ink for lower res text printing copying . the other is dye-based like the color cartridges for higher quality , `` business '' documents . hope this helps .
i am not sure , but i know that i am not light around 190 pounds and it holds me easy . it is very solid .
works better being pulled but with 2 handed push is fine . if your mile is on pavement or relatively flat then the wheels are okay . made for level ground , the wheels are smaller than i would like . i use it a lot for festivals and other events where i need to carry things or to have a place for my purchases . the insulated pouch in front is n't great but does help keep a few water bottles cold using some ice packs .
the seat is bigger than any seat i 've seen on other carts and is very solid ... i 'd take a chance if it says it 'll hold 300 ...
i have n't had that issue . i live 2 flights up and what i do is pull it up behind me . it 's been easy for me to get it up stairs that way . i should note , too , that i have a disability which makes it hard for me to climb stairs , but the rest-n-roll does n't make it more difficult for me to do so . in fact , it 's a lot easier to use this than to carry bags alone .
yes .
you may be able to get an upholstery needle and heavy duty thread like buttonhole thread and sew it back together if it has n't gotten to far . if not that , try a tailor shop or alteration shop to see if they will mend it for you .
the wheel just pops on . i remember reading a review before i bought it , where a woman was having the same problem because she did not pop it on the right way . i made sure to pay attention to that issue when mine arrived & it took me a couple tries but i got it on the right way & have not had any issues with it at all !
you just pick up a regular phone and dial . there is a standard dial tone and you dial just like any landline . setup is fast and easy .
i signed up for a free google voice number . this number is just like a local number but with the advantage that when it is called it can be assigned to ring both at your home obi and your cell phone such that no matter where your at the call comes to you . now i live in miss and the area i live in did not have an exact match google voice number for my area , but they did have number to an area near me which is just fine with me . if you sign your obi up with a paid service provider ( still at much less cost than att verizon etc ) they may have a better fit number assignment process . i liked the free option as phone service is something i need but not the most important thing in my life . i signed up for a free google voice number . this number is just like a local number but with the advantage that when it is called it can be assigned to ring both at your home obi and your cell phone such that no matter where your at the call comes to you . now i live in miss and the area i live in did not have an exact match google voice number for my area , but they did have number to an area near me which is just fine with me . if you sign your obi up with a paid service provider ( still at much less cost than att verizon etc ) they may have a better fit number assignment process . i liked the ... » read more i signed up for a free google voice number . this number is just like a local number but with the advantage that when it is called it can be assigned to ring both at your home obi and your cell phone such that no matter where your at the call comes to you . now i live in miss and the area i live in did not have an exact match google voice number for my area , but they did have number to an area near me which is just fine with me . if you sign your obi up with a paid service provider ( still at much less cost than att verizon etc ) they may have a better fit number assignment process . i liked the free option as phone service is something i need but not the most important thing in my life . « show less
i plugged my cordless set directly into one port and connect the other port with the original landline phone outlet of the house after unplugging the art income line to the junction box outside the house . so one number is with cordless set and the other using original landline outlets of the house
google still works as of this date .
as i understand , magic jack and obi202 are two kinds of voip telephone service boxes . if you have one you do n't need the other . i bought the magic jack but returned it un-opened when a friend recommended the obi . i 'm glad i did .
as of september 11 the device is officially supportrd ,
i have an all in one printer connected and fax from there via google voice with no problems so i am sure it would work with a pc fax modem as well .
i 'm assuming the question is : can it fax ? if you read the description on their website , i 'm quite sure you will find that they claim it is capable of faxing . i have n't experienced any problems with faxing , so i guess the answer is : yes !
victor -- yes , it can . that 's how we use it most of the time . the phone we have is even capable of handling two lines so if you had a traditional landline you could connect both it and the voip line to the same handset . if you want to attach the obi202 to your wall jack ( enabling the signal to travel through the whole house ) , that 's a different animal and requires a lot more work . but you can connect the base to your cordless handset without a problem .
when it works , it works fine . it broke down on me , again , on sunday . spent 2 hours trying to find out where the part came from that was inside the paper feeder area . did n't show on any schematics . if you can find an alternate printer by a different manufacturer , i would get it . i wo n't ever buy another hp printer again . no help from seller or from manufacturer , a lot of wasted time and a repair call needed from my repair technician .
yes . there is a usb connection in the back . when looking at the printer from the back , the usb connection is in the upper right hand corner and you need to open a small door .
hello gary . it is a regular toner cartridge . it lasted 7 months ; doing both single and duplexing . i usually use a 80x now .
i 've set up this printer at my work ( hooked up via ethernet ) , and have successfully printed to it several times from home . i 'd say it works pretty well , and if you 're thinking of pairing it with a pc or mac with google chrome installed , a chromebook , or an android tablet using a third cloud print app such as `` cloud print '' https : play.google.com store apps details ? id=com.pauloslf.cloudprint - it 'll suit you just fine .
i dont believe it is but i am not sure . the hp website is probably best to compare the two . thanks .
yes .
our office mgr . tells us 35 pages per minute ..best regards ... c.cortez
i have been able to print from my android phone and my ipad and i am a techtard
since ford man 's answer was ambiguous , it does not need to be connected via usb to scan , and it can scan to any computer on the network so long as it has the software installed . alternatively , you can scan to email , scan to a shared network folder , scan to a usb flash drive , or ( i believe ) scan to some internet locations .
i just tested it to be sure . put in a two sided page , selected two sided to two sided copy and the page fed through the document feeder once and delivered a two sided copy . presto . love this printer .
yes , it will send and receive faxes by phone line and yes it has e-print enabled printing services ( wireless ) .
no . it will scan a color document but it only prints in b &w;
yes , in the front and it works extremely well ... never double feeds and evenly aligns both side printing .
it does indeed have front load .
two sized of cartriges are sold ; regular about 3000 and xtra about 6000. cut stated pages in half and you should be about right . also depends on the type of printing . more coverage = less yield .
no problems .
hello there , the end connector for the printer is usb . you need what is called a usb male a-b printer cable . one end is the traditional rectangular usb male shape you are familiar with that plugs into your pc and other end is sort of a square male connector that connects to the printer itself . you can also use a cat5 ethernet cable to connect the printer to a router . you can use one or other . mine is connected using the ethernet connector , my computers share the printer on a home network . a-b printer cables come in sizes 6 feet to 10 feet traditionally . i believe you can go as high as 25 feet before the usb cable has communication problems . i hope this helps . hello there , the end connector for the printer is usb . you need what is called a usb male a-b printer cable . one end is the traditional rectangular usb male shape you are familiar with that plugs into your pc and other end is sort of a square male connector that connects to the printer itself . you can also use a cat5 ethernet cable to connect the printer to a router . you can use one or other . mine is connected using the ethernet connector , my computers share the printer on a home network . a-b printer cables come in sizes 6 feet to 10 feet traditionally . i believe you can go as high as 25 ... » read more hello there , the end connector for the printer is usb . you need what is called a usb male a-b printer cable . one end is the traditional rectangular usb male shape you are familiar with that plugs into your pc and other end is sort of a square male connector that connects to the printer itself . you can also use a cat5 ethernet cable to connect the printer to a router . you can use one or other . mine is connected using the ethernet connector , my computers share the printer on a home network . a-b printer cables come in sizes 6 feet to 10 feet traditionally . i believe you can go as high as 25 feet before the usb cable has communication problems . i hope this helps . « show less
no black and white only
no , as per the specifications and description , it is not wireless . it must be connected via usb or ethernet cable . some people may believe it is wireless because you can connect it to your network , and print from other wifi-connected devices . but the printer itself must be connected with a cable .
if you mean a router switch , you just need cat 5 cable . you can buy at monoprice.com . if plugging into computer you need to buy hi speed usb cable . hope that answers your question . you can always call hp and ask them you question for best answer .
approximately 18 x 8.5 ; first step up height =9 inches ; 2nd = about 17.5 inches
i am not sure how long you want to keep it outside , but we use ours to get into our camper when it 's on the truck . it 's been wet and muddy many times , but once done camping , we store it inside . so far all is well , no rust on any hinges , and the stairs themselves are made of sturdy plastic , so that will always hold up . we 've only had it since feb.or march of this year , so not sure of it 's eventual longevity . it surely is easy to use , to fold and unfold ... with one hand , and it is very sturdy . for the price , it 's well worth it .
our golden retriever scoots up and down these to get to our camper ( even when steps are wet ) . she is younger than your dog , but the steps are not so slippery . ( even if your dog has trouble negotiating them , you can always put the soft side of velcro tape on them to give some traction . ) they are sturdy steps . hope this helps and i 'm so glad your terrier sleeps on your bed !
the top step would be big enough for you dog . i can measure it tomorrow if needed .
the step will support the dog but the depth of the step is rather narrow vs the rise is a bit steep . also the surface of the steps is a little slick for my dog to be comfortable i would not use it for my 14 year old ,80 lb mutt .
https : www.youtube.com watch ? v=mefl7do9mte
hi jack e ... the width is 21 1 2 inchesthe height is 25 3 4 inches and it is only 2 inches thick when it is folded up . i do not have the weight for it but if it 's not on amazon you can go directly to the manufacturers website and get it they also have an 800 number . it is not heavy and it is super easy to open and close . i have had surgery on both of my hands and i can open and close it one-handed . i highly recommend this tool i love it : - ) i hope this helps you decide ...
we were not aware that there was a problem , we only recently purchased the product , and wehave not had any concerns over the step strengths .
hi joseph , the stool is 17 1 2 inches tall , 17 1 2 inches wide and 18 1 2 inches front to back ... good luck
it came with them on it . they would have to be cut of . i 'm sure how stable it would be without the wheels . the base would tip easy i think
very easily -- i have mine on tile in my bathroom -- no problem
19 inches to 24 inches
it adjusts from 18 '' to 25 '' from the floor . it 's a great little stool . i 've had mine for about a year and its still looking and working perfectly .
they are hard plastic .
yes it will . i actually use 2 monitors and bought 2 of these and they work well .
yes
hello andrew , this arm is fully compatible with mid 2011 imac models . for early 2013 imac 's it requires a vesa adapter.best regards , tai , peace brothers .
an adapter for apple displays is included . follow instructions . this is a great monitor arm , you wo n't be sorry you purchased it , it is better than anything i have seen on the market , and looks nice on a desk . just take your time putting it together and keep the allen wrench on the arm , there is a place it goes , so you can make adjustments when you need to . i had to move mine three or four times before i found the perfect setup .
beautifully
short answer : yes . the device loads itself into the pc the first time you plug it in . after that , you only need plug in that little adaptor receiver to have the ring function with your pc .
hello . the genius ring does work with a mac . not sure about prezi presentation .
you need something to display the images from your computer onto the screen ! the nowboard components make it interactive .
no , it does not come with software similar to smart notebook . you really can only use it with websites with interactive games like starfall.com or interactive software that you purchase separately for a regular computer .
yes
the drivers are for mac or microsoft windows , so it should work on the mac laptopp . i do not have a smartboard , so i can not answer that question .
i believe it comes with a blue zipper bag . i will double check .
only work with windows
probably do to the ambient light or the florescent lights in your classroom
its not easy to use .. esp in the setting and using the wand
the sound will come out of your computers speakers .
they are the second dimensions . do n't know where they got 4 x,1x 1. they are a perfect size for name badges and have excellent magnets .
yes actually i use p touch label maker and print new name as needed .
there is double sided tape on the magnet . you will peel off the thin paper and stick it to the plastic badge .
my guess would be yes , these have been holding up well for me . i use them for teachers on a weekly basis and have used them for 6 months now and they are all still in working order .
sorry i do not know ... i sent this as a gift to my daughter in law that lives in florida but she says she absolutely loves it and has never had such a nice journal .
it is small - about 8 1 2 x 5 ( i.e . fold an 8 1 2 x 11 sheet of copier paper in half ) .
no it is not refillable .
the pages are , yes
newsoft is n't a question .
no . everything can be done wirelessly .
sorry . do n't have a mac . however , from what i have read and experiencing the ease of installing , i would n't be surprised if it did n't work well with a mac .
try lowering the resolution before you scan .
legal , 8 1 2 x 14 , is the largest paper size .
the only difference i can see is the 825 has a monochrome touchscreen , and the 835 has a color touchscreen . otherwise the specs appear to be the same .
i have n't used cardstock yet . i just tried printing a cardstock insert for dvd case and had no problem printing it but i did just one sheet .
24x40x24 is accurate . these were so awesome for when i moved . held a ton of my clothes , sturdy , and i even put my pillows inside since i had the extra room and i did n't have to show them in a bag . lol . great purchase - worth every penny . if i was n't moving into a manhattan size apt in manhattan , i would 've kept them . recommended . hands down . i hope this helped . gd luck with your move : )
just open one up , fold the end and tap closed .
yes
yes they do . we ordered these for our move - they were awesome .
press shift then set up then press the button with the arrow pointing downwards .
my earlier model did n't do number system conversions : binary , hexadecimal , octal but the new one does . it is a better machine by far .
no
buttons are plastic , and you ca n't store your own formulas in it , for that you need a programmable calculator .
no backlight on this one even though it can be run off of a battery .
not it is not , and this entire desk chair is absolutely terrible !
the seat in the lowest position is approximately 18 inches from the floor with the armrests at their highest position at 27 inches from the floor . the seat at its highest position from the floor is approximately 22 inches with the arm rest at their highest position at 31 inches from the floor . hope this helps !
i 've never looked up the weight capacity . the chair it 's self will hold him just fine . but if he has to use the arm rests to push himself up as he goes to stand they may give way . sturdy chair but flimsy arm rests .
the seat is all mesh , no solid cushion but in my opinion provides great support and also has decent lumbar support as there is an adjustable lumbar pad in the back
no forward or backward motion . but i 'm over six foot and have no problem with how it is .
although not square , the measurement is 20x20 at the widest parts . it is very comfortable .
yes and no . kind of hard to explain , but it has an adjustment , but what happens is the back moves also . so you can adjust the seat at an angle but very little , to no adjustment , its more for the back than the seat angle . the back moves with it as one . so it kind of defeats the pourpose . i find it not very good .
correct . there is a dip in the back of the seat . i 'd say 1 2 '' -1 '' max . i kind of like it ...
i do n't know , but if you 're worried about the mesh material stretching out too much , that will not be an issue . it 's very sturdy .
there is no toner odor
any compatible cartridge should work . we use various brands without problems .
scans come out just fine for our purposes . then again , this was not bought strictly for its scanning abilities . ours is used in a small business office setting . hope that helps .
yes able to send and receive faxes , double sided too .
michele : mine does n't beep when i make copies . there is probably something else going on . you may have something in the manual for that , or call the support personnel at the company and ask .
the machine has two paper input sources.1 . a `` paper drawer '' which holds letter size or smaller . it does not hold legal size . it might be possible to purchase a separate legal size drawer from canon , but i 'm not aware of it.2 . a `` multi-purpose tray '' which flips opens from the front at an angle . this tray holds up to 50 sheets of paper ( 16 to 23 lb bond ) . you can put legal paper on that , or executive size paper , or anything smaller . i believe executive size is 11 x 17. i have not tried that , but the manual says it will do executive size .
hello , this works for both . will scan from front to back . i use nitro pdf with this . typically upto 50 pages at a ttimein the pdf creator . scan had color which is nice . this is the 3rd cannon i have purchased similar to this . runs great . i usually run 500+ sheets or more a day and it functions great . if you have any other questions about this let me know . thanks
no . largest size is legal . not capable of handling 11 inch wide paper .
i remove the cartridge and give it a good shake . this usually adds about 100 more good pages .
i had it for about 18 months and i do n't have any problems , i do n't think any one is offering warranties for toners . toner are rated against how many pages it produce , really not about life span . how many pages do you print monthly and how does it compare with the hp toner ?
no ! ce505x will only work in laserjet p2055 series only . although ce505x is a high yield version of ce505a , but it only support 3 printers while ce505a supports 5 printers ( including p2035 ) . therefore , please do not buy ce505x and use it with p2035 . thanks .
i 've used it only a couple of times but love it . i had it running quite a while so it had opportunity to over heat but it did n't .
it comes with a plain old 120 volt plug . you would need a transformer .
yes it can handle laminating folder games as long as you have a pouch or laminating film large enough to cover the entire folder .
i do n't know the answer to this question . i bought this for my daughter , who is also a teacher . all that i know is that she loves this machine . she said it was the best thing ever . she had specifically asked for this machine and she has been really pleased with it .
not a chance . record covers are way too thick for this machine .
i 'm not sure what is meant by `` good enough '' , but as i live in a coastal climate i use it to seal and protect all my old family photos . i have n't had any problems or degradation of our photos .
very good
we use epson printers , and i experienced no compatibility issues.i am very happy with the drawer .
hello liz , yes , you can open it by rotating the key . have a great day !
it depends on the pos system you 're using . for example using quickbooks pos you can set it up without a printer as long as you have the proper connection to your register .
the bill section is built into the drawer , however you can remove the coint tray .
yes . drawer is metal . tray ( insert ) is plastic .
the coin tray sits on the top of the big tray which has the built-in bill tray in the rear ( or back ) . if you do not need the coin tray , you can remove it . you can not change the coin tray to the rear of the draw because the bill tray is built-in . to help answer your question , i even tried to reverse the tray so the bill tray will be in the front of the cash drawer , but it will not fit back in the cash drawer . the whole big tray can go in only one way with the bill tray going first .
phone jack wire is attached to it . any printer that has phone jack connection will work . i simply just use key .
the first cartridge did not work . as a result i looked up a way on youtube to reset the original cartridge for continued use . in the mean time the folks at cartitech asked me to return the faulty cartridge . at the same time cartitech sent me a replacement cartridge and responded promptly with sincere interest to my emails . the replacement cartridge is waiting until the reset original cartridge quits . we do n't print a lot so this could be a couple of months . in my opinion cartitech seems very interested in providing quality products . i think you can rely on them to provide a good product . i probably got a dud . they went out of their way to get a replacement to me . i feel they are trustworthy . the first cartridge did not work . as a result i looked up a way on youtube to reset the original cartridge for continued use . in the mean time the folks at cartitech asked me to return the faulty cartridge . at the same time cartitech sent me a replacement cartridge and responded promptly with sincere interest to my emails . the replacement cartridge is waiting until the reset original cartridge quits . we do n't print a lot so this could be a couple of months . in my opinion cartitech seems very interested in providing quality products . i think you can rely ... » read more the first cartridge did not work . as a result i looked up a way on youtube to reset the original cartridge for continued use . in the mean time the folks at cartitech asked me to return the faulty cartridge . at the same time cartitech sent me a replacement cartridge and responded promptly with sincere interest to my emails . the replacement cartridge is waiting until the reset original cartridge quits . we do n't print a lot so this could be a couple of months . in my opinion cartitech seems very interested in providing quality products . i think you can rely on them to provide a good product . i probably got a dud . they went out of their way to get a replacement to me . i feel they are trustworthy . « show less
i looked up the `` spec '' toner for the dcp-7065dn on staples , and it is the same as for the hl-2240 ( which is what i have ) . so , this compatible toner should work in the dcp-7065dn .
cartritech nt- pb450 compatible brother tn450 tn420 high yield black toner cartridge for brother dcp-7060d dcp-7065dn intellifax-2840 intellifax-2940 hl-2220
yes . i replaced the brother cartridge with the cartritech model which is supposed to get 2600 pages of product and so far it has worked very well . if i get the 2600 pages of reproduction i will be very happy .
not empty yet , so really not sure .
my daughter and i have printers with this cartridge installed and have had no problems . quality is as good as the original factory cartridge shipped with the unit . i do n't have info available for a specific answer for warranty service though .
yes it is for 4530 , also for 4020 .
it does fit an epson work force 4640
yup .
it is separate from the ink cartridges . i believe it is used to collect excess ink and must be replaced when filled .
no , this maintenance box it 's only for the workforce pro series , and the workforce wf 3520 , 3530 and 3540 printers
i dont know , i use workforce 3540
you can store up to 99 names and # 's
yes i believe it is .
yes
about 3-5 ft
my pen 's ink flows very well . you have to use it nearly every day or the ink flow will be sluggish.i sometimes place it point side down with the cap on for few minutes and this will usually return a good flow . also , you can dip the point in a bottle of fountain pen ink and his will get it going immediately .
this body of this pen is approx . 7 16 '' dia . the cap is 1 2 '' and the entire pen length is 5 1 2 '' . the pen is well made , lightweight and the clip is strong . it has become my favorite and i use it daily . once inked , it stays wet and the ink flows smoothly for many days and does not seem to dry out from non-use as other fountain pens i own do . highly recommended .
standard refills should work . i use noodler 's ink and the refillable cartridge that came with the pen with no issues .
yes , this pen has a threaded , twist-off cap . it takes about 4-5 turns to remove it .
yes , i have used those in a few of my fountain pens . they do carry different sizes . the cartridge must have a snug , tight fit where the ink goes into the fountain pen ; and test it by writing on a piece of paper several times ; checking for any leakage of ink where the cartridge connects with the pen . use this rule of thumb for all cartridges that are not carried by the brand named pen . hopefully this helps . enjoy your fountain pens !
you might check to see if the nib and feed are seated deeply enough . try to push them into the section farther .
this is a fountain pen , medium nib , not a calligraphy pen . for calligraphy , buy a lamy safari with an italic ( 1.1 or 1.5 mm ) nib .
the nemosine 's come w the ink converter . all you need to do is gently slide the converter into place ( in a slow twisting motion ) . once the converter is in place , turn its piston counter clockwise until the plunger is in the position closest toward the nib , then insert the nib into an inkwell , and then turn the converters piston clockwise until it is full . replace the barrel and you are ready to do some classy writing : ) ***as for an actual `` ink cartridge '' , i do n't know which specific one the nemosine accepts . i have a feeling that the nemosine can use a universal cartridge , but i am not 100 % sure . montverde makes ink cartridges that will most likely fit your needs . i personally prefer the ink wells.this is a very simplified version of what to do . if you have further questions , try youtube , where there are many great videos on how to do this and other things.hope that all helps ! cheers ! enjoy your pen ! the nemosine singularity is a great pen ! the nemosine 's come w the ink converter . all you need to do is gently slide the converter into place ( in a slow twisting motion ) . once the converter is in place , turn its piston counter clockwise until the plunger is in the position closest toward the nib , then insert the nib into an inkwell , and then turn the converters piston clockwise until it is full . replace the barrel and you are ready to do some classy writing : ) ***as for an actual `` ink cartridge '' , i do n't know which specific one the nemosine accepts . i have a feeling that the nemosine can use a universal cartridge , ... » read more the nemosine 's come w the ink converter . all you need to do is gently slide the converter into place ( in a slow twisting motion ) . once the converter is in place , turn its piston counter clockwise until the plunger is in the position closest toward the nib , then insert the nib into an inkwell , and then turn the converters piston clockwise until it is full . replace the barrel and you are ready to do some classy writing : ) ***as for an actual `` ink cartridge '' , i do n't know which specific one the nemosine accepts . i have a feeling that the nemosine can use a universal cartridge , but i am not 100 % sure . montverde makes ink cartridges that will most likely fit your needs . i personally prefer the ink wells.this is a very simplified version of what to do . if you have further questions , try youtube , where there are many great videos on how to do this and other things.hope that all helps ! cheers ! enjoy your pen ! the nemosine singularity is a great pen ! « show less
i did not send it back . once i had complained they sent a new one to me .
yes . i use a fountain pen convertor . this allows me to use the ink well bottle . the ink last and extemely long time . i purchased my ink well bottle 4 years ago .
the only thing that i have found really works is dry erase board cleaner and paper towels .
that metal post is 23 inches from front to back . the casters are 20 inches apart , screw hole to screw hole .
i did not have any problems with my package arriving safety and intact . i can not comment if `` changes '' have been made since i never ordered one before.it is not heavy but it is large , two people are better than one when moving.the product is very nice and maneuvers easily.no breaks or scuffs on this end !
nearly 73 `` tall
we had to press on the board with our thumb right where the shrink wrap is and pull out with tweezers ... it was a pain but sometimes we were lucky and large strips came out ... .good luck
just measured and it is 8 1 4 x 10 3 4
they are sturdy . a little more sturdy than a cereal box
carolyn ... ... each board weighs in @ .85 oz
they are not particularly stiff -- and are only single cardboard sheets ( rather than corrugated sheets ) ; but i presume they would give a little body if a shirt were folded around one sheet . i suppose they could also be used as separators between pieces of folding clothing . hard for me to picture how you would use them to protect clothing . i may be missing your intent .
it is not very loud even turned up to the highest setting .
according to the uniden website , the answer is 'yes ' as far as its compatibility with the d-1780 is concerned .
yes . the separate extension only needs an electrical outlet .
i do n't think so . the manufacturer makes several different series of phone , and i do n't think the series ' are cross compatible .
i ca n't answer that question . i 'd go to www.uniden.com and send them a customer service or tech question via email .
i regret that i do not know the answer to the question . sorry .
without the main component , or base station , the satellite phones will not work . you have to register the satellite phones to the base station . i suspect you have n't done that . i have one base station and six satellites in my home and all work just fine .
we have always been able to pick up 2 phones . it has never cut the other person off .
i use it all over my house with no problem . what distance were you worried about ?
this phone has one line .
no
yes , each handset provides speaker ... . major reason for purchasing this product , i use it so i can multi-task .
the main base station does & the cordless phones have a flashing light .
yes , this phone has a mute button on the handsets that works very well . it 's an easy access button on the keypad .
the cable is just as it shows on the amazon picture .
there is a bar code in the manual that sets the scanner to auto scan . autoscan means the scanner is always scanning .
i do n't believe it does as the whole principal of the scanner is that you plug it into the usb slot on your computer for both data entry and power .
i do n't think it is . i think the ipad can only accept the square or other device that plugs into the earphone plug . this comes with a usb plug .
i am using it with the resourcemate library system and it worked great right out of the box .
yes read both
can you use this ? i got this from the guys i purchased mine from.https : dl.dropboxusercontent.com u 118904 user % 20manual-88013275.pdf
yes but thr cordless phone is horrible . would not reccomend
no , this phone can not be wall mounted
rca does n't make an extension for this phone , it is essentially an extension already for the 4 line system main phone # 25423 , 25424 , or 25425. your h5401 will work with any of these 3 phones , which are base units . go to http : www.rca4business.com for more info .
this phone will work from 1 to 4 lines . the lines only go into the main phone . the rest of the phones connect to the local area network . if you are looking for a good conventionally wired telephone , buy the at &t; 1070 telephone .
i can not be certain that these are the same . but i would like you to know these phones are very hard to get to work correctly in the environment that we had . you must have the main phone it will connect to your phone lines and to an ethernet cable which will need to go to a internet router . then the other extensions connect to the router as well threw ethernet . if you want a cordless phone in your system it will only connect to a base phone and will limit the use to one or the other they will not work at the same time . transferring and call hold are not very user friendly . if you pickup a line and do n't clear it properly all lines will be open and you can not receive or make calls . you can not pick up a call placed on hold by any extension except the one you used to place it on hold . if you need an office phone system look up the x16 it may be a better option for cost , flexibility , and proformance . i hope this helps . have a great day . i can not be certain that these are the same . but i would like you to know these phones are very hard to get to work correctly in the environment that we had . you must have the main phone it will connect to your phone lines and to an ethernet cable which will need to go to a internet router . then the other extensions connect to the router as well threw ethernet . if you want a cordless phone in your system it will only connect to a base phone and will limit the use to one or the other they will not work at the same time . transferring and call hold are not very user friendly . if you pickup a ... » read more i can not be certain that these are the same . but i would like you to know these phones are very hard to get to work correctly in the environment that we had . you must have the main phone it will connect to your phone lines and to an ethernet cable which will need to go to a internet router . then the other extensions connect to the router as well threw ethernet . if you want a cordless phone in your system it will only connect to a base phone and will limit the use to one or the other they will not work at the same time . transferring and call hold are not very user friendly . if you pickup a line and do n't clear it properly all lines will be open and you can not receive or make calls . you can not pick up a call placed on hold by any extension except the one you used to place it on hold . if you need an office phone system look up the x16 it may be a better option for cost , flexibility , and proformance . i hope this helps . have a great day . « show less
go to setting and disable the verbal caller id .
yes , is loud ... set to 6 rings and you 're sure to hear it .
lee - base and handset ringers can be turned off and it 's ez-peazy .
all handsets light up , but only the screen on the base lights up not the buttons . great product , i love how it bluetooths with my iphone . if i leave my cell in the car or just ca n't find it , it rings every handset thru out the house ( i also bought 1 extra handset ) .
yes it does and works great
no , only the main base station .
yes , it does .
yes , when ringing the panels lights up .
if you subscribe to a voicemail service with your telecom provider the phone has a visual indication feature that you have a new voicemail message . however , the phone does not have an answering machine feature and does not record messages .
it does not use batteries . it must be plugged into a 110v outlet .
i am using mine with my ooma . all features seem to work fine . with only one line plugged in , the phone line 2 light blinks constantly . to eliminate , i plugged both lines into the ooma with a splitter . this solution did not confuse the phone software - all calls come in on line 1. the ooma does not need two lines to work its call-waiting feature , as the calls are held in the ooma base . the call-waiting works as intended - a beep is heard when the second call comes in .
yes .
we plugged a wired headset into this model ( 17929 ) phone . we recently bought a plantronics bluetooth headset and use it with our at &t; 86109 dect 6.0 corded cordless phone , silver black . the at &t; rep told me this at &t; 17929 would not conflict with the at &t; 86109 and it works very well for us in our 2 person office . i would buy the 86109 model since it is specifically for wireless headsets .
oldest to newest .
i 'm not sure but would think it would work with any phone we like ours but just have a reg phone co we have frontier maybe check with your cable co hope this will help you anna ( check the other reviews sounds like it will )
not on the one i have , you have to look at it . a bright magnified red button with the number of messages is shown .
to expand on the `` no backup battery '' answer ( which is correct ) , the user manual says this : note : in the event of a power failure , the clock needs to be reset . if the clock is not set , the systemannounces , `` time and day not set , '' before message playback.auto reset of answering system clockif you subscribe to caller id service , the day , month and time are set automaticallywith each incoming call . the year must be set so that the day of the week can becalculated from the caller id information.in other words , you do need to reset the time ( easy to do ) and in particular the year ( not set in the caller id information , if you have caller id ) if you want the timestamps to be correct.if you really want a backup battery , you could purchase a small computer battery backup unit ( such as those made by apc and other suppliers ) and provide power to the answering machine with the external battery backup unit . if you already have a battery backup unit ( a really good thing if you have unreliable power ) , you probably have more than enough capacity to power the answering machine and might just need an extension cord . to expand on the `` no backup battery '' answer ( which is correct ) , the user manual says this : note : in the event of a power failure , the clock needs to be reset . if the clock is not set , the systemannounces , `` time and day not set , '' before message playback.auto reset of answering system clockif you subscribe to caller id service , the day , month and time are set automaticallywith each incoming call . the year must be set so that the day of the week can becalculated from the caller id information.in other words , you do need ... » read more to expand on the `` no backup battery '' answer ( which is correct ) , the user manual says this : note : in the event of a power failure , the clock needs to be reset . if the clock is not set , the systemannounces , `` time and day not set , '' before message playback.auto reset of answering system clockif you subscribe to caller id service , the day , month and time are set automaticallywith each incoming call . the year must be set so that the day of the week can becalculated from the caller id information.in other words , you do need to reset the time ( easy to do ) and in particular the year ( not set in the caller id information , if you have caller id ) if you want the timestamps to be correct.if you really want a backup battery , you could purchase a small computer battery backup unit ( such as those made by apc and other suppliers ) and provide power to the answering machine with the external battery backup unit . if you already have a battery backup unit ( a really good thing if you have unreliable power ) , you probably have more than enough capacity to power the answering machine and might just need an extension cord . « show less
yes , that is why i have it . most advertisers do n't say a word after they realize that there is an answering machine .
first , do you have telephone service through the internet ? if so , you do n't need to connect to a modem , just connect to a phone line that your base unit is connected to . if you plan to use another type of internet phone system then you would have to read their instructions for connections . this unit is made to connect to standard phone lines . if they are connected to the internet then they will work just as the base unit .
no , does n't need anything but a phone line .
if you have landline it will work , but if it goes through internet wireless service it will not work
no it does n't . vtech sells a blue tooth compatible version of this series . all models i looked at have speaker phone . if you go to vtech 's website you can look up the manuals for the phone your looking at for tech specifications in the future , may help the not having to wait around for someone to answer for you
jjane - yes , cs6649-2 works fine with cable phone service .
misty - from a remote location , dial the phone number to which the cs6649 is attached . while the greeting plays , enter the two digit remote access code ( factory set to 19 , unless you have changed it ) . once you have achieved remote access , press 1 to play messages . thanks !
there are about 10 different ringtones to choose from . some more annoying than others . i chose the more subtle rings . one for my cell phone , another for my home line so i know which phone is ringing . you can also adjust the volume of the rings . hope this helps .
you got to bluetooth of this phone and tell it whether or not you are on headset 1 or headset 2 and then it downloads your contact and sync to your cellphone ... .. and you can either make and receive calls from your cellphone.. and if you have it connected to a land line it will still work to call and receive calls that way too ... .
the phone is only as good as the service its on . i have the phone and it works great .
yes
yes .
yes , you can put them on speaker phone ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
yes
connecting a cell phone is your choice . i believe as long as you do n't turn on bluetooth it wo n't ask to download any of your info .
i would think so . our corded phones are dect 6.0 so as long as its the same system i do n't see why it would n't work . but i would call uniden and double check . hope this helps .
contact customer service ... ... ... ... ... ... .
yes , it has both . the speaker button is just below the screen , on the left side , ( where corresponding right side says `` menu '' . i do n't use a headset , but on the left side of the handset , about 1-1 2 '' above the `` boost '' button , there is a little `` rubbery flap '' , that when you pull it back , has a round jack type connection under it . hope this helps !
phone and base wire to plug in .
i am sorry , i do not know !
sorry , i really do n't know .
you need to select a voip provider to supply service to these phones .
no , you can not . this is a voice only phone that uses sip protocol . no skype .
it needs to be connected trough an ethernet cable to another device usually a host server or voip server in your home or office , that server is the one hosting the room and functionality for the messages .
not sure if it has that capability , i usually type in a word and some phrases sentences are with the definitions . i still have n't explored all the options yet .
yes . bottom row , third button ( volume ) from left on keyboard . press button and adjust volume with 'previous ' or 'next ' button ( square button on far right ) . either 'mute ' or raise volume .
no , it is a stand alone device . you can plug it in to the wall to save battery power .
i do n't know . i looked in the literature that came with it , but there is nothing to indicate which one is used . it is probably latino spanish because it is used in more places than castillian .
halfway up like a tab thats how all sticky notes are . : - )
honestly i do not know because i have never used the post it pens ! sorry !
paper with nice gum to the stick .
these are paper . so you can use pencil , ink pen , sharpie marker , or a crayon if you 'd like : )
i do n't believe so ? i 'm pretty sure that all of mine were the same size .
no , they are not accordion style . approx . 1 2 inch of the note has a sticky surface on one side and they are stacked as a book would be .
paper , not at all plastic-y !
yes
yes . this feeder is compatible with 400 series models .
no . printing speed remains the same , no matter which tray you are using . however , if the machine decides not to use the manual feeder tray , then there is a waste of paper .
i do n't know for sure but i would guess that no it will not work . this tray will most likely only work for 500 series printers .
the one i received was black , matching the printer iteself .
it 's an additional try and it works awesome ! incredibly easy to install -- the prints drops into this tray and it auto-detects the additional tray . increases the page count to 800 .
yes it does . the back panel slides back to accept the 14 '' length . i use it for large volume legal paper jobs - i.e . printing loan docs all the time .
no . just power .
it has the chains to hang it in front of a window , which is what we have done- looks great .
you can do it with switched outlet or remote . if you are using switched outlet then leave the sign `` on '' using the on- off button behind it , then switch on and off with your outlet switch .
must use remote
i have n't measured but it is over six feet long probably closer to eight .
ye , it comes with hanging chains
it plugs in . works well .
do n't buy this printer , the wireless function always turns off the router . if you want to do wireless i think you have to go a little higher end . other than that the printer is fine . i believe it does do legal sized paper as well .
hi angela , , what i did when that happen to me , was , i took all colors cartridges out , yes even my empties , an put them back in , an made sure they clicked in place , try it , it worked for me , then restart the printer .
it 's electric powered . you also need a dedicated phone line for the fax . i have my machine about 15 feet from the computer since it is wireless . i can print from the back deck , even the basement . the kids can send their printer items from their rooms and i can keep an eye on what they are doing in school as well .
15z
i have never tried it so i do n't know . sorry i ca n't help you . i ca n't think of any way you can however .
dell 31 , 32 series ink cartridges total of 4
i really do n't remember because i had to return 2 new units because there is a big problem with the software . and getting dell to return the units was a bigger pain because you had to go through all these managers and jump through hoops to get a credit on your credit card .
i use `` copy ' and that seems to work . good luck- every time i want to print , i have to insert the disc and reinstall .
my laptop is windows 7 and it works with it so it should work with your computer . it did take me a couple hours to set it up so make sure to do it when you have time . the program disk takes a while to download then you have to set up the fax part of the printer . it would be wise to have another person to read the small screen on the printer for you . i can say however that it was worth the time . it is a great printer to have .
it 's somewhat thin but durable ... .thinner than bubble wrap .
i do n't have a measurement for you , but they are about double thickness of a piece of cardstock and they work wonderfully . i use them to wrap my plates , cups , and crafts that i make . nice and cushy to keep them safe .
12 x 13 x 40 inches
correct .. you do not need a computer but merely a dsl cable internet connection ... however , internet speed needs to be decent ... i.e . 3kb down and 1 up ... . otherwise your conversation will not be clear ... winderful phone
it is multi-voltage 100v-240v so it will work with both .
not that i can see ; it seems pretty proprietary
no , it has to be connected with ethernet .
yes
yes it can . you may have to enter them in the phone , but it stores them . phone works pretty well , id recommend it . you can also wear headphones to use it , which is nice .
no , not without some sort of special hardware in your computer . why ca n't you just connect the base to your router directly ? the handset connects to the base wirelessly like any other cordless phone .
i just checked it out and have exactly the same problem . turned both phone and router off and on , but still does n't work . skype on my pc seems to be working all right . what 's going on ?
good luck getting these to work at all . we ended up just throwing them out . we have been using skype and the previous version of these phones for years . there is no customer support . as you will find if you google , these often just do not work and nobody will respond to your questions .
you could but not recommended you need a specific temperature for the substrate . iron press is the way to go and you need sublijet inks and polyester substrate
mine are hooked up directly to my computer .
yes
not only do you require special transfer paper , you require a special ink . i would highly recommend using sawgrass inks because they have developed inks that are matched with the necessary icc color profiles to ensure what you see on your screen turns into what is pressed on the shirt . now that comes to make next point . you can go with chromablast inks which can print only on light colored 100 % cotton fabrics . if you want more versatility and wider range of products , i would recommend going with sublijet-r inks which can be pressed to 100 % polyester based materials ( from shirts , mugs , hats to phone cases ! ) once you decide the direction you are going you can only use the printer for that purpose . this printer uses an internal ink well system that maintains ink in it so you use all the ink in the cartridges making it very cost efficient . but , you can not switch cartridges and print with another ink . this is specialty printing you are talking about and i highly recommend you find someone who knows this process and teach you because it can be a little daunting learning this on your own . best of luck ! not only do you require special transfer paper , you require a special ink . i would highly recommend using sawgrass inks because they have developed inks that are matched with the necessary icc color profiles to ensure what you see on your screen turns into what is pressed on the shirt . now that comes to make next point . you can go with chromablast inks which can print only on light colored 100 % cotton fabrics . if you want more versatility and wider range of products , i would recommend going with sublijet-r inks which can be pressed to 100 % polyester based materials ( from shirts , mugs , hats ... » read more not only do you require special transfer paper , you require a special ink . i would highly recommend using sawgrass inks because they have developed inks that are matched with the necessary icc color profiles to ensure what you see on your screen turns into what is pressed on the shirt . now that comes to make next point . you can go with chromablast inks which can print only on light colored 100 % cotton fabrics . if you want more versatility and wider range of products , i would recommend going with sublijet-r inks which can be pressed to 100 % polyester based materials ( from shirts , mugs , hats to phone cases ! ) once you decide the direction you are going you can only use the printer for that purpose . this printer uses an internal ink well system that maintains ink in it so you use all the ink in the cartridges making it very cost efficient . but , you can not switch cartridges and print with another ink . this is specialty printing you are talking about and i highly recommend you find someone who knows this process and teach you because it can be a little daunting learning this on your own . best of luck ! « show less
yes , you have to buy sublimation ink . you do not want to install the ink that comes with the printer or it will ruin the printer for sublimation printing .
yes , you can use it with mac . great item..
8.5x11
ca n't say for 380 , i am 345 and it supports with no problems , also this is a very tall cylinder , i am 6'4 and keep it on the lowest setting possible . so if it does blow out it is still usable , i have had mine for about a year i think .
yes as long it is is not bottomed out
if the outer black pipe is 2 '' in diameter then it will work on that chair .
not sure . it fits perfectly in a broyhill . you can always take your cylinder to walmart of office max and see if it will fit the chairs there .
it fits most chairs , thats how these are designed , i had my doubts , but it worked on mine.. i dont know of that specific one . good luck .
do not know . i used them in chairs of other makes .
i would say yes , you would just have to cut through the fabric liner on the bottom of the base which covers the holes . basically just pierce right through it with whatever screw you 're using to secure the stand to your cart .
it should work , i have a 19 '' touch screen that is 4:3 and there is plenty of clearance to the desk .
the stand is strong enough but the center tube is not long enough to keep the tv off of the table . next size up from this company will work . these stands are built out of 1 4 inch steel .
yes it does .
most monitors have a standard mounting pattern of four bolts ( i think there are actually two different sizes ) . i would be surprised if apple did not conform ... but then again , it is apple .
the stand has an adjustable height . from the center of the vesa mount , the height ranges from 7 '' to 10 '' . so measure the distance from the bottom of the monitor to the center of the mount point and subtract that from the given range to get the distance it will be off the table . keep in mind the bracket rotates , so you use this for portrait or landscape orientations if the monitor is rectangular rather than square ( but of course you need enough clearance to rotated it , so very large monitors may not be able to do portrait orientation ) .
it does n't tilt downward . i tried and it pretty much stops with the monitor pointed straight ahead .
hello ! regular printer usb cable : standard end to your computer and square end to the printer .
yes
i am not sure you can call and talk with someone at epson
as i mentioned in my post , be sure to use the ink that came with your ( new ) printer first -- otherwise they wo n't work for you should you try them later . once those run out you can refill them with epson 200 or epson 200xl cartridges ( see link below ) : http : www.epson.ca cgi-bin cestore jsp buy-ink-results.do ? bv_usebvcookie=yes &type; =1 &oid; =62337183
these are not soft rubber , they are plastic . i am not sure on the length , but i 'm guessing 3-4 ''
yes , it is the standard 7 8 stem .
i 'm afraid not ... i ordered these to help me solve the issue of not being able to move around here in my home office , which was carpeted with 1 2 '' pile carpet . these wheels made very little or no difference . mobility is important to me ( now that i 'm disabled ) so i gave up and had hardwood flooring installed here in the office . now i have to buy 4 different wheels ( the soft rubber kind ) as these are too hard for my new floor and will scratch it ( as told to me by the flooring people and verified by several office supply stores ) . so , the short answer is no . sorry , i , too , was looking for an inexpensive solution , but it did n't workout . i 'm afraid not ... i ordered these to help me solve the issue of not being able to move around here in my home office , which was carpeted with 1 2 '' pile carpet . these wheels made very little or no difference . mobility is important to me ( now that i 'm disabled ) so i gave up and had hardwood flooring installed here in the office . now i have to buy 4 different wheels ( the soft rubber kind ) as these are too hard for my new floor and will scratch it ( as told to me by the flooring people and verified by several office supply stores ) . so , the short answer is no . sorry , i , too , was looking for ... » read more i 'm afraid not ... i ordered these to help me solve the issue of not being able to move around here in my home office , which was carpeted with 1 2 '' pile carpet . these wheels made very little or no difference . mobility is important to me ( now that i 'm disabled ) so i gave up and had hardwood flooring installed here in the office . now i have to buy 4 different wheels ( the soft rubber kind ) as these are too hard for my new floor and will scratch it ( as told to me by the flooring people and verified by several office supply stores ) . so , the short answer is no . sorry , i , too , was looking for an inexpensive solution , but it did n't workout . « show less
i do n't understand why you 're asking this . you need to replace a stem for a wheel ? stem in 7 16ths of an inch . so the stem hole in the in the wheel and the stem hole in the base plate are 7 16ths of an inch ( the little slip ring on the pin provides the tightening effect when you press it in .
no , they are not , so be sure and get the proper size .
from the product description `` each package contains five ( 5 ) wheels '' and i can confirm that of 3 sets i have purchased all have come with 5 .
i would assume the answer is yes since you save your scanned images on a sd card and then transfer them to your computer .
not sure how to answer your question ... the unit comes with a standard power supply cord that plugs into the scanner . i believe it comes with the 110v standard usa rating . sorry hope this helps ... its a great unit already scanned over 2600 pictures and still have room on the memory card . the unit has already paid for itself ... . in the cost of sending out pictures to be scannned .
yes , a usb cable .
as long as it is connected to a pc . you have to put software on a computer , save the file and transfer it to the external hard drive . you ca n't just directly put it from the scanner to the external hard drive .
i am really sorry but i do n't know the answer to that question . we have windows vista . you can do a search on line with the company ...
yes ... bottom of unit . 4 aaa batteries . not sure if it 's aa or aaa , but yes there is a place to load batteries . it was a great buy ... over 4000 pictures scanned and the 4gig slot card is n't full yet . saved me so much money vs. sending them out to be scanned . hope this helped
it works fine but the resolution is very low . the resolution is 1200dpi for only one square inch of negative . thus , the resultant picture quality is lower than the 600dpi setting for photos . for a 5x6 photo there is 35 times more area scanned even though it is at half the resolution .
yes .
yes ... it comes with a standard power cord and 4 gig card
they are included
it is powered by a plug in electrical cord .
it comes with a usa plug , but you can use any usb charger , i used a normal old blackberry usb charger and it worked fine , or you can just use a usb cable plugged into your computer to power it
there is nothing built in the machine for dust or scratches , but if you use compressed air it will help . for the scratches rub your nose for some skin oil and apply to the scratch
you are correct in thinking i am a dope but i am and i have not a clue about dpi . however , i can say this : this is a fabulous product . it does everything i asked of it . to date i have converted 2500 slides onto digital , seen each one on screen and am delighted with the results . i am now embarking on about 4000 photos . now , i 'll give some tech details . 14 mega pixels cmos sensor . external memory-sd mmc card . data conversion-12 bits per colour channel . powered from computer usb port or 5v adapter wall outlet . it is as easy as pie ( otherwise i would be lost ) , very quick once you get the hang of it . you can put 4 slides through in about 30 secs . ( except loading and unloading of course ) . if oyu are looking to do slides , just follow the instructions for film . odd that they advertise it as a slide convertor and then do n't mention it in the instructions . i had bought a cheap competitor and it was useless . this is a winner . i think i should join them as a salesman . would do well . hope to have helped . a pleasure . you are correct in thinking i am a dope but i am and i have not a clue about dpi . however , i can say this : this is a fabulous product . it does everything i asked of it . to date i have converted 2500 slides onto digital , seen each one on screen and am delighted with the results . i am now embarking on about 4000 photos . now , i 'll give some tech details . 14 mega pixels cmos sensor . external memory-sd mmc card . data conversion-12 bits per colour channel . powered from computer usb port or 5v adapter wall outlet . it is as easy as pie ( otherwise i would be lost ) , very quick once you get the hang ... » read more you are correct in thinking i am a dope but i am and i have not a clue about dpi . however , i can say this : this is a fabulous product . it does everything i asked of it . to date i have converted 2500 slides onto digital , seen each one on screen and am delighted with the results . i am now embarking on about 4000 photos . now , i 'll give some tech details . 14 mega pixels cmos sensor . external memory-sd mmc card . data conversion-12 bits per colour channel . powered from computer usb port or 5v adapter wall outlet . it is as easy as pie ( otherwise i would be lost ) , very quick once you get the hang of it . you can put 4 slides through in about 30 secs . ( except loading and unloading of course ) . if oyu are looking to do slides , just follow the instructions for film . odd that they advertise it as a slide convertor and then do n't mention it in the instructions . i had bought a cheap competitor and it was useless . this is a winner . i think i should join them as a salesman . would do well . hope to have helped . a pleasure . « show less
i returned this because the poor quality of transfers from slides and prints . you can do better with a scanner , but it takes longer . for photos , i got better results by taking a picture with my camera . to get a great converter you 'll have to spend $ 600 .
for print photos you can use the packaged guides that are 5x7 , 4x6 , 3x5 . however , you can truly convert any size , as i have done it . ( with the exception of 8 10 ) i 've converted very unusual sizes ranging from years pre wwi ! there seemed to be no standard size photos in the early 1900 's . for unusual sizes it only takes a little maneuvering with placing the photo on the glass plate , covering with piece of paper , and voila ! you can have family photos from earlier generations ! i was able to convert the smaller than wallet sized photos that were popular during wwi and not lose quality . you will love this product . for print photos you can use the packaged guides that are 5x7 , 4x6 , 3x5 . however , you can truly convert any size , as i have done it . ( with the exception of 8 10 ) i 've converted very unusual sizes ranging from years pre wwi ! there seemed to be no standard size photos in the early 1900 's . for unusual sizes it only takes a little maneuvering with placing the photo on the glass plate , covering with piece of paper , and voila ! you can have family photos from earlier generations ! i was able to convert the smaller than wallet sized photos that were popular during wwi and not lose quality . you will ... » read more for print photos you can use the packaged guides that are 5x7 , 4x6 , 3x5 . however , you can truly convert any size , as i have done it . ( with the exception of 8 10 ) i 've converted very unusual sizes ranging from years pre wwi ! there seemed to be no standard size photos in the early 1900 's . for unusual sizes it only takes a little maneuvering with placing the photo on the glass plate , covering with piece of paper , and voila ! you can have family photos from earlier generations ! i was able to convert the smaller than wallet sized photos that were popular during wwi and not lose quality . you will love this product . « show less
you put a few in the plastic frame , one slot or space for each slide ... 4 or 5. of course you can load just one if you want to . then you slowly feed the device through an opening at your right side . see in the screen the first picture and carefully center , digitalize and save , then feed in into next picture ... .until done . you will get practice it is really fast . good luck !
i do not recall that it did , but to be sure , you might contact the manufacturer
yes , it will work with existing phones .
yes , it will .
you need to install the twain driver and unless you use other software then you can use the software that came with the scanner . the driver should have been supplied on a cd or you can download it for the model scanner .
hi jonathan , the scanner can do both functions . the scanner comes with software called captureperfect that will allow you to select the page setting you prefer . located at the bottom left of the captureperfect main operations screen is the 'multipage settings ' menu . from there you can select 'single ' , 'multipage ' ( all pages ) or 'multipage ' ( specified ) . we have many of these scanners in our offices and they 've performed very well . hope you find this helpful . cheers .
yes
hello , canon part number : 6583b002thanks ,
this scanner has guides that adjust to the width of whatever size document that you plan on scanning . this is in my office at work and i have successfully scanned receipts , business cards , post office return receipt green cards , etc .
i do n't remember if they came in a box or not but i can weigh the units themselves when i get back to work tomorrow .
they are affixed to a sheet of paper
the most i 've ever tried was 7 oz . hope this was helpful
i do believe it will . i have the mfc8710dw and this is the correct toner . it 's the size for the newer models , so i think this is correct
carole , i would n't worry about not finding the printer model on the list of printers this toner can be used on . if your printer says to use tn-750 , you ca n't go wrong when you purchase that toner .
i have the 8910 model , and it works great
no i 've never had this issue with this cartridge .
yes genuine .
gobby , i have never heard there is an expiration date for those kind of items . i have owned brother printers for years and never had a problem with them - except when super storm sandy took my color laser printer : - ( but i quickly purchased another one , a monochrome this time because of my budget . the high yield toner last me over a year with no problems .
do n't know for sure , but most warranties begin on the purchase date .
i have no idea ... get an adapter ?
the mil thickness of the 20 included pouches is not included in the packaging info .
yes you can use smaller pouches . we cut the large ones down and use them . the smaller works fine in the laminator .
120v
i have n't had a problem with anything i 've cut trimmed coming apart .
it comes with a couple laminating plastic sleeves , i believe it was 10 but of course you would need additional plastics in your specific sizes depending on what you want to laminate . for example , my diploma needed a longer plastic for a proper fit , it would be the size that generally fits `` legal sized pages '' , so i had to order those separately .
i called scotch about the differences between the tl-901 and the tl-902 . they function exactly the same but the tl-902 is newer , lighter and has a side handle for easier carrying .
actually i 've used different style brands of laminated pouches . all work . they are all basically made the same . with different millage thickness 's .
yes but you will have to trim them down
i have never put a thermometer to mine to check , but i am able to handle the finished product after a few seconds without burning my fingers .
i would not purchase this particular machine.it does not create a good seal and it 's cheap because it does n't do as advertised and in my 40years of office work , i know what the end product should look like.i 'll give you mine .
i never have used a carrier & it works just fine . the carrier usually comes in the box of laminating sleeves .
you can definitely trim closer to the item you laminated . personally , i go to about 1 8 of an inch away when laminating normal pieces of paper ( in terms of thickness ) . you could conceivably arrange several items in one larger laminating envelope and then cut them apart , as long as you leave at least 1 4 '' between them.once you laminate the object you will be able to clearly see where the sheet is melted completely and thereby determine where you can trim closer . hope this helps !
with this machine , you are limited to 81 2 x 11 laminate sheets . you would have to cut the long border into the mentioned size and depending on the width of the border , two might be able to fit in the 81 2 x 11 sheet . but i do n't think this is what you want to do , so you should look for an industrial laminator that has two rolls of laminated and can accommodate any length .
yes . i was able to laminate 8.5 x 11 inch sheets of paper and cut things out . the edges stayed intact and did not peel off .
i have used generic ( office supply brand ) laminate pouches .
yes
i do a lot of laminating but i 've only bought scotch thermal pouches .
yes , the boxes are great .
it sounds like your boxes may not have been cut right on the die because my boxes opened and folded together without any challenges or special instructions . they were all actually very good and very solid boxes so you might want to see about getting them replaced .
i bought the medium boxes , which are 18 '' x 14 '' x 12 '' each .
you have to be sure the device is off , and the device will hold charge .
this is a bluetooth device and i use it with my macbook air ( mid 2012 model ) .
no
it will not work .
yes they are
yes , it is january 2013-january 2014- nice calendar !
this calendar does not include monthly calendar spreads .
not in the sense that google voice can be your voip provider , as far as i know . if you have a us number , you can use google voice to forward calls , record messages and what not . however , your voip provider may already do this - i 'm using phone.com with my a510ip , and i 'm quite happy with the features it provides .
yes . if you have configured a voip provider ( or several ) , the device will let you choose what line account you want to use for outbound calls . unless you specify a default.overall a well-designed product . just be aware that it ca n't do wifi ; i had to move my internet router to someplace next to a phone outlet in order to connect the base station .
only one land line . you can have multiple ip lines
gigaset has many model 's , the one i had in which it has 4 handsets work with only one base . yes , you can use several voip accounts with different voip providers at the same time
it 's very light , maybe 3 pounds empty ? much lighter than it looks .
when you put the cart together , did you push the wheels on until they clicked ? if not , they 'll fall off .
pocket is abut 8 '' deep and 7 '' wide .
about 4 pounds .
it is 37 '' from the floor to the top of the handle . the bag is 20 '' deep and 10-11 '' inches square . holds about 5 or 6 plastic bags of groceries or two 12-can boxes of cola and 2 plastic bags of groceries . i 've had mine since december of 2012 and use it weekly with no problems . perfect if you have a small car and live in a hi-rise .
no . it 's not a bad carry-all because it is very light weight and stable when in the upright position . but when putting it into the car , unless you have a very large suv it has to be laid down on its side and it does n't have the most secure closure on the top .
i have no problems with the wheels while pulling this cart around , and up and down stairs and curbs .
the shelves are adjustable so you decide what space you want using about 1 inch intervals along the uprights . mine are about 13 inches . i love mine . it moves so easily and is really a good , heavy duty moveable shelf unit .
1 inch diameter
it 's 35.75 inches at the highest point .
hey liz . it can be used without the wheels . you will lose about a pound per wheel . you 'll need to put rubber boots on each of the post to keep it from scratching the floor if that 's a problem . it is very easy to put together .
it would fit on the bottom shelf
it can . it just ca n't be on the same level as the handle . it has to be either above or below .
the cart is 41 '' long with handle , 18 1 2 '' deep and 36 '' high ...
with the bottom shelf at the lowest position and the top shelf at the highest position , the distance between the top of the shelf is 27 inches . you would have ~10 inches left .
not really , but a hammer or a rubber hammer helps to get it solid . you can use a small piece of a 2x4 or a heavy foot ... .
same issue with ours ; i wonder if the evaporate or just set to warn at 1 3 empty ( or such ) to push new carts .
i 've only had to do this once ... and it worked just fine.it will of course depend on your program the document is formatted in . but , we simply love this machine . the company we bought it from has always been happy to help me with any problems i encountered while learning to use it .
yes , it has standard wired connection , as well as wireless . i use the wireless connection .
yes it does
this printer does so much ( printing , scanning , faxing ) that it has to be told what you want it to do , so make certain that the correct format is chosen . if you mean that it never printed when you took it out of the box , then that is a different matter entirely . if you can get it to work , i think you will be pleased with it . best of luck !
makes it taller by approximately 5 1 4 inches
according to the brother web site it will work
hi - i would call the manufacturer or return it . i have the same printer and it does n't make that noise .
check and make sure the tray is correctly position . i had mine backward .
yes . that is the intent of this tray . it simply attaches at bottom of machine . i load this one with legal paper and the other with letter size paper . i now have dual tray printer and printer reads pal language , so knows which tray to draw from , on downloaded documents . excellent product .
mine matched the color of the printer . it was not a deep black .
yes it does
it 's 33-34 '' high when opened .
i bought it for someone else , not me ... do n't know how to fix that..
the printer is very fast , but not quiet . when the printer begins to print , there is a fairly loud buzz indicating printing has begun . that said , i am very happy with this printer 's performance and would highly recommend it .
the toner cartridges fit inside the drum unit . the toner cartridge it comes with is low capacity , so best to buy a toner pretty soon after buying the printer . the drum unit has to be replaced too , but not for quite a while . you 'll use several toners before the drum gets replaced . the printer tells you the percentage of drum life left .
there is a by-pass tray , when you fold the front flap down and it will hold up to 50- sheet of 20lb paper . i love the unit and am using it in an office environment with twelve people network to it .
i do n't know what the differences are between the 95 and the 475 but what i do know is that as nice as a unit as the franklin is , is that this unit is a battery hog when you use the audio feature . two aaa batteries will only power the audio feature for four to six hours then continue to power the text bible for a few days . if you are wanting it for the audio feature as i did i recommend getting rechargeable batteries . it 'll still go through the batteries but you wo n't be buying new batteries every week or so . i replaced this unit with another brand called the nowbible color . it has audio & text bible ( kjv ) , it plays music and mp4 & windows media format videos plus a pda . it has an on board but replaceable rechargeable battery and mini sd memory card slot . it recharges via power cord or usb from a computer . the usb also allows you at access the on board memory . it also is a touch screen . the franklin is a very good unit but i 've found the nowbible to be more versatile and is not a battery hog . i found the nowbible on line for just under one hundred dollars . i do n't know what the differences are between the 95 and the 475 but what i do know is that as nice as a unit as the franklin is , is that this unit is a battery hog when you use the audio feature . two aaa batteries will only power the audio feature for four to six hours then continue to power the text bible for a few days . if you are wanting it for the audio feature as i did i recommend getting rechargeable batteries . it 'll still go through the batteries but you wo n't be buying new batteries every week or so . i replaced this unit with another brand called the nowbible color . it has audio & ... » read more i do n't know what the differences are between the 95 and the 475 but what i do know is that as nice as a unit as the franklin is , is that this unit is a battery hog when you use the audio feature . two aaa batteries will only power the audio feature for four to six hours then continue to power the text bible for a few days . if you are wanting it for the audio feature as i did i recommend getting rechargeable batteries . it 'll still go through the batteries but you wo n't be buying new batteries every week or so . i replaced this unit with another brand called the nowbible color . it has audio & text bible ( kjv ) , it plays music and mp4 & windows media format videos plus a pda . it has an on board but replaceable rechargeable battery and mini sd memory card slot . it recharges via power cord or usb from a computer . the usb also allows you at access the on board memory . it also is a touch screen . the franklin is a very good unit but i 've found the nowbible to be more versatile and is not a battery hog . i found the nowbible on line for just under one hundred dollars . « show less
franklin did make one in spanish at one time , but it seems to be unavailable now .
no .
the speaking voice is pretty clear
no
size is approximately 20 '' height , 15 '' wide , 12 '' deep . the unit is pretty surprisingly heavy , so the pull out bin is helpful .
no ... instruction book lists 120v only
the machine is about two feet high , a foot wide and 8 inches deep . i no longer work in the office that uses it , so i ca n't measure it exactly . hope that helps !
does not require a phone jack .
i believe it will work with any , i have the app on i-pad , i-phone , and my hp netbook which i use in my living room while watching tv and can print without going into the bedroom where printer is . i love it !
yes . iphone app , also a email address for the printer you can send to and print . not sure about google
it uses 564 or 564 xl only
yesyou can scan to email directly or to a computer and then email
you can use any paper . there are 2 dif . trays . i use it for t-shirt transfers , invoices , templates , shipping labels . i use it with every kind & size of paper . hp actually has another model that has a 5th ink cartridge and is better suited to photographs .
it can be . all the colors are available in the xl cartridges which have more ink in them but also more expensive . depending on how often you print , i buy the regular size color cartridges and the xl in black because as a rule , black is the color that is used the most . also , if you can find them , it is much less expensive if you buy the `` set '' . i bought the regular size colors and it included the 564xl black which was less expensive than buy each one separately . hope this helps .
yes . uses 564xl cartridges in black , cyan , magenta , and yellow . this printer has suited my printing needs quite well . if you use refilled cartridges , the ink level indicator function may not show the correct levels .
mine works great with both windows 8 , and 8.1 .
should work fine , it sits completely flat over the hardwood surface
it is just a rectangle with no lip
yes..very easy..i just take it outside and hose it off..its flexible and easy to carry .
my chair does n't roll when i lean back . the mat is not smooth . it has a stippled finish . however , i 'm on a very flat ceramic tile surface .
it is 36'x48 ' , physically measured .
i keep a desk leg ( or two ) on top of the mat to keep it in place . i do n't have any problem . the mat is great .
mats for carpet have studs to grip the carpet . hard floor mats do n't . as you know , flat things slide over carpet . if you ever have one foot on the carpet and one on the mat , there is a chance you could slip and smack your head on your desk or chair . it 's up to you , but that hospital bill will cost more then your $ 10 savings .
have n't tried it with an ipad but it does work with my iphone
yes , you can and the paper size i purchased is 4x6
i used my iphone 5 this year to print pictures at our fall festival . we printed over 100 photos . from the time you press print to the time you get your photo is 1:06 exactly . we used two different iphones . while one was printing to the printer we used the other iphone to take the next printer . it worked great ! we are considering a second printer to have two different photo lines at our event . i 've not tried the ipad but i assume it works exactly the same since it uses the same app .
yes . you can connect camera , card or computer and print . my daughter just connects her camera to print .
you do need to purchase the additional ink and paper kit to get use out of it . but like many ink jet printers they only give you enough to get started and refills are on you .
it looks like it will support the memory stick pro duo
did you ever get this fixed ? mine is doing the same ? thanks
probably , but spend your hard earned $ on something better that this .
my experience with the slide holder has been that the slides fit perfectly into the little squares , when they are in the slide holders . are your slides in the cases still ?
the only holder that comes with this is for the standard size slide .
i have not used it for negatives yet , only slides . they slip into a tray that is fed manually through the box . there is no auto advance . i have used other scanners in the past , and i am extremely pleased with this one .
we have n't tried aps , but does well with 35mm , slides , and 120 .
the directions are basically useless ... i had the same problem . i contacted pacific image electronics by e-mail & got immediate response , and a lot of help from someone named wendy.the original e-mail address i used was support @ scanace.com ... subsequently used a direct address to wendy - wendy @ scanace.com .
a 120mm neg holder comes with the machine along with a 35mm neg holder .
there is a cord leading to the computer and the images are scanned to the computer hard drive . yes , the computer has to be on .
yes
there are two holders , one accommodates a strip of negative film , and the other accommodates four slides , and you advance it manually after each slide finishes scanning . both are just linear holders that insert in a slot on one side of the unit and pass through to the other side .
the only options are .jpg and .tif . the documentation is n't that great , and once i established the settings , the software did n't accept any changes to the settings .
dear j. a. nodine : yes it works with both my macbook pro ( 2012 ) and my macbookair i use vuescan ( http : www.hamrick.com ) on both computers and am delighted with the performance so far . jeremy harman
i do n't think so . my husband just went to look at it and found only a usb-b .
yes it does . this scanner works wonderful .
you need to get roll developed before you can do anything with it .
from my experience the drum fits all 3 toner sizes . drums last much.longer than toner cartridges . usually 2 or 3 cartridges to a drum
it works just fine . even amazon can make an error once in a while !
no . it 's too big .
i did n't have any problems
yes
it should be a new authentic brother toner cartridge , not a refurbished one . the 2 times i have ordered this item they were new authentic brother .
yes
amazon has the best prices and even some of the more obscure lable tapes .
it can do multiple lines .
the tape packaging says it withstands heat and cold . ricahrd
do n't know if this will help or not . i have a different ( older ) brother p-touch which also uses the tz tape . mine is a desktop model that uses batteries . anyway , the way mine works , you push 'function ' and then the number '8 ' . this gets you to the 'tab length ' menu . it will probably be set to 'auto ' . next , use the up and down arrows to get to 2-inches ( i think it will display 2.0 '' ) . mine goes from 0.0 to 4.0 inches . hope this helps . if you get a chance , would you let me know how you like the handheld model ? i 'm thinking of getting one .
the small , medium and large sizes do not indicate pt-sizes . but from personal experience large is about 24 pt .
i have printed on 8 1 2 inch label sheets -- works well , they 've never jammed . i have not used the printer for card stock as of yet .
peggy , i have loaded both my macs and windows pcs ( i have three pcs that use the samsumg as default [ xp , vista and 7 ] and have no issues with them and macs using it . the vista has no issues on set-up , i did use an usb 2.0 cable with xp , and then used wifi with it , as i explained in review . no , you can have sumultaneous print jobs from all .
i just bought this printer about 2 months ago . i have printed about 600 pages and the toner is about half way .
the only thing i can think is to air out the pages or fan them so they do n't stick , it also could be the type of paper you are trying to scan , once in a great while this does happen to me but never more than 2 pages at one time on a pile of 15 pages , also make sure the top of the scanner is locked in place tightly sorry i do n't have any better ideas ... craig
yes you have to install the print manager in order to scan to email . i have had issues with conflicts with scanning . i occasionally get `` no memory available '' as an error . i have to uninstall and install the drivers in order for it to save my scans .
by default you can set it up to be colour or black white
flexible but not floppy . it 's not a stiff plastic - you would need to have it on rigid surface to write on it
a few sheets .
yes , it 's like a pocket
the folder opens on the top right corner basically . the top and right side are open , while the left and bottom are sealed .
yes it works quite okay with 8.1 , just switched mine this week .
yes , the dell support site has drivers for this os.http : www.dell.com support drivers us en 19 product dell-b1160
works great with xp
no
it is 7 '' high ... 13 `` wide and 8 1 2 '' deep , hope that helps !
this printer is compatible with dell b116x series 1,500 pages standard yield black toner cartridge
i ordered the dell b1160 for this printer
i think that the paper catch is malfunctioning . i would return the printer and get a replacement . mine works fine btw also , if you are not able to use the wireless feature you may have made an error setting up the printer . it is n't connecting properly to your wireless router . when you get a replacement check the user manual that dell has online for instructions about making the wireless connection .
mine came with one partially full
yes , it comes with the wheels removed - but it just has steel tubes for legs ( in order to mount the casters ) that would cause holes or scratches on most any type of floor .
larry , i weigh 250lbs . and the wheels broke off right away . this stool is a waste of money !
20 '' - 26 ''
approximately 12.5 ''
to the top of the stool seat 221 2 inches
yes , it covers 2011 , 2008 , 2005 , 2002 , and if i am not mistakent 1999
yes it is . it comes with many previous versions of the code preloaded into it as well . it is also upgradable for future code updates . hope this helps.ben
still 2011 but comes with update certificate once 2014 is released . free update 1 time
only the base station needs to be connected to a phone jack .
no ...
yes it does .
no it has 1 line and i do n't believe it has call forwarding .
yes .
the phone does mount on the wall and is powered by the adapter which has a cord that is about 6 ft. i will add that the wall mount is confusing . there is a place to hang it , you have to release the back part and then there is a mount . i personally put it on the counter and the face with the information is adjustable .
i am not sure but i can stand outside in my driveway and talk . that 's about 50 ' and three walls between ...
no , it does not work for the canon mg 6200. i think it has something to do with the computer chip attached to the cartridge , it did n't work for mine !
not sure what you are talking about . you just need to peel the seal off then twist the cap off before install the cartridge .
sorry i have n't used yellow yet just changed out gray and black . they seem to be working normal for me . did the orange pull tab come off when you installed it ? it would be the second step on the instructions before install
yes they work great . we printed our wedding pictures
my husband said it 's a few inches thick . it 's a nice item , but might be a bit bulky if your carrying it around ( not in a briefcase ) . hope that helps .
i.d . = 1.0 '' , o.d . = 1.25 ''
it is not real leather
yes
1.5 ''
mine works perfectly . have you taken out the plastic clip ?
obvious causes : the cartridge is empty . the cartridge is not seated properly . the cartridge is faulty . i 'd try a different or new cartridge . ( the one i got worked great ... but it is possible you got a bad one . )
yes it worked even though i am tech challenged . do you have a windows 8 ? i wish you much luck but . i must say that the lbp 6000 was the easiest device to operate . the toner should fit in one way only just be patient and it will work tom
no
i pulled really hard
i do n't have an exact count , but i would estimate that my first one gave me about 1700 pages most of which were text . i generally use arial with a font size of 11 .
it has been working fine in our mf3010 .
yes , but due to construction , they 're not really good for soft beds .
the adjustments are only to the angle of the left side of the tray . my estimate is the left side angle can be 22 degrees or 45 degrees . the legs adjust to approx 6 inches and three inches .
yes . i actually have a 17 '' asus gaming laptop that is 12 '' deep front to back and 18 '' across . it fits just fine and i still have plenty of room on the side for a mouse . do n't get me wrong , it completely covers the table from the front lip to the back . wiht a standard size laptop , you will have no worries at all !
yes
no
the bottom of the cup holder is solid to hold a cup or glass but the sides are mesh material . i have used mine for a glass and pencils with no problems . i hope this helps .
maximum height is 9 1 2 '' . and yes , sturdy enough to hold 20-30 lbs
hi , it 's exactly 60cm x 35cm
5 inches
4x6
no , it is just the paper tray . you have to buy the ink cartridges separately .
no
i put a full size desktop on mine plus keyboard and a 20 in monitor . 29.5 inches high x 27.5 inches wide x 19.6 inches deep
www.comfortproducts.net products ; under products open downloads and then open 50-1001 manual pdf
i considered this , but the structural integrity of the desk would be compromised beyond use . the bottom tray serves to keep the feet aligned with the top and make sure any weight placed on the top is properly distributed through the frame to the feet . i am sure that one could cut a notch out of the bottom tray , if not too deep , and still have the bottom serve its purpose . i hope this helps !
barry , on top of my desk , i have computer screen , speakers , a light and a portable telephone . i have had to put heavy work on it before while e-mailing and never did it wiggle or act like it could not hold it all . so i really think it would be fine . i have had mine a year now , lots of compliments on it when friends come in and would not but anything else . this desk holds my fax copier and modem on bottom shelf too . it is just the right size and very neat looking . i hope this helps sir .
the lower shelf is 24 '' by 15 ''
no - fairly easy and believe it came with necessary tools . it might have needed a phillips head screw driver , but nothing any fancier .
the pull out shelf for the keyboard has 24 7 8 '' clearance , the desktop 27 7 8 '' . i have no problem at 5'11 ''
23 '' from top of the bottom shelf to bottom of the keyboard tray
you actually end up sitting further back because the keyboard tray slides out . i lean my feet on the shelf when i 'm just cruising with my mouse .
the top of the desk measures 27 and 1 2 inches i think that your monitor would look good
no just the last one
works with my samsung galaxy 4 and 5 but i typically just use it with my laptop..
yes , the vupoint magic wand scanner does scan color .
no
i have not used it but the obi1032 features on obihai website indicates that obibt can be used for headset or mobile phone pairing .
you must reset the obi 100 from the bottom of the box and set the 202 as a new unit . replacing your obitalk account as well . this allows you to have the same number and account with different model .
no . this is to connect the obihai to your wireless phone to use instead of a router to internet . this way you would be able to connect a standard phone through blue tooth to the obihai to make calls through your wireless phone in place of voip service . of course , your wireless carrier rules would apply just as if you were using the wireless phone . you may have to be set up for tethering , and that may have additional charges . check with your wireless carrier first .
this device will make your 200 pair with your cell phone so you can use your cell phones internet service to make calls
you may pair up to 2 cell phones at a time using 2 obibt devices and a usb hub connected to the obi voip adapter device 's usb port.you may use both obibts at the same time to answer receive gateway calls via the obi device.pairing obibt with mobile phoneto use obibluetooth with a mobile phone , you must first pair it with the phone . you can initiate the pairing operation from the mobile phone 's bluetooth setup screen . a typical mobile phone has a `` scan for devices '' option under its buetooth setting . activating that option shows a list of bluetooth devices in the neighbourhood . for your obibt to show up in this list , you must make sure it is set to `` discoverable '' . there are two ways to make obibt discoverable ( bt1 or bt2 , but not both at the same time ) :1. connect a phone to any one of the obi phone ports , pick up the phone and dial *28. if you have an authentic obibt dongle attached to the obi , you will hear a beep-beep confirmation tone , and the obibt will be discoverable for the next 120 seconds . if you do not have an obibt dongle attached to the obi , you will hear a fast busy tone instead 2. open the device web page and click on obibluetooth 1 under voice services on the left side panel of the page . check the option discoverable under device settings on the obibluetooth page and press the submit button at the bottom of the page . this makes your obibt discoverable for the next 120 seconds if you have an authentic dongle attached to the devicenotes : - dialing *28 while having a single obibt dongle attached to the unit also associates the dongle with bt1 service , as well as making bt1 dongle discoverable for 120 seconds.- similarly to the above , dialing *29 while having a single obibt dongle attached to the unit associates the dongle with bt2 service , as well as making bt2 dongle discoverable for 120 seconds- you must attach one and only one obibt dongle to the unit when dialing *28 or *29. failure to do so will result in operation failure as indicated by a fast-busy tone . - if you plan to use both bt1 and bt2 services , you must first associate each dongle to a bt service by attaching one dongle to the unit at a time and dial *28 or *29. when you are done with both bt service association and pairing each dongle with external device , attach both obibt dongles to make both bt services available on the obi.note that you do not want the obibt to remain discoverable indefinitely to avoid unauthorized pairing.if your obibt is discoverable , it should show up in your mobile phone 's scanned device list , with the name `` obi '' . then you can select that device for pairing . that would be it for most modern mobile phones . for some older phone models , however , it may further prompt you to enter a 4-digit pin code in order to complete pairing with the obibt . you may enter 0 0 0 0 if you are prompted to do so.once paired , the mobile phone and the obi will remember the pairing so that you do not need to perform this operation again in the future , until the pairing is explicitly removed . in fact , the obi will remember the last 10 paired devices . the name `` obi '' should be shown in the list of paired devices on your mobile phone . the mobile phone should then allow you to select `` obi '' from the list to establish a connection . if the operation is successful , it should say connected . with that , you are ready to make and receive mobile calls on the obi via your mobile handset.after an initial pairing and connection with the mobile phone , obibt will automatically request connection with the same phone next time it comes in range . if it still remembers the pairing information with obibt , your mobile phone would also quietly accept the connection request . you may pair up to 2 cell phones at a time using 2 obibt devices and a usb hub connected to the obi voip adapter device 's usb port.you may use both obibts at the same time to answer receive gateway calls via the obi device.pairing obibt with mobile phoneto use obibluetooth with a mobile phone , you must first pair it with the phone . you can initiate the pairing operation from the mobile phone 's bluetooth setup screen . a typical mobile phone has a `` scan for devices '' option under its buetooth setting . activating that option shows a list of bluetooth ... » read more you may pair up to 2 cell phones at a time using 2 obibt devices and a usb hub connected to the obi voip adapter device 's usb port.you may use both obibts at the same time to answer receive gateway calls via the obi device.pairing obibt with mobile phoneto use obibluetooth with a mobile phone , you must first pair it with the phone . you can initiate the pairing operation from the mobile phone 's bluetooth setup screen . a typical mobile phone has a `` scan for devices '' option under its buetooth setting . activating that option shows a list of bluetooth devices in the neighbourhood . for your obibt to show up in this list , you must make sure it is set to `` discoverable '' . there are two ways to make obibt discoverable ( bt1 or bt2 , but not both at the same time ) :1. connect a phone to any one of the obi phone ports , pick up the phone and dial *28. if you have an authentic obibt dongle attached to the obi , you will hear a beep-beep confirmation tone , and the obibt will be discoverable for the next 120 seconds . if you do not have an obibt dongle attached to the obi , you will hear a fast busy tone instead 2. open the device web page and click on obibluetooth 1 under voice services on the left side panel of the page . check the option discoverable under device settings on the obibluetooth page and press the submit button at the bottom of the page . this makes your obibt discoverable for the next 120 seconds if you have an authentic dongle attached to the devicenotes : - dialing *28 while having a single obibt dongle attached to the unit also associates the dongle with bt1 service , as well as making bt1 dongle discoverable for 120 seconds.- similarly to the above , dialing *29 while having a single obibt dongle attached to the unit associates the dongle with bt2 service , as well as making bt2 dongle discoverable for 120 seconds- you must attach one and only one obibt dongle to the unit when dialing *28 or *29. failure to do so will result in operation failure as indicated by a fast-busy tone . - if you plan to use both bt1 and bt2 services , you must first associate each dongle to a bt service by attaching one dongle to the unit at a time and dial *28 or *29. when you are done with both bt service association and pairing each dongle with external device , attach both obibt dongles to make both bt services available on the obi.note that you do not want the obibt to remain discoverable indefinitely to avoid unauthorized pairing.if your obibt is discoverable , it should show up in your mobile phone 's scanned device list , with the name `` obi '' . then you can select that device for pairing . that would be it for most modern mobile phones . for some older phone models , however , it may further prompt you to enter a 4-digit pin code in order to complete pairing with the obibt . you may enter 0 0 0 0 if you are prompted to do so.once paired , the mobile phone and the obi will remember the pairing so that you do not need to perform this operation again in the future , until the pairing is explicitly removed . in fact , the obi will remember the last 10 paired devices . the name `` obi '' should be shown in the list of paired devices on your mobile phone . the mobile phone should then allow you to select `` obi '' from the list to establish a connection . if the operation is successful , it should say connected . with that , you are ready to make and receive mobile calls on the obi via your mobile handset.after an initial pairing and connection with the mobile phone , obibt will automatically request connection with the same phone next time it comes in range . if it still remembers the pairing information with obibt , your mobile phone would also quietly accept the connection request . « show less
that 's what i tried to do with a panasonic system but i could n't get it to pair . i returned the bluetooth adapter . the obi202 works great with google voice and a hardwired cordless phone system .
yes , just to make copies it does not need to be plugged to the pc laptop .
yes and 8.1
it uses 211xl for color and 210xl for black and white . i have never used a cartridge refill ; i hear that they are messy . by the way the xl means that it has more ink than the regular 211 and 210. i hope this help .
no , it does not
yes , it does : )
this is for top tear checks . it is a great cover !
janet , there are 4 pages between each tab . the tab pages are a bit thicker and do not have spaces for entries . each page has space for 3 entries - so , 4 pages = 24 entries per tab . each tab covers two letters ( ab ; cd ; etc . ) . one note of caution ( ? ) - for some weird reason the book i received only has two pages for the ab tab ... all the others , 4. go figure . hope this helped .
it has large-letter thick laminated tabs , which are easy to identify , and for those with arthritis , easier than thinner stock tabs to grasp and turn to the desired page . the point is well-taken that two letters are on each tab . but , in order for a one-letter-per-tab arrangement , the individual letters and tabs would have to be half the size they now are , and would likely be much more difficult for the sight-challenged to see the smaller letters , and more difficult for those with arthritis to manipulate the tabs.the book is about 8 '' tall and 6 '' wide .
the exterior dimensions are : 0.6 x 5.8 x 8.1 inches
there are 50 pages that hold 3 entries on each side of each page . ( 50x 6 )
i would say it 's a medium weight paper . not as thin and copy paper , but not as sturdy as card stock .
it is flat and flexible . should fit nicely in a small briefcase .
not specifically , but there 's room to write at the bottom of each address space ! hope this helps .
yes
i have a mg5320 . they work wonderfully in my printer
no they do not , in fact i am not sure if you can find compatible for that printer
i do n't remember . i gave the printer and all cartridges to some one . please try `` : click inks '' they should have all details about printer inks .
they are not ; however amazon sells replacement cartridges for your printer at comparable price - see `` 5 pack compatible canon pgi-250 , cli-251 , canon 251 , canon 250 1 small black , 1 cyan , 1 magenta , 1 yellow , 1 big black for use with canon pixma ip7220 , pixma mg5420 , pixma mg5422 , pixma mg6320 , pixma mx722 , pixma mx922 . ink cartridges for inkjet printers . cli-251bk , cli-251c , cli-251m , cli-251y , pgi-250bk © blake printing supply ''
thank 's it works wonderfull , im gon na need just inks
yes you can ... .i do it all the time .
i do n't know what you mean automatically but if your question refers if it has the features of scan and fax , the answer is yes . it 's an all-in-one .
it came with a little leftover ink . you may want to get the refills as well . amazon sell it at a good price also .
very easy to use , after the phone line is connected kust push the fax button then dial the number , press start black or color depending on what you are faxing and viola . remember faxes go face up .
you have to have phone service of some kind be it voip or at &t; but youhave to have a signal to plug into the fax
no , i use my regular phone line , unplug the line from the phone and plug it into the printer and then send my fax . when the fax is done , i unplug the line from my printer and plug back into the phone .
no
yes
i think not .
this is a comb binder only , you would need to purchase a specific binder for wire . one we carry and recommend is the fellowes quasar wire .
yes ! you can easily adjust it .
i see no reason why it could n't . the sheets are inserted and punched vertically . the binding comb is placed on the fingers in front , opened by them , and then the pages are threaded on the comb . then the comb lever is lifted and the document is bound . there 's no setting for the length of the sheet , other than a stop on the left that would allow you to bind paper as long a a4 , but there 's no setting for document size other than that .
it is a two step process but this is a very good machine
fellowes plastic comb binding spines , 3 4 inch diameter , black , 150 sheets , 100 pack ( 52367 ) these are black ones .
yes . even several at once . it works great !
i just finished making 50 books and the binding was even with the length of the book but i think it depends on what type of binding you use . with the bindings i use , you can cut them if necessary .
yes it is the default setting .
hi dc . the imageclass d530 only connects to a computer via usb cable . we recommend a printer that is designed for networking such as the imageclass mf227dw .
no , it is not wireless . you have to buy a usb cable seprately because it is not included with the printer .
i purchased linkyo compatible canon 128 ( 35000b001 ) toner cartridge - black 2100 yield through amazon . $ 25.99 . it works fine . be careful some compatible toners are really not compatible as advertised .
yes , but it 's smaller quantity than a replacement cartridge
the drivers can be found here : http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction black_white_laser_multifunction imageclass_d530 # driversandsoftwareafter installing the print driver , the printer works immediately and easily.scanning is problematic . after installing the scanner driver , the only way i have found to make it work so far is:1. open mf toolbox ( the scanning software ) 2. hit the copy scan button on the printer3 . select `` remote scanner '' on the printer4 . click on the scan button in mf toolbox.this is a clunky solution , but canon is n't known for writing user-friendly software , especially for mac users . the drivers can be found here : http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction black_white_laser_multifunction imageclass_d530 # driversandsoftwareafter installing the print driver , the printer works immediately and easily.scanning is problematic . after installing the scanner driver , the only way i have found to make it work so far is:1. open mf toolbox ( the scanning software ) 2. hit the copy scan button on the printer3 . select `` remote scanner '' on the printer4 . click on the scan button in mf ... » read more the drivers can be found here : http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction black_white_laser_multifunction imageclass_d530 # driversandsoftwareafter installing the print driver , the printer works immediately and easily.scanning is problematic . after installing the scanner driver , the only way i have found to make it work so far is:1. open mf toolbox ( the scanning software ) 2. hit the copy scan button on the printer3 . select `` remote scanner '' on the printer4 . click on the scan button in mf toolbox.this is a clunky solution , but canon is n't known for writing user-friendly software , especially for mac users . « show less
yes it 's monochrome . prints black and white only but scanner does scan in color .
hi keith ! the usb cable required for this printer ( as is with most ) is a standard a to b type . if you look just below the main listing for the imageclass d530 , you 'll see one in the `` frequently bought together '' section .
yes this printer will work with window 8. i found you will need to download and install the driver for this printer from microsoft web site . the driver name is ufrii lt
mine lasted 6 months ( it depends how much you print ) . keep printing even when the display tells you you need to replace the cartridge . you will know when to replace by the page appearance .
according to the canon support page http : www.usa.canon.com cusa support consumer printers_multifunction imageclass_series imageclass_mf4880dw # specificationsyes . the platen will take up to letter size and the adf will take from 5.8 '' x 4.1 '' up to legal sizecm
yes it works wonderfully with a mac thats how i have it set up and no issues
i do n't know exactly but toners lasts a long time . aftermarket toners are cheap and work fine from amazon . i 've used the 104 toners for years and recently updated to this printer . all good , no problems .
yes it does
yes this multi-function device is completely wireless . mine sits about 25 ft. away from my router , and it is not connected to any wire except for the power cord . works great .
no , it does n't have scanner functionality .
hi ! not sure if it will work on mac computer as i coupled it with windows 8. it works fine but theres no scanning mode . only fax , copy and print .
yes , it comes with a manual . one important thing when you fax or copy , the originals go in face up . it has a compact footprint . good scanning mechanism . perhaps a bit slower than the s170 . pretty quiet . nice quality output . speed dials . you can use it as a printer also with usb . for the price it is a good bargain . not as good their high end machines that will cost $ 1000 or more . certainly functional for an office . i 've had it for about 6 months and it is working well .
i use this fax maching for my business . we probably fax about 30 pages at a time without any problem . and yes you can use a phone line .
machine detects whether the call is a fax or voice call after 2 rings . if a fax , call is received . if a voice call , handset continues ringing until answered or caller hangs up . this is from page 61 of operation guide . hope it answers the question .
search eps toner on amazon . they have a good reliable inexpensive product ...
canon tech support sent the following to me : thank you for contacting canon product support about the compatible operating system for the imageclass mf4770n.yes , the mf4770n is compatible with mac os x version 10.6 ( snow leopard ) . in fact the mf4770n is compatible with the following operating systems : macintosh os x version 10.5macintosh os x version 10.6macintosh os x version 10.7macintosh os x version 10.8windows xpwindows vista 32-bitwindows vista 64-bitwindows 7 32-bitwindows 7 64-bitwindows 8 32-bitwindows 8 64-bitwindows server 2003windows server 2008windows server 2008 r2please note that the mac drivers for the mf4770n are not on the original installation cd but they are available for download on our web site.i hope i have answered your question . please let us know if we can assist you further.thank you for choosing canon . all i did was to send an email to canon and ask . canon tech support sent the following to me : thank you for contacting canon product support about the compatible operating system for the imageclass mf4770n.yes , the mf4770n is compatible with mac os x version 10.6 ( snow leopard ) . in fact the mf4770n is compatible with the following operating systems : macintosh os x version 10.5macintosh os x version 10.6macintosh os x version 10.7macintosh os x version 10.8windows xpwindows vista 32-bitwindows vista 64-bitwindows 7 32-bitwindows 7 64-bitwindows 8 32-bitwindows 8 ... » read more canon tech support sent the following to me : thank you for contacting canon product support about the compatible operating system for the imageclass mf4770n.yes , the mf4770n is compatible with mac os x version 10.6 ( snow leopard ) . in fact the mf4770n is compatible with the following operating systems : macintosh os x version 10.5macintosh os x version 10.6macintosh os x version 10.7macintosh os x version 10.8windows xpwindows vista 32-bitwindows vista 64-bitwindows 7 32-bitwindows 7 64-bitwindows 8 32-bitwindows 8 64-bitwindows server 2003windows server 2008windows server 2008 r2please note that the mac drivers for the mf4770n are not on the original installation cd but they are available for download on our web site.i hope i have answered your question . please let us know if we can assist you further.thank you for choosing canon . all i did was to send an email to canon and ask . « show less
i have actually copied a number of large textbook-style books . the cover does n't ride up , like many scanners , but i have found that it works well even with the copier cover up when i press down on the book . the glass is designed for 8.5 x 14 inch paper ( in the us that 's called `` legal '' size ) , but for a really large page , it 's possible to copy it in sections ; the copier is designed with almost no protrusions to get in the way once the cover is up . two side paper ( i think you mean text on both sides of the paper ) -- i do n't know of any equipment that will actually turn the pages for you . it 's a college skill : learn it . i have actually copied a number of large textbook-style books . the cover does n't ride up , like many scanners , but i have found that it works well even with the copier cover up when i press down on the book . the glass is designed for 8.5 x 14 inch paper ( in the us that 's called `` legal '' size ) , but for a really large page , it 's possible to copy it in sections ; the copier is designed with almost no protrusions to get in the way once the cover is up . two side paper ( i think you mean text on both sides of the paper ) -- i do n't know of any equipment that will actually turn the pages for ... » read more i have actually copied a number of large textbook-style books . the cover does n't ride up , like many scanners , but i have found that it works well even with the copier cover up when i press down on the book . the glass is designed for 8.5 x 14 inch paper ( in the us that 's called `` legal '' size ) , but for a really large page , it 's possible to copy it in sections ; the copier is designed with almost no protrusions to get in the way once the cover is up . two side paper ( i think you mean text on both sides of the paper ) -- i do n't know of any equipment that will actually turn the pages for you . it 's a college skill : learn it . « show less
yes , just be sure your os supports it . we have a mac laptop and 2 ipads working well with it . connect it to your wifi router for ipads .
not automatically , no duplex..i suppose you could use the feeder and then flip the paper over , but that goes for any printer
a usb 2.0 typea male to typeb male cable to hook directly to your computer . mediabridge usb 2.0 - a male to b male cable ( 16 feet ) - high-speed with gold-plated connectors - black - ( part # 30-001-16b ) if you want to hook to your network ( router ) , an ethernet patch cable.amazonbasics rj45 cat5e ethernet patch cable ( 14 feet 4.2 meters ) i just showed examples-there are many different lengths and colors available.this printer does not support wireless printing , so if you want to install it onto your network , you will need an ethernet patch cable to connect the printer to an open port on your router . a usb 2.0 typea male to typeb male cable to hook directly to your computer . mediabridge usb 2.0 - a male to b male cable ( 16 feet ) - high-speed with gold-plated connectors - black - ( part # 30-001-16b ) if you want to hook to your network ( router ) , an ethernet patch cable.amazonbasics rj45 cat5e ethernet patch cable ( 14 feet 4.2 meters ) i just showed examples-there are many different lengths and colors available.this ... » read more a usb 2.0 typea male to typeb male cable to hook directly to your computer . mediabridge usb 2.0 - a male to b male cable ( 16 feet ) - high-speed with gold-plated connectors - black - ( part # 30-001-16b ) if you want to hook to your network ( router ) , an ethernet patch cable.amazonbasics rj45 cat5e ethernet patch cable ( 14 feet 4.2 meters ) i just showed examples-there are many different lengths and colors available.this printer does not support wireless printing , so if you want to install it onto your network , you will need an ethernet patch cable to connect the printer to an open port on your router . « show less
no , the mf4770n does not print on both sides . the canon mf4890dw & mf4880dw do print on both sides .
yes you can just lift the lid and put a original inside and copy .
sorry i dont , it was a gift for a client so i dont have it .
https : www.youtube.com watch ? v=r4ojapexhbyhope this helps ! thanks for looking !
that 's because it comes out kinda strange . i always spill it . it 's big but does n't hold alot and it slides out from the front . do n't be afraid to pull on it . you 'll find it .
yes , it will sharpen the thick beginner pencils used in kindergarten .
my son and i have never had this problem . could be a piece stuck in there ? is the hole the right size for the pencil ?
it is 110 volt .
i guess would be yes , but i do n't think it is a good idea .
regular colored pencils , yes . larger or triangular shaped pencils , no . it only sharpens standard pencils and colored pencils but it is the best pencil sharpener i have ever used and i am a teacher and have purchased many pencil sharpeners .
i have used these pens for years , but i have never deliberately left them in a vehicle for an extended period of time , maybe the occasional weekend here or there , but i do n't think it should be a problem , they do n't seem to be too sensitive to heat or cold . i recommend them , i regularly use them to write on wet or frosty items , when a sharpie ca n't . i think would put your pen ( s ) in a small zipper bag just to be safe until you see hav they react in your climate this summer . good idea keeping one with your cert gear , i should probably thow one in with mine too .
yes but in my opinion much better no mess and cheaper in the long run
although i 'm tempted to give it a try , i 've never used it on hide . it acts more like a soft wax , really , than grease . i 'd be surprised if all the pigment would come out , it takes quite a bit of scrubbing to remove marks from a porous surface .
no idea
no
i have the same printer and these work fine .
i was unable to get mine refilled , too . i was able to use the aftermarket new ones , though , which are a lot cheaper . unfortunately , their shelf life is almost gone by the time you use them , and after a few weeks they go bad . inkjet printer ink has a very short shelf life , less than a year . if you do not do a lot of printing , like me , then it 's better to do your all your printing in a commercial printer . it 's not worthy to have to keep buying ink every two months .
that is what i use it for and it works great !
i do n't think it 's natural wood , but pressed wood , and the bottom is not stained , but the top has a shiny coating of some sort on it . i love it just the way it is , but if you wish to stain it a different color , then you can just sand the top - that should work .
it is the bare board on the underside .
it does not . it is flat . i bought two of them after reading that they are a bit flimsy . they each come with two big rubber bands , and i use them to hold the two of them together . it makes a very sturdy table . i do n't find two of them to be too heavy to lift comfortably . ( i am 76 ) i am very pleased with this lap desk .
i think it will be . just keep in mind that the arms on the recliner should be higher then your legs when you sit down . if they are not , the lap desk will sit on your lap not on the arm of the recliner .
no
i have used both a keyboard and a mouse on this desk before , and it seems to work fine .
hi , sorry , but i do n't know . perhaps if you contact the seller with the distance between the two arms and length ( how far forward from the back the arms extend ) on the wheelchair he or she could tell you . sorry i could n't be more help .
it 's 31 '' long and 12 3 4 '' wide . i have it next to my recliner and use it everyday .
yes they are compatible with my epson pc
i am no expert in this so i can not give you the true answer . when printing on plain paper , it spreads out . when printing on photo paper , it stays in place but you must not let one printed page rest on another until it is completely dry ... hours later . i never had these problems with epson ink .
yes it does
i did not track , but it would be fair to say a couple hundred . it is not a high capacity cartridge that comes with it . i found a refurbished ink place on amazon called mpc direct who is extremely reasonable and seems to work great ! the black ran out and i 'm still using the 3 color cartridges that csme with the printer at time of purchase . i love the printer ! it works great and does everything it claims .
you can set it to print in 'draft ' mode all the time- do n't see anything called economy mode though , you could scan a book or something thick , but it would require leaving the top part open which is fine but any area not covered on the scanning bed would scan as black
hi diane , yes , to all of the above ... and a whole lot more ! i too have a home office and this printer has been a godsend for me . i used to buy hps but will now never go back after using this one , i love it . i am not a spokesperson for the company ... just a happy , contented consumer ! hope i 've helped you out . have a great evening ! kind regards , pamela
my printer has two trays and they will hold legal ( 14 '' ) paper . have had very good experience with this printer .
ink economy is much enhanced far more than doubled : pro lab testers say : dont turn off ! allow to sleep ! 3540 will auto wet clean jets w minimal ink every so often . cycling thru on off forces full clean high ink `` spitoon '' dump , delays 1st print , wastes ink unnecessarily ! keep close to or fully in draft ! huge ink savings with little or no gain in guality . use frequently -- -even single color+print to refresh jets -- especially or more often in over heated low humidity rooms ! dry rooms clog wreck jets & waste ink in cleanings . ( cover w loose fitting vinyl cover w glass of clean distilled water evaporating beneath in dry low humidity rooms ! save big $ on ink -- esp . if poor -- on highly reviewed rated remanufactured catriidges . ( eg : blake printing on amazon has hundreds of reviews avg 4-5 stars ! and costs less than a third of epson , with one year money back guarrantee ! i do not work for nor am i associated with them ! ) . oh ! the wf-3540 includes full size ink carts in box -- -not `` starter '' cartridges ! says cnet : http : www.cnet.com products epson-workforce-wf-3540 2 . yayyy ! ink economy is much enhanced far more than doubled : pro lab testers say : dont turn off ! allow to sleep ! 3540 will auto wet clean jets w minimal ink every so often . cycling thru on off forces full clean high ink `` spitoon '' dump , delays 1st print , wastes ink unnecessarily ! keep close to or fully in draft ! huge ink savings with little or no gain in guality . use frequently -- -even single color+print to refresh jets -- especially or more often in over heated low humidity rooms ! dry rooms clog wreck jets & waste ink in cleanings . ( cover w loose fitting vinyl cover w glass of ... » read more ink economy is much enhanced far more than doubled : pro lab testers say : dont turn off ! allow to sleep ! 3540 will auto wet clean jets w minimal ink every so often . cycling thru on off forces full clean high ink `` spitoon '' dump , delays 1st print , wastes ink unnecessarily ! keep close to or fully in draft ! huge ink savings with little or no gain in guality . use frequently -- -even single color+print to refresh jets -- especially or more often in over heated low humidity rooms ! dry rooms clog wreck jets & waste ink in cleanings . ( cover w loose fitting vinyl cover w glass of clean distilled water evaporating beneath in dry low humidity rooms ! save big $ on ink -- esp . if poor -- on highly reviewed rated remanufactured catriidges . ( eg : blake printing on amazon has hundreds of reviews avg 4-5 stars ! and costs less than a third of epson , with one year money back guarrantee ! i do not work for nor am i associated with them ! ) . oh ! the wf-3540 includes full size ink carts in box -- -not `` starter '' cartridges ! says cnet : http : www.cnet.com products epson-workforce-wf-3540 2 . yayyy ! « show less
i hate to say this but it depends on what you 're printing and what your ink cartridges cost . plain documents with no graphics - i would estimate about $ .03 to $ .05 per page . i do a lot mixed printing for a local nonprofit - graphic heavy flyers , membership letters , labels , envelopes , etc. , and i am very pleased with the cost per page versus my old hp laserjet . you can also adjust the ink saturation levels easily . hope this helps .
this printer does not use color cartridges to print b & w -- ; at least not by default . if you are low or out of b &w; ink the printer will ask you if you want to use the color cartridges to create black . this was a major selling point for me because i used to hate how hp printers required color to print b & w . ;
yes all i know is my son has a mac book pro and he uses my printer .
the software has 3 levels of interface - from fully auto to complete user control . i only use it in the `` professional '' mode - providing maximum flexibility . the quality and speed are excellent . has a great pdf converter built in . would not be suitable for negatives or slides as it only does reflective scanning
hi shane - absolutely you can use the scanner from your ipad ! you will need to download the epson iprint app . when you open the app you will find menus that will let you print and manipulate photos , saved documents , things you 've stored in your cloud ( evernote , google drive , dropbox or box ) , print web pages ( you can also do this directly from the ipad via airprint ) , scan and even buy ink.to scan with your ipad ( i had fun doing this a couple of days ago ) put the item that you want to scan onto the scan bed , then press the scan button in the bottom right corner of the app page . your scan will appear in the window . from there you can print it , save it or even email it if you would like.have fun and do n't hesitate to drop me a line if i can provide any further information . hi shane - absolutely you can use the scanner from your ipad ! you will need to download the epson iprint app . when you open the app you will find menus that will let you print and manipulate photos , saved documents , things you 've stored in your cloud ( evernote , google drive , dropbox or box ) , print web pages ( you can also do this directly from the ipad via airprint ) , scan and even buy ink.to scan with your ipad ( i had fun doing this a couple of days ago ) put the item that you want to scan onto the scan bed , then press the scan button in the bottom right corner of the app page ... . » read more hi shane - absolutely you can use the scanner from your ipad ! you will need to download the epson iprint app . when you open the app you will find menus that will let you print and manipulate photos , saved documents , things you 've stored in your cloud ( evernote , google drive , dropbox or box ) , print web pages ( you can also do this directly from the ipad via airprint ) , scan and even buy ink.to scan with your ipad ( i had fun doing this a couple of days ago ) put the item that you want to scan onto the scan bed , then press the scan button in the bottom right corner of the app page . your scan will appear in the window . from there you can print it , save it or even email it if you would like.have fun and do n't hesitate to drop me a line if i can provide any further information . « show less
i 've only had to contact them once for a faulty ink cartridge and they promptly replaced it for me .
i 've noticed much better results when printing photographs using epson photograph paper rather than some other brand , probably because the epson ink is specifically formulated to be used with that specific paper . do also remember that a copy is really also a photograph . you may need to scan the piece you want to copy and then manipulate the color registration in a program like photoshop before printing it to get the best results . if photoshop is beyond your budget , i 've also had excellent results with corel 's paintshop pro .
yes , i just removed my photo tray to test it , and it works fine ...
yes .
is `` plun '' something like plug and use ? i am not very tech saavy , but the instructions let me know that i did not need to install the software on cd in order to print from my iphone and macbook air . that part works like a charm . i put the cd in a drawer just in case someone needs it -- which is unlikely . ( the ink cartridges so far seem to have problems . i do n't print often sometimes a few times in a day , other times only once in a week . ) and the black cartridges seem to dry out .
hello - no , you ca n't print directly from photoshop . i just tried . it does n't allow me to select the cd dvd tray in the `` source '' option and the cd dvd options are grayed out in the `` media type '' area . so , you would have to export the image , open it in the print cd application , and print from there . sorry !
it has no port to directly plug in a cf card ( which i use myself on other printers that accept it ) . however , i think you can use the usb port to plug in a card reader which has a cf card slot available . i have a card reader myself which i intend use myself when i get around to it . i believe the printer manual said to use a powered card reader . my reader is not powered but will try it anyhow and go from there .
i just checked . it appears to . i can not reccommend this product because of ink usage and reliability issues . if you are n't worried about these issues then it is a nice feature .
yes , too much , but there are adjustments to print color and density that can be made when you want to print . if you already own the printer , check the online user manual .
how thick of a cardstock ? i think with this printer it would ( i have n't tried it but i did use a thicker photo paper which worked fine ) . because the paper is stored in the bottom paper holder , unlike older printers where paper was top loaded and prone to mistakes . but i would think it would work for the 600 .
it loads from the front and then it comes out front on the next tray up .
i would expect you can if each computer has been linked with the printer via the router through wireless mode . if trying to hard-wire connect three different computers you need some type `` splitter '' box with connections to each computer and then to the computer.me , i have two different printers ( epson wireless connected , and second older epson haywire
this printer uses the cmyk color model ( http : en.wikipedia.org wiki cmyk_color_model ) which has been used for years in commercial publishing . you 'll see a discussion of the *type* of ink used in some of the reviews , which helps to explain the truly remarkable color printing by this printer , though . and there are actually 5 cartridges in this printer : one for `` regular '' black for `` regular '' printing , and then the cmyk for color printing , including a `` photo black . ''
i 'm sorry , i ca n't answer that , i 've bought the translator for old people and the use just simple functions .
you do not have to select a phrase in memory.it will try to translate your words and phrases.if the word or pharse that not very commonly used , it may get confused .
i do n't have this translator with me ( it was a gift for my mother-in-law ) , but as far as i remember : size is approximately between 4 and 5 inches by about 3 inches ( when folded ) , can translate without talking .
yes , just plug it in through adapter .
what i think you 're asking is ; will acitvely listen to t.v . and translate for you . if i 'm correct , then no . that would be a very expensive aparatus . try checking for `` second audio '' transmission on you cable line or check for `` subtitles '' on you cable line . the t-11 is a pocket translator with audio pronunciation . it 's an excellent reference , dictionary , phrase book , and pronuncication source for travel . i hope this helps : o )
yes . the keyboard is in roman and cyrillic letters . this translator is used primarily by my co-mother-in-law ( mother of my son 's russian wife ) . she does not know the english language or alphabet . it is her chief means of communication when her daughter is not available to translate . it makes far fewer errors than the laptop and can fit in a pocket . we have found it very useful for basic communication .
no
i like it . it works so god
yes .
via the built in keyboard , english to french , french to english . there is audio and or text translationsto choose from . au revoir et bonne chance !
hi . yes , i think it types exactly what i put in . but the buttons are probably a little small for a male user . i have not heard about this product before i bought it either . i find it very easy to use by far ( esp . pronunciation and translation ) , and it helps a lot with my german course .
yes , two aaa .
3 1 2 x 5 1 2 x 1 2
no
plastic bags can be used to collect the shreds .
its relative , but i was surprised at how small it was . in fact , it worried me when i took it out of the box . but it works well for our purposes , which do n't require heavy use . good machine for the price .
the strips that my shredder makes are vertical and just under 3 16 '' wide by 1 ¾ '' to 2 '' long . note that the instruction booklet states the strips are 5 32 '' by 2 '' long . for the type of home documents i need shredded , these strips are good enough .
we have never had it shut off even with over 15 min straight shredding time .
16 '' high , 9 '' wide , 15 1 4 '' deep
no wheels !
i have a similar unit to this one - mine is ps-79ci - it has a pull out drawer and mine is located on the front of the unit under the `` fellows '' logo . i am thinking this unit which appears very similar would work the same way .
yes it has an indicator light on the front but it has never turned on and i 've shredded for at least 15 minutes before . this is the 3rd shredder i 've owned and is by far the best ! every time the shredder stops it lights up and tells you why . whether its because it 's too full ( which is mostly the case for me ) or you finger touches the chrome safety sensor to make sure you do n't hurt yourself . i use it everyday and i have not one complaint . hope this helps !
great unit . casters fit tight , but will not fall out . love it
i have not had any problems with the shredder , it works great . i have not applied any oil so i can not answer that question . it has a large basket and holds lots of shredding which is nice ... ..not having to empty the basket all the time . good buy as far as i am concerned .
basket is 16-in deep x 9-in x 14-in . it 's huge . and it 's very easy to remove and empty . a brilliant design .
the oiling sheets i 've tried are slightly narrower than the shredder opening , so i always wonder if the oil gets all the way to the edges . they 're certainly more convenient , though .
1 year product warranty and 5 year cutter warranty
short answer : no , i do n't use a bag while machine is in operation . explanation : when i first started using this machine i tried using bags and it just did n't work . the container for the shredded paper is n't designed for it . luckily it is n't a problem . you just pull it out and dump the shredded paper into any standard paper shredder bag . i just buy whatever they have at office depot . you will have some shredded paper fall out on the floor , just vacuum or whisk broom it up . not a big mess .
this one is louder
yes , i mounted mine in my kitchen . very easy to put up .
just the base needs to be plugged into a phone jack . but both the base and the handsets must be plugged into an electrical outlet to keep the batteries charged .
they have the speakerphone option on the handsets and the base unit
there is no battery in the main unit and on page 12 of the operating instructions it states ' the unit will not work during a power failure ' . other than that it 's a great phone sustem .
rubber
yes , just like a traditional phone . it really works . the only thing missing is a way to tie it into all the other phones in the house .
no provision for wireless headset
it will work if the sim card is a gsm sim card . it only work on gsm sim card .
it is not associated with any specific carrier , so it should work with any sim card . i had to get an adapter kit for my card , because the size of the slot is larger than our common u.s. micro-sims . the adapter kit is less than $ 5 shipped . it has battery power , but the power cord that comes with it is a standard u.s. 110v , so it depends on where you 're getting your power and what kind of carrier is a ailable if it 'll work in iraq . there is no wifi feature , and there is a speed dial phone book feature .
yes
you can use a prepaid plan on it . it does not have wifi capability .
yes
turn the printer off for a minute then turn back on to reset , this happens with my 7520 e all in one too . this should work .
i was able to do this however , the method for setting this up is somewhat dependent on your computer operating system . i have windows 7 and i was able to open what 's called an hp printer assistant application . from there , i selected `` set preferences '' . from there , select the `` layout '' tab and the `` advanced '' option . once in this advanced settings , there is a line for `` print in grayscale '' that has an option for `` black ink only '' . alternatively , everytime you go to print , there should be an advanced option for doing the same thing .
hi , i do n't know if it 's the same one but if the pictures do n't match then i would think its different on another not , i would *not* recommend buying the 7520. it continually drops off the network or crashes in some other way . i am not happy with it . best regards , rick
paper in the document feeder goes face up .
i do n't have a number but the paper tray will accomodate a stack of paper approximately 5 8 of an inch high .
no , it does n't pr black regardless of settings
i bought one of these printers a couple of years ago and had problems from the beginning - constant jams , all kinds of sounds , etc . finally threw it out and bought a epson workforce which has operated perfectly for two years .
i have ordered 2 , both of them were unlocked
the merchant service company you process through should be able to program that remotely . call their customer services technical department . hope this helps . : - )
yes- my processing co. said it did .
this is not a wireless unit . as long as your processor builds your file for phone line you can use it , for it is phone line capable .
according to the good folks at applepayequipment.com this exact model number , m252-653-a3-naa3 , does support applepay .
yes , it is certified emv . you insert the card in the front of the machine . you can see the slot on the picture . it processes very fast .
mine came with 85
not wireless . not aware of spanish . not sale oversea at this time .
i ca n't comment on total ink consumption as i have n't had the printer long enough but i can tell you that chroma optimizer and light gray are used much much quicker than the other inks . whereas the other cartridges are showing full , these other two are showing half empty .
the pro-10 will turn itself off after a certain amount of time .
yes it can do that . but , if the majority of your printing is text this is not the printer for you .
at least 10 inches .
i have n't had that problem , but you need to check something . there is a check box in printer settings that asks if you want to let the printer process the print for you ( not in those words , but you 'll find it ) . it is checked by default , but you may have turned it off . turn it back on and see if that helps . every print i have made is exactly as i intended , but that may be your answer . if it is n't , email canon 's tech support . they are second to none , and you will get your answer . hope that helps ! i would n't get rid of my pro 10 unless you shot me and took it ! the black and white images are simply amazing . i have n't had that problem , but you need to check something . there is a check box in printer settings that asks if you want to let the printer process the print for you ( not in those words , but you 'll find it ) . it is checked by default , but you may have turned it off . turn it back on and see if that helps . every print i have made is exactly as i intended , but that may be your answer . if it is n't , email canon 's tech support . they are second to none , and you will get your answer . hope that helps ! i would n't get rid of my pro 10 unless you shot me and took it ! the black and white images are ... » read more i have n't had that problem , but you need to check something . there is a check box in printer settings that asks if you want to let the printer process the print for you ( not in those words , but you 'll find it ) . it is checked by default , but you may have turned it off . turn it back on and see if that helps . every print i have made is exactly as i intended , but that may be your answer . if it is n't , email canon 's tech support . they are second to none , and you will get your answer . hope that helps ! i would n't get rid of my pro 10 unless you shot me and took it ! the black and white images are simply amazing . « show less
this should help . http : spyder.datacolor.com display-calibration
red is magenta plus yellow .
yes it prints docs . if you are doing high volume docs you might want to invest in a laser printer but this will print anything . i love this printer .
the 100 is dye ink . i display a lot of prints and as yet i have n't noticed any fading . in talking to a friend that works in a photo shop where they use pigment ink the , pigment works fine if you do n't let it set . you almost have to print everyday to keep everything flowing properly.i have had the 100 for almost 6 mo . and have printed over 100 11x17 prints with no problems at all .
yes , a full set of ink cartridges is included . you will probably find that the ink cartridges get used up at different rates , so do n't buy an extra set until you see what colors your pictures are using up .
yes it can , i use windows 8.1 with it
i printed on 20 mil canvas paper and it did just fine .
this printer can handle just about anything . the best thing to do is create a profile for the programs that you want to print from , calibrate the monitor that you are using and then you should be fine . it will take a few test prints to figure out exactly how you want your prints to look like . once your profile is set you will be completely satisfied with your prints . keep in mind that it is also recommended to redo the profile and calibration of your monitor after a few months of hard use , this will ensure that your prints are exactly how you want them . this printer has been the best investment that i have made . i use adobe indesign and photoshop with my printer and this printer has produced some of the best prints that i have ever produced . you will not be disappointed with this printer . this printer can handle just about anything . the best thing to do is create a profile for the programs that you want to print from , calibrate the monitor that you are using and then you should be fine . it will take a few test prints to figure out exactly how you want your prints to look like . once your profile is set you will be completely satisfied with your prints . keep in mind that it is also recommended to redo the profile and calibration of your monitor after a few months of hard use , this will ensure that your prints are exactly how you want them . this printer has been the best ... » read more this printer can handle just about anything . the best thing to do is create a profile for the programs that you want to print from , calibrate the monitor that you are using and then you should be fine . it will take a few test prints to figure out exactly how you want your prints to look like . once your profile is set you will be completely satisfied with your prints . keep in mind that it is also recommended to redo the profile and calibration of your monitor after a few months of hard use , this will ensure that your prints are exactly how you want them . this printer has been the best investment that i have made . i use adobe indesign and photoshop with my printer and this printer has produced some of the best prints that i have ever produced . you will not be disappointed with this printer . « show less
marvelously . if you let photoshop handle the colors , get true blacks . if you let the printer handle the colors , there will be a slight blue tint ( which you can correct using the printer 's color intensity manual adjustment bars . i do strongly suggest using an 8 x 10 sheet to make a 4 x 5 test print before printing on 13 x 19 paper .
i set up the scanner to scan to a folder on my network ( mac ) so this seems possible .
multiple pages scan in as one pdf document . then you can separate them out into multiple pdf documents however you wish . the software to do that is included .
very , very well . the largest document i have scanned is approximately 20 pages . the scanner scans doublesided through the adf which is a huge win for me as most of my work is double sided . this scanner is a workhorse and i am very pleased with it for the price .
yes it does but you have to : install the software from the dvd or go to : http : support.brother.com g b downloadtop.aspx ? c=us〈=en∏=ads2500w_usbest regards
if you create a pdf image you can save it with any name .
no
it works on both . i have it connected to one using windows 7 professional now . i had it on a desktop using windows 8. it is a very nice and fast scanner .
so far , over a year . most print is black and have changed that one , but color ones have been in over a year and still perform when needed .
yes , it includes all 3 colors - cyan magenta yellow
the 103 is for like 600 sheets and the 101 yields about 300 .
if you mean mfc-j470dw , the answer is yes .
the package for these units are well sealed . they are marked that they should be used within 6 months after the package is opened.there is no indication that this life span in in anyway connected with the computer chip . i suspect that the warning may have more to dowith the action of air on the ink . i have had no problem with age of these units and i have exceeded the 6 month time on my installed itemsso far i have had no problem with the brother inks not working because of age .
no , that is over exaggerated . i 'd say when all cartridges are equal , it 's more like 300 or so .
if you 're asking if the ink dries out before you use it up ... i do n't use the ink saver mode & i do n't print nearly as much as you do and i 've never had the ink dry up . i do n't change the ink when it says i 'm running low - i wait until it tells me i 'm out of that color . i only replace the color ink that has run completely out .
yes it is ... ..
your printer comes with ink , which is considered a starter pack that hold a lesser amount of ink than the slandered cartridges . ( typical for all printer manufactures ) when i ordered my printer i also ordered both black and try colored cartridges for i knew that the printer came with starter cartridges . on your led display ( if idle ) press ok on your printer and your ink status will appear . this will show you your ink levels individually and it will also show you when a certain cartridge is low by indicating low . if you are a prime member this is the time to re order and you will receive the replacement in two business days . there is also a ink status monitor setting that will appear during set up that will put an icon in the lower right hand corner on your pc 's monitor that you can click onto view your ink status and will automatically inform you when a certain cartridge is getting low . you only need to replace the one that is low . do not use cheap refilled cartridges , they are prone to leakage and can cause permanent damage . i hope this helps ... 0 your printer comes with ink , which is considered a starter pack that hold a lesser amount of ink than the slandered cartridges . ( typical for all printer manufactures ) when i ordered my printer i also ordered both black and try colored cartridges for i knew that the printer came with starter cartridges . on your led display ( if idle ) press ok on your printer and your ink status will appear . this will show you your ink levels individually and it will also show you when a certain cartridge is low by indicating low . if you are a prime member this is the time to re order and you will receive the ... » read more your printer comes with ink , which is considered a starter pack that hold a lesser amount of ink than the slandered cartridges . ( typical for all printer manufactures ) when i ordered my printer i also ordered both black and try colored cartridges for i knew that the printer came with starter cartridges . on your led display ( if idle ) press ok on your printer and your ink status will appear . this will show you your ink levels individually and it will also show you when a certain cartridge is low by indicating low . if you are a prime member this is the time to re order and you will receive the replacement in two business days . there is also a ink status monitor setting that will appear during set up that will put an icon in the lower right hand corner on your pc 's monitor that you can click onto view your ink status and will automatically inform you when a certain cartridge is getting low . you only need to replace the one that is low . do not use cheap refilled cartridges , they are prone to leakage and can cause permanent damage . i hope this helps ... 0 « show less
yes , based on my internet search on your brother model .
my brother printer is brand new , i would n't even dare to refill it now and possibly lose my warranty in the process . i buy only new cartridges .
not to my knowledge . you 'd have to check with the stores in your area . staples has never mentioned it to me and costco does n't carry this brand .
yes
june 2015
yes
it will work for a while but eventually you get a message that it is unable to print the quality necessary and you have to change whatever cartridge is out . i have pushed the cancel x on the printer screen & re sent the print job several times to get the most out of my cartridges .
i expect the printer number is actually mfc-j4710dw . while i do not own that model a quick check on the brother printer spec sheet shows that the lc103 series is what it calls for so the lc103y should work . you can see the spec sheet at ... ... http : www.brother-usa.com multifunction modeldetail 4 mfcj4710dw spec
i was wrong about the 107bk at the time as there was insufficient online information at the time i ordered this cartridge at the time i ordered my printer . my apologies for misleading you . i wrote my review and later found out it did not work . expensive lesson i 'm afraid . the high yield black ink cartridge that works is the lc109 bk .
according to brother , this refill is meant for models mfc-j4310dw , mfc-j4410dw , mfc-j4510dw , mfc-j4610dw , mfc-j4710dw .
no . i have a mfcj450dw . the lc107 does not fit - i found out the hard way . anyone want an opened but unused lc107 cartridge ?
i ca n't answer for sure , but i have had some for at least a year that i have used without any problems . they are very well sealed and i do sort of shake them before using just in case the ink has settled .
i believe it 's brand new , or else appears so . worked great for me .
yes , you have to take the orange contraption off , if i understand you correctly .
yes the cartridge can be refilled at a local printer shop .
only with the document feeder .
yes , but i bought an additional one as well . i use the printer daily , so i was being cautious . i love the printer , btw .
dear n.antonio : the led sign from goledgo , remote controll range max:10meters ( 60degree , within 10meters ) , and 120 degree ( within 5meters ) for reference .
this sign uses an ac adapter that converts 120ac to 9v dc . there is a dc jack on the end of the sign that the adapter cable plugs into . i use a 400 watt inverter to run the sign and it works fine . hope this answers your question .
no you have to type in what you want . 99 sepeae choices and lots of nice fonts . only downside . har to program but if you have any computer or it ability . it ' seasy.if not ... internet
yes , but has to be without tint .
depends on the size of the characters but it ranges about 7 to 12 characters .
great machine if you can figure out how to program it . i could n't except for some small 4 word sentences . very hard remote . over 100 keys but maybe you can figure it out . i tried so did my it person . nothing on internet about how to .
the keys have a light beep when pressed and the receipt being printed makes noise much like a calculator that prints . we use it in a small restaurant and it works well for that application
just electricity .
yes , you can still use the register . you do not need to have the receipt tape on there .
we use this for a concession stand and i have n't had a problem with it . it 's so easy to use
you have to press the 'set ' button until it says `` dp-2 ''
i do n't use the alarm . it seems a little complicated . sorry .
you unplug it and buy something else ! i had one of these and it was impossible to set , keep time , etc . it was very satisfying to end its usefil life against my garage floor ! if you have not bought it yet , do n't . if you have , sorry !
you have to hold down the v s button for more than 3 seconds . that toggles between showing the time and alternating between time date temp . its not intuitive . and not explained in the instructions . i found this answer on a different website and am posting it here , because its the 4th time i 've had to figure it out , and i waste 20 minutes trying to remember how to do it .
you have to push . and hold reset button till the numbers blink . then up or down to change them . then push set again repeat to change the rest
h = 2.5 '' l = 4 '' d = 1.7 '' all measurements in inches . u-s-a ... u-s-a ... u-s-a ! ( clock is made in china ) : (
it came with a dc adaptor ( i just plugged it in ) .
yes . it does
slides and negatives will pass ir light , but dust and scratches will clearly show up . then , the software uses that mask to `` heal '' whatever is visible in ir , mising the surrounding colors to render the dust and scratches invisible.that is why ir scanning is the way to go . it is a very powerful tool and i would n't want to scan batch of slides without it . of course , you always want to use a can of air to carefully blast most dust away , but you wo n't get it all . if you are scanning 3 or 4 slides for large reproduction , you may want to take hours and do it all by hand , but if you are scanning 10 or 100 slides , ir will do most of the work for you and produce amazing results . usually out of 10 , one or two may need a brief touchup if i 'm being very picky.always use a slide negative scanner with ice ( or equivilent ) and ir scanning . slides and negatives will pass ir light , but dust and scratches will clearly show up . then , the software uses that mask to `` heal '' whatever is visible in ir , mising the surrounding colors to render the dust and scratches invisible.that is why ir scanning is the way to go . it is a very powerful tool and i would n't want to scan batch of slides without it . of course , you always want to use a can of air to carefully blast most dust away , but you wo n't get it all . if you are scanning 3 or 4 slides for large reproduction , you may want to take hours and do it all by hand , but if you ... » read more slides and negatives will pass ir light , but dust and scratches will clearly show up . then , the software uses that mask to `` heal '' whatever is visible in ir , mising the surrounding colors to render the dust and scratches invisible.that is why ir scanning is the way to go . it is a very powerful tool and i would n't want to scan batch of slides without it . of course , you always want to use a can of air to carefully blast most dust away , but you wo n't get it all . if you are scanning 3 or 4 slides for large reproduction , you may want to take hours and do it all by hand , but if you are scanning 10 or 100 slides , ir will do most of the work for you and produce amazing results . usually out of 10 , one or two may need a brief touchup if i 'm being very picky.always use a slide negative scanner with ice ( or equivilent ) and ir scanning . « show less
the scanner comes with a snap down holder that holds a 4 image strip . the holder does not have alignment pins to position the film in the holder , but alignment is easy enough . ( white gloves are recommended . ) the holder slides into the scanner and a detent aligns the holder in the scanner . the process is manual ; i.e . you slide the holder into the first position , scan the slide and then slide the holder to the next position . if the slides are from the same batch with similar exposures , the process is pretty quick . i 'd estimate a 2400 dpi scan takes about a minute . if the dust removal feature is on , the time doubles . i 've found it hard to resist the temptation to get a better scan by fiddling with the gizmos in silverfast . that slows things down a lot and the manual mounting a advancing of the holder is n't a factor for me . hope that helps . the scanner comes with a snap down holder that holds a 4 image strip . the holder does not have alignment pins to position the film in the holder , but alignment is easy enough . ( white gloves are recommended . ) the holder slides into the scanner and a detent aligns the holder in the scanner . the process is manual ; i.e . you slide the holder into the first position , scan the slide and then slide the holder to the next position . if the slides are from the same batch with similar exposures , the process is pretty quick . i 'd estimate a 2400 dpi scan takes about a minute . if the dust removal feature ... » read more the scanner comes with a snap down holder that holds a 4 image strip . the holder does not have alignment pins to position the film in the holder , but alignment is easy enough . ( white gloves are recommended . ) the holder slides into the scanner and a detent aligns the holder in the scanner . the process is manual ; i.e . you slide the holder into the first position , scan the slide and then slide the holder to the next position . if the slides are from the same batch with similar exposures , the process is pretty quick . i 'd estimate a 2400 dpi scan takes about a minute . if the dust removal feature is on , the time doubles . i 've found it hard to resist the temptation to get a better scan by fiddling with the gizmos in silverfast . that slows things down a lot and the manual mounting a advancing of the holder is n't a factor for me . hope that helps . « show less
hi cliff , hard to say . if you scan the image at 3200 dpi and blow it up to 24 x 36 you will lose allot of resolutions . the people you should ask is plustek at ( 714 ) 670-7713. they will be open on monday after 9 am pst .
yes . comes with two carriers , one for negatives and one for slides .
yes , it works fine with a mac . i purchased one about a year ago . a bit of fiddling with adjustments and i 've been getting very good scans .
on the disc that comes with it , it says it 's supported . i am using windows 8 64-bit . if you still are not sure check out their website .
updated software was downloaded , the ínstalled and then connected the scanner .
yes . i use it on plush carpet , so i did n't want the wheels on it . i left the wheels off , and i can easily slide it around on the carpet .
the laptop desk cart raises to a height of 32 inches - a person that is no more than 72 inches tall could stand and use a laptop with relative ease . but , remember there is limited room on the desktop . i own two desk carts and use them frequently .
no .
the top is 23.5 '' wide . the base frame is 20.25 '' wide . the wheels are 18.5 '' apart center-to-center .
this table is 16 inches between the bottom legs . it fits close in my overstuffed chair . the opening of my chair is 22 inches . you either have to put your legs over the back of the roller base or on the outside of the legs . neither which is a big deal . i use this table every day all day long . for my computer and to eat on . my husband has the same table . we love it . hope this helps .
nothing , there is no lip around the edge . you can see a knob on the left side of the upright metal post . my problem was that they way it was manufactured [ cheap china product ] , that i could not screw it in so that it would keep the top in one position . the top would always slide down .
the center support will hit the bed frame , preventing rolling it under more than about 9 inches . i tried it with my sofa and it is n't far enough to type comfortably . if the support were on one end , it would work for a bed table .
24 '' l x 16 '' w ample for laptop and mouse . sturdy , too .
it can be either depending on the orientation of the base stem riser when you assemble it .
32.5 inches
see swarovski
no , knock offs seem to have that . at least with me buying them . this one has real sparkly crystals . the swans i have look like plastic crystals in comparison . these ones are beautiful .
yes
it comes with trial size ink , you will need to purchase more for day to day printing
works great with mac os , wired and wireless . one small nit : in preview , selecting paper size arch d comes up in the print dialogue box scaled at 98 % , so you have to manually set to 100 % each time you print -- at least that 's been my experience . not a big deal .
i would be very careful purchasing this printer . we are an architectural firm and can not so far get this plotter to print fills of color without leaving lines where the print head sweeps back and forth ( a fine line every inch or so ) . this was not a problem in the older version we had and has resulted in many hours of work on replacing drivers and sitting on the phone with hp . needless to say , hp 's support is pathetic and that does n't help .
yes , just load the paper on and go .
i would thing so it supports pcl5 and pcl6 . i can print directly from autocad
works great
stand allows mobility no loss of desktop space . not sure about speed difference
it does support any kind of print order , from any software
short answer : yes , its automatic . when printing from roll for example a sheet of 24x36 after the sheet comes down the printer there is a blade that slides for 24 '' across the roll and cuts the paper horizontally at the 36 '' mark . also another thing to consider is that you have to `` reload '' the roll every time you switch between `` multi-sheet tray '' and the roll . the roll stays on top you just have to feed it back to the receiver but it automatically checks for paper skew and could take a minute or so and also cuts a small piece sometimes to align the paper perfectly . could be wasteful if you constantly switch between the tray and the roll . short answer : yes , its automatic . when printing from roll for example a sheet of 24x36 after the sheet comes down the printer there is a blade that slides for 24 '' across the roll and cuts the paper horizontally at the 36 '' mark . also another thing to consider is that you have to `` reload '' the roll every time you switch between `` multi-sheet tray '' and the roll . the roll stays on top you just have to feed it back to the receiver but it automatically checks for paper skew and could take a minute or so and also cuts a small piece sometimes to align the paper ... » read more short answer : yes , its automatic . when printing from roll for example a sheet of 24x36 after the sheet comes down the printer there is a blade that slides for 24 '' across the roll and cuts the paper horizontally at the 36 '' mark . also another thing to consider is that you have to `` reload '' the roll every time you switch between `` multi-sheet tray '' and the roll . the roll stays on top you just have to feed it back to the receiver but it automatically checks for paper skew and could take a minute or so and also cuts a small piece sometimes to align the paper perfectly . could be wasteful if you constantly switch between the tray and the roll . « show less
yes it should come with the spindle .. otherwise how you gon na set up the roll paper
i did n't install since i only use for 24 '' roll
i just looked in my file cabinet through the documentation that cane with the printer . it has a limited warranty . its a good printer for drafting engineering use . i own more expensive wide format printers from hp , and i was kind of worried that this would be more of a toy . not so . it does a real good job .
not sure , i also print 99 % of my plans in black & white . so my color cartridges that came with the printer are still full .
cartridges are included
yes i switched to windows 8 recently and upgraded my plotter it works great !
i think it can , but i have never tried it , but im sure the canvass may need to be on a roll . check hp tech before u buy
normal sized clipboard , i love mine .
this one doesnt . here is the link for the one you might be looking.whitecoat clipboard - sport silverwhitecoat clipboard - sports silver medical edition
hi- it 's a standard size clipboard , like it fits 8.5 x 11inch paper . unfortunately does n't fit in a pocket but i 've been using mine for 7 years now . great for taking report and keeping track of the days tasks
it seems to be 5 by 8. i hope that helps .
mine only has note pages in the beginning and you have plenty of room to write in the separate date area
it is plastic but a good size calendar .
i believe it is 6 inches by 9 inches . i purchased my calendar as a gift , and my friend tells me that she thoroughly enjoys using it every day .
it depends on the number of cards you put into it . if you put in more than about 4 cards , it may be a tight squeeze .
i think most business cards would fit . it 's a practical item but the sleeves do rip easily , i 've found .
it 's just a book of plastic inserts - no special spot for dl
it 's just a book of plastic inserts - no special spot for dl
i think most business cards would fit . it 's a practical item but the sleeves do rip easily , i 've found .
it depends on the number of cards you put into it . if you put in more than about 4 cards , it may be a tight squeeze .
approximately 17 ''
it is 18 inches front to back and 20 inches side to side . after looking at the other answers , i would say i only measured the top and not down the sides . all the answers seem in the same ballpark , so i guess it 's ok. it is a very nice , comfortable chair . i like it very much .
i weigh close to 200 lbs and find the chair very sturdy and the cushioning is firm .
hi vicki , i broke my back as a kid in brazil and still have back problems if i strain or do n't have proper support . i make jewelry and do other bench work with no back fatigue . bought two of the chairs , one for myself and one for my wife , who sews .
yes , it is .
it is 29.75 inches wide . looks decent , some parts came damaged but their customer service is excellent and gladly replaced whatever parts i needed no problem and even gave me a coupon for another of their products . the only thing is that it 's a pain to put the doors on and you have to really manipulate the hinges to get the doors to come close to lining up . good product for the price .
about 20 inches
it is 6ft tall .
since it has two buttons on the front panel labeled `` color '' and `` mono '' , it might lead you to believe it is a color printer . it is not . the `` color '' button is only for scanning in color .
hi , it does have an automatic document feeder
check to see that the oki is compatible for wireless printing from your make of computer . i have a lenovo , and hqd the same issue . i hired a computer expert to add additional aoftware . that proved to be an unreliable fix . you should call your computer manufacturer as to wireless compatibility with this printer .
i do not understand ur question fully . but my children 's mac book can cause this printer to print wirelessly sure
good afternoon . the mb451 will print card stock in the multipurpose tray . here are the specs for the multipurpose tray : multipurpose feeder : 3 '' x 5 '' sef up to 8.5 '' x 52 '' banner , com-10 , com-9 , c5 , c6 , dl and monarch envelopes ; tray 1 : letter , legal 14 '' 13.5 '' 13 '' , statement , a4 , a5 , b5 ( jis ) i hope i
it will only print black and white but will scan in color
we do signature stamps , you would just send us a clear image of your signature .
nothing unique . maybe arial .
i customized for 4 lines which are exactly 1 2 inch from top to bottom . the address fit within 2 inches in width .
i do n't have a ruler here at work with me but i would say it 's about an inch long and a quarter of an inch tall . i ordered it to say `` sealed ''
with this stamp i only requested the name the only option was black at the time..
i think the answer to the question of it being waterproof has a lot to do with the surface upon which you are applying the ink . i applied the ink to a paper envelope and ran it under the faucet for a few seconds as well as ran my finger over the area stamped and the presentation held very well . i have also applied it to plastic and it will smear and come off . not sure how additional elements ( e.g . extended exposure to sunlight , rain , etc . ) will affect it .
you would need to ask the manufacturer directly for this request . i think contact info is provided in the order info .
yes it does . love it , use it all the time !
only transparent paper can be used .
my eika 3850a came with a small halogen bulb already in place . the bulb did n't work but had clear size details on the glass and was easily replaced for $ 5 at home depot .
i prop it up all the time in bed ( for my ipad ) and books : )
no
i use it for all size books but , not for anything smaller than 4 1 2 inch width cover . unless you want to force the book open flat , then nothing smaller than a 4-inch cover .
if you do n't have your document secured in the `` clips '' , turning pages is very easy . with the curved shape , your document and or book stays put without the clips .
it will work just fine ! it 's completely adjustable and i 've placed anything from large textbooks to magazines to a kindle on it .
it 's 3 inches deep , not tall or wide . it 's 7.9 inches tall and 10.5 inches wide . it holds all my big books just fine .
it holds my 2-inch wide folders with 600 pages of notes in them . definitely not 3.5 '' height . it 's more like 7 '' or so . width is around 10.5 ''
it depends on how big the book is and where you are in the book . i generally stand thick technical text books on mine for reference . in the first eighth as well as the last of the book i generally pin each page behind the plastic arms , and have to move one or the other before turning the page . other than that if the books are heavy enough , they stay open on their own and pages can be flipped as necessary without using the plastic arms . hope this helps !
hello thank you for sending me your query . one thing . i ordered this catridge from amazon.com as spare catridge . still i am using the original catridge which came with the printer . before buying it , i saw reviews in http : amazon.com . there are lot of 5 star reviews are there . based on these reviews i got this catridge . so before buying it , please see the reviews . if it did n't work , you may return it . thank you .
do you mean whether or not samsung ml-2165 works fine connecting it to your pc via the cable , without wifi ? if yes , i believe that the multi-function printer works good without wifi .
i have a 3405 an it works great..
working on it ... not the best , but may be able to tweek abit
not without an adapter ( $ 29 from apple only ) . i would n't recommend it as there would be little or no support for the phone .
i bought it through amazon
it only works with the older type of iphones like the plug for iphone 4. unless you get adapter .
i can not dock my ipad but i purchased an extension which works fine .
i had to return mine because i did n't have a needle..and like yourself ... i could n't read the instructions because they were n't in english..
yes
no . it is very simple to use . if you look at the tags and the gun itself , it is almost self explanatory . the only part that was confusing was the needle . i figured that out after a minute or so of just messing with the lever on the side to see how tight the needle was .
two - but i could not remove the one that does nothing to install the one that pushesthe holders thru . cheaply made product - i do not recommend . holders are very thin and cheap .
it all depends on what your tagging . i have 1 '' and 2 '' 1 for clothes and 2 for pillows thick blankets and such . if you have outer items like baskets i use the snap together ones ( do n't know what there called ) happy selling >
i has the same problem then i realized there is a lock lever to keep the needle in place
clear
it can be good to protect your luggage from scrapes and dings . i found it really handy when i moved to a new house . you just want to make sure you have a good layering around things .
no , sorry . just the roll .
no . absolutely not.this is no different than the saran wrap you would buy at the grocery store . just more industrial .
it is used to wrap pallets of boxes but would work fine for luggage . you may want to tape it or bind it some way as the wrap may come off with heavy handling if it is not secured
thank you for your email.according to hp documentation for this printer , the ink types are `` pigment-based black , dye-based color '' .regards , davtech computer center
tom , i purchased the t520 , 36 '' about a year ago . the product and factory # as shown on the tag of my printer is cq893 - 64001. mine does not have a `` model '' # . the configuration is as shown on the hp website . 1 gig , stand , roll spindle and starter ink cartridges as described . printer was delivered two days after the order was placed ( free shipping ) . to get a project out quickly i started printing wireless via my network with the intent of cabling later . wireless worked so well i have not bothered with the cabling . i typically do not praise products , but contrary to some other hp experiances , i have been very pleased with this printer . speed and quality are both good and the horror stories about ink usage seem to be exagerated a bit . i typically print line drawings ( large building construction plans ) but have printed a few google type maps with good results . for take-off drawings lower the print quality for ink savings . my usage averages about 20 sheets a week ( size d & e ) . seems to be a solid machine . good luck ... bob tom , i purchased the t520 , 36 '' about a year ago . the product and factory # as shown on the tag of my printer is cq893 - 64001. mine does not have a `` model '' # . the configuration is as shown on the hp website . 1 gig , stand , roll spindle and starter ink cartridges as described . printer was delivered two days after the order was placed ( free shipping ) . to get a project out quickly i started printing wireless via my network with the intent of cabling later . wireless worked so well i have not bothered with the cabling . i typically do not praise products , but contrary to some other ... » read more tom , i purchased the t520 , 36 '' about a year ago . the product and factory # as shown on the tag of my printer is cq893 - 64001. mine does not have a `` model '' # . the configuration is as shown on the hp website . 1 gig , stand , roll spindle and starter ink cartridges as described . printer was delivered two days after the order was placed ( free shipping ) . to get a project out quickly i started printing wireless via my network with the intent of cabling later . wireless worked so well i have not bothered with the cabling . i typically do not praise products , but contrary to some other hp experiances , i have been very pleased with this printer . speed and quality are both good and the horror stories about ink usage seem to be exagerated a bit . i typically print line drawings ( large building construction plans ) but have printed a few google type maps with good results . for take-off drawings lower the print quality for ink savings . my usage averages about 20 sheets a week ( size d & e ) . seems to be a solid machine . good luck ... bob « show less
yep . very well
ink only .
without tearing the packaging open , i can not tell . there is a user guide , but i 'm not sure beyond that .
yes , although not specifically mentioned on page 23 of the user instructions among the conditions for which the replay memory is cleared in the comp mode , it will be found that the replay memory content is also cleared when the calculator powers itself down due to inactivity time-out , and is then powered back up by manually pressing `` on '' -- this being the same response as simply pressing `` on '' without an inactivity time-out ( ... which *is* declared on page 23 ) .
yes
the calculator comes with one , but the one available online is for an earlier vision i think , but that 's what i got when i searched about 18 months back , but everything you need to know is in it basically
yes , but not by using the divide operator . the 'q ' function in the apps menu is used to find the quotient & the remainder .
yes . the manual calls it `` intelligent power off '' and it apparently happens after 30 minutes even if you 're using it .
we have done 11 '' by 17 '' pouches no problem .
no , a carrier is not required . it has been quite good for my home office uses .
so far , no . there has been no such problem . have you contacted the manufacturer about it ? if not , why not ?
350w
no , you may want to exchange it.however i always unplug it after i 'm done as a safety precaution , never know what could fall into that shark tooth roller .
you need to empty the bin .
we just got a paper bag from the grocery store and cut the top off to make it fit . it works great .
yes it does handle staples with no issues at all .
it rolls very easily . it comes with wheels attached .
it pulls straight out from the front . works great & is worth the money !
since this is a cross cut it is pretty secure for identity theft regular strip shredder would a lot less secure .
this shredder was purchased for office setting - with over sixty employees this shredder handles plenty whether it be business junk , personal junk , unopened , opened -- credit cards , diskettes . as of yet , we 've not had any problems or complaints . simply follow the lubricant suggestions for maintenance , empty regularly and it should be a good buy .
yes . actually , the shredder comes without the casters attached . i never attached mine .
24x30 garbage bag
6 contacts per page . roughly 4 pages per alphabet letter . each contact is broken into two side by side sets of lines . the left side is 5 blank lines . the right side is 5 lines that read : home office cell fax email . i can put the person 's name and full address in the five blank lines . hope that helps !
i would n't buy this ! it 's very cheaply made , and the cover falls off the book . i got black .
8 inches by 5 1 2 inches and you can put 4 addresses on a page ( name , address , home # , office # , cell phone # , fax # and e-mail address on each one.hope this helps
no , franklin , it is glued . i really like mine . medium blue cover . lots of room for names , # s and .com info . i even have a place in the front for all the birthdays i help celebrate . hope this helps . spyder
it is 5 inches side to side and 7 1 2 inches high ... 1 4 inch deep
no , they are paper .
7-1 2 inches x 5-1 4 inches .
yes , the one i use works on 230 v ac 50 hz . however check for the power ratings marked on product as well before you plug in .
hp officejet 6500a plus e-all-in-one printer - e710n : looks like it would be fine . found the user guide for your model e710n looked at the power cord . its the same !
i do n't know because my printer its hp 6500 wireless printer , and work perfect !
yes , this is the one i purchased from amazon for my hp 6500 e709n , and it works fine .
yes as a matter of fact i have a shortwave radio on mine
yes , but do n't buy this . i keep forgetting to add a review . this is plastic and so lightweight that when you add anything to it , it tips forward every time you open one of the drawers . spend a little more and get something you can count on . i ca n't use mine .
it is 26 '' with the casters .
about 25 inches with wheels
yes but junk
no they are not .
using the laser did not trigger anything as i remember . now , there is two modes for this presenter : presentation mode and mouse mode . it may possibly do it in mouse mode , but not as i recall because i pressed the button in mouse mode before and it did not do anything .
haven´t seen a mute video button but there´s a blank screen button at 6 o'clock ( doesn´t work on acrobat reader 11.0.07 for mac os x )
only when you take the presenter out of presentation mode and in to mouse mode .
it must be with windows 8 as well , because i have used it with a laptop that runs windows xp . it did very well with that laptop as well .
sure ! it is very functional !
you wo n't hear it at all . i just finished a presentation last week and everything worked really well ( slides and laser ) . excellent product .
i have tested to only about 85 ' . the transmitter uses radio frequencies that can penetrate walls , and therefore does not require direct line of sight . that said , an open environment with direct line of sight will provide the best performance . signal strength is significantly affected by the batteries ' state of charge . anything more than occasional use of the phenomenal laser pointer will deplete the batteries to the extent that i would not trust the presenter to work at the advertised distance . as long as you can keep fresh batteries in the device , avoid using the laser pointer , and can avoid obstructions then you may likely get 150 ' distances . i have tested to only about 85 ' . the transmitter uses radio frequencies that can penetrate walls , and therefore does not require direct line of sight . that said , an open environment with direct line of sight will provide the best performance . signal strength is significantly affected by the batteries ' state of charge . anything more than occasional use of the phenomenal laser pointer will deplete the batteries to the extent that i would not trust the presenter to work at the advertised distance . as long as you can keep fresh batteries in the device , avoid using the laser pointer , and can ... » read more i have tested to only about 85 ' . the transmitter uses radio frequencies that can penetrate walls , and therefore does not require direct line of sight . that said , an open environment with direct line of sight will provide the best performance . signal strength is significantly affected by the batteries ' state of charge . anything more than occasional use of the phenomenal laser pointer will deplete the batteries to the extent that i would not trust the presenter to work at the advertised distance . as long as you can keep fresh batteries in the device , avoid using the laser pointer , and can avoid obstructions then you may likely get 150 ' distances . « show less
yes . the ps50 allows the user to scan in either simplex ( front-side ) or duplex ( front & back side ) mode by merely selecting the choice from the get started settings . the software also allows you to delete an image , if you scan in duplex and the back is blank .
yes , it does perfectly . however , not so much with mac .
1993807 is the actual part number from kodak alarms . ps50 is the model name with ps representing a `` picture save scanning system ''
both units offer adf ( automatic document feeder ) and can scan duplex at 600 dpi ( recommended still image resolution for 5x7 size , see fadgi guidelines , 2010 ) . the ix500 rates its scanning speed duplex at 600 dpi resolution @ 7ppm , while the kodak picture saver scanning system scans duplex at 600 dpi @ 23ppm . another difference between the fujitsu scansnap ix500 scanner and the kodak alaris picture saver scanner system is the type of materials each unit has been designed to digitize . the ix500 's transport path has been designed primarily for standard paper . thus , according to its published general specifications , best results for photograph scanning will be obtained using the normal mode w carrier sheet . the carrier sheets will protect the photographic emulsion and help to reduce streaking that can occur when particulate matter is affixed onto the photo and carried across the glass covering the image sensors . ( carrier sheets have a listed lifespan of 500 scans ) . the kodak alaris picture saver scanning system has the patented gentle photo transport module specifically designed to accommodate the unique and wide variations of emulsion photopaper combinations that have been produced throughout the analog photograph era . to accommodate scanning of standard paper ( like those from the traditional office files ) , the kodak alaris picture saver scanning system requires the user to switch transport modules to the traditional paper transport component ( one is included with each unit ) . the kodak alaris picture saver scanning system incorporates an image guide instrumentation that virtually eliminates streaking on photographic images as they come into contact with the glass covering of the image sensor by using a glass-less covered sensor . the ix500 comes with wi-fi or usb compatibility vs. usb only for the kodak . the ix500 is provided with scansnap quick menu for pc and mac that offers a variety of ways to route your images post scanning , including saving to cloud storage accounts . the ix500 deluxe bundle offers even more feature rich and content viewing applications . the kodak product offers 2 types of scanning applications ; ( 1 ) the kodak picture saver scanning software with kodak perfect touch technology customized for photo scanning ( photo retouching , contrast adjustment and color correction ) and ( 2 ) smart touch functionality for `` one button '' document scanning . the user must route their scanned images to a mapped drive on the scanning computer first , then can move them to other locations . the ix500 scanner is advertised as both windows and mac compatible ( only have compared in windows ) . the kodak picture saver scanner system is windows compatible . both units offer adf ( automatic document feeder ) and can scan duplex at 600 dpi ( recommended still image resolution for 5x7 size , see fadgi guidelines , 2010 ) . the ix500 rates its scanning speed duplex at 600 dpi resolution @ 7ppm , while the kodak picture saver scanning system scans duplex at 600 dpi @ 23ppm . another difference between the fujitsu scansnap ix500 scanner and the kodak alaris picture saver scanner system is the type of materials each unit has been designed to digitize . the ix500 's transport path has been designed primarily for standard paper . thus , according to its published ... » read more both units offer adf ( automatic document feeder ) and can scan duplex at 600 dpi ( recommended still image resolution for 5x7 size , see fadgi guidelines , 2010 ) . the ix500 rates its scanning speed duplex at 600 dpi resolution @ 7ppm , while the kodak picture saver scanning system scans duplex at 600 dpi @ 23ppm . another difference between the fujitsu scansnap ix500 scanner and the kodak alaris picture saver scanner system is the type of materials each unit has been designed to digitize . the ix500 's transport path has been designed primarily for standard paper . thus , according to its published general specifications , best results for photograph scanning will be obtained using the normal mode w carrier sheet . the carrier sheets will protect the photographic emulsion and help to reduce streaking that can occur when particulate matter is affixed onto the photo and carried across the glass covering the image sensors . ( carrier sheets have a listed lifespan of 500 scans ) . the kodak alaris picture saver scanning system has the patented gentle photo transport module specifically designed to accommodate the unique and wide variations of emulsion photopaper combinations that have been produced throughout the analog photograph era . to accommodate scanning of standard paper ( like those from the traditional office files ) , the kodak alaris picture saver scanning system requires the user to switch transport modules to the traditional paper transport component ( one is included with each unit ) . the kodak alaris picture saver scanning system incorporates an image guide instrumentation that virtually eliminates streaking on photographic images as they come into contact with the glass covering of the image sensor by using a glass-less covered sensor . the ix500 comes with wi-fi or usb compatibility vs. usb only for the kodak . the ix500 is provided with scansnap quick menu for pc and mac that offers a variety of ways to route your images post scanning , including saving to cloud storage accounts . the ix500 deluxe bundle offers even more feature rich and content viewing applications . the kodak product offers 2 types of scanning applications ; ( 1 ) the kodak picture saver scanning software with kodak perfect touch technology customized for photo scanning ( photo retouching , contrast adjustment and color correction ) and ( 2 ) smart touch functionality for `` one button '' document scanning . the user must route their scanned images to a mapped drive on the scanning computer first , then can move them to other locations . the ix500 scanner is advertised as both windows and mac compatible ( only have compared in windows ) . the kodak picture saver scanner system is windows compatible . « show less
not that i know of .
when we ordered this from amazon , it did not work in my xp-860s . it acted like it was `` knock-off '' ink .
it only contains 5. good catch .
yes and i recommend you use only epson ink . i used off brand ink in my last printer and it became unusable over a short period of time . it may not have been the problem , but problems began when i started using the off brand inks .
sorry for the delay . i had to get to my office and test your question . it does have a pdf button that allows you to scan multiple pages and then click `` finish '' which converts all the pages into a pdf file and saves it into a folder that you have preset in the settings .
yes , it does work with my yosemite 10.10.3 , but i had to go to the epson site to download the latest driver ( it was n't on the disk ) .
yes , you can copy the photos from your computer to discs using a number of different programs available separately or just copy them directly to a cd or dvd . however , i have mine saved on an external hard drive and use my roku to view on my television . how long it takes depends on how many pictures you want to transfer but the time is minimal compared to transferring video .
the cable came with the scanner is at least 6 ft long . i have n't tried a 10 ft cable but my guess is it will work .
yes . that 's what i have , windows 8. works great .
jeff , only used this v37 once . this scanner replaced a very good but old scanner that will not run on win 7 so brought the v37 . i use a program call picture manager that comes with office . good to do basic editing and i use an old program call print shop pro to add text . i do n't do slideshows and but put them in shutterfly for others to view as a slideshow you will need another software to do that and there are many out there . you can put many 4x6 on a disk but it all depend on the file size .
sure , no problem . i usually scan at 300 dpi but i think it can even go higher . saves as a jpeg or whatever you want !
yes , you can save it in different qualities of jpeg too .
i am not sure what you are asking but i placed 2 pictures on the scanner with a small space between them and the scanner detected both pictures . it scanned each picture as a separate scan and placed the two pictures in my designated folder . i also tried this test . i placed a document on the scanner that had two separate pictures on the page with space between them . it scanned the entire page as one scan . hope this answers your question .
i installed it on windows 8 with noroblems and it works fine ( text and pictures ) . i did n't need to use the disk . windows 8 did everything , as i remember it asked me if i wanted to install the printer monitor ( status and ink level ) and a diagnostic program . it was automatic . i hope you have the same experience that i did .
if you 're referring to the auto document feeder , the answer is no . that can only take letter , legal , and a4 paper sizes . if you 're talking about the paper trays , you can use sizes up to 5x7 in cassette 2. larger sheets can go into the larger cassette ( cassette 1 ) . i suppose that if you carefully fed photos into the adf for copying or scanning , that you might have some success .
correct , it stops working . it does not give you the option of printing using the remaining colors . and it does n't give you much warning before it runs out of ink . finally , for some reason , amazon does n't directly sell the extra-capacity black ink cartridge ; it 's only offered from amazon resellers , so you 'll also have to pay for shipping .
if you are on a network that the printer is on than any app on the ipad that allows printing will print to the epson printer . if not , you can use epson 's `` connect '' app that is available free from epson . it will allow you to print from anywhere as it assigns an e-mail address to the printer . hope this helps .
since i have happily thrown my epson xp-850 in the garbage , several months ago , i 'm not certain if i can answer your question , but as i recall , any specialty papers ( other than plain paper ) of that size have to be printed via the flimsly little pull out in the back of the printer . best of luck to you .
plastic , and flares out a bit too for a better grip .
looks like everyone else answered this , but i 'll give it a shot too -- and i 'll borrow from the directions off my box of pilot namiki ink cartridges . : p so -- first , unscrew the pen . hold your pen with the nib ( the tip ) of the pen straight up and remove the empty cartridge ( or the converter if it 's still on the pen -- that thing on the end that you squeeze like an eyedropper bulb ) . insert the new cartridge straight into the pen without turning or twisting.also : be sure to hang onto that converter ! at the very least , you can use that to help yourself clean out the inside of the pen between cartridges ( or between ink refills in general if you use bottled inks ) . what you do is , fill a cup with clean , cold water . ( if your tap water is drinkable , use that . if you 're more worried , use bottled water . some folks swear by distilled water , but i do n't feel it 's necessary . ) put the converter onto the pen and use it to suck clean water into the pen , then squeeze the converter to get the dirty inky water out . do this several times -- draw up clean water , squeeze out the dirty water -- until the water comes out clear . then dry off the nib . personally , i like to let my pen sit nib down in a cup stuffed with a wad of paper towel to dry overnight.anyhoo -- the converter will at least help you with cleaning the pen . but the really good thing about using any fountain pen is using *bottled inks . * that 's really what that converter is for ! when you feel ready to try out bottled inks , you 'll really be needing that converter . so in the meanwhile , be sure to hold onto it and do n't lose it . yeah ... you could always buy another one if you do , but why should you if you 've already got one , right ? good luck and happy writing : ) looks like everyone else answered this , but i 'll give it a shot too -- and i 'll borrow from the directions off my box of pilot namiki ink cartridges . : p so -- first , unscrew the pen . hold your pen with the nib ( the tip ) of the pen straight up and remove the empty cartridge ( or the converter if it 's still on the pen -- that thing on the end that you squeeze like an eyedropper bulb ) . insert the new cartridge straight into the pen without turning or twisting.also : be sure to hang onto that converter ! at the very least , you can use that to help yourself clean out the inside of the pen ... » read more looks like everyone else answered this , but i 'll give it a shot too -- and i 'll borrow from the directions off my box of pilot namiki ink cartridges . : p so -- first , unscrew the pen . hold your pen with the nib ( the tip ) of the pen straight up and remove the empty cartridge ( or the converter if it 's still on the pen -- that thing on the end that you squeeze like an eyedropper bulb ) . insert the new cartridge straight into the pen without turning or twisting.also : be sure to hang onto that converter ! at the very least , you can use that to help yourself clean out the inside of the pen between cartridges ( or between ink refills in general if you use bottled inks ) . what you do is , fill a cup with clean , cold water . ( if your tap water is drinkable , use that . if you 're more worried , use bottled water . some folks swear by distilled water , but i do n't feel it 's necessary . ) put the converter onto the pen and use it to suck clean water into the pen , then squeeze the converter to get the dirty inky water out . do this several times -- draw up clean water , squeeze out the dirty water -- until the water comes out clear . then dry off the nib . personally , i like to let my pen sit nib down in a cup stuffed with a wad of paper towel to dry overnight.anyhoo -- the converter will at least help you with cleaning the pen . but the really good thing about using any fountain pen is using *bottled inks . * that 's really what that converter is for ! when you feel ready to try out bottled inks , you 'll really be needing that converter . so in the meanwhile , be sure to hold onto it and do n't lose it . yeah ... you could always buy another one if you do , but why should you if you 've already got one , right ? good luck and happy writing : ) « show less
technically , yes . in fact you can swap the italic nib from a pilot plumix onto a metropolitan , if you wanted . however , the nibs are n't sold separately ( though you may be able to find used nibs ) .
it has a converter for bottled ink , as well as using the namiki ink cartridges .
it 's made in japan so the medium nib is a bit finer than , say , a german medium nib , but it 's a gorgeous writer , starts every time with almost every ink i 've put in it ... noodler 's , private reserve , parker . it also comes with a squeeze fill converter as well as a cartridge . i own two and will be buying more . they perform as well or better than pens costing three or four times the amount .
no , they require the pilot ink cartridges . they i believe send you one or two and maybe a converter . i ca n't remember , sorry . but you can refill the empty pilot cartridges with and good ink and reuse them . i buy the 10 pak of the pilot ink cartridges which are n't very expensive , and they are larger than the standard international refills . also i love their blue black ink color . hope this helps . it 's a great smooth writing everyday pen !
unfortunately you can not get line variations with this pen 's nib .
i use the refillable reservoir with pilot namiki standard fountain pen ink , blue ( 69201 ) and have been happy . you can also buy the pilot namiki fountain pen ink cartridges which are less hassle but not re-usable .
yes , it is a simple black box with a pilot logo . very simple but not so easy to the eye .
medium only , but it is not too wide as mediums go .
i bought mine in 2013 but am uncertain of whether or not i have that update . same model and it works great . if you can tell me how to tell if it 's the same update i would be happy to check for you .
i have the 3405 w and it fits great . remember to remove the protective strip ( pull slowly )
it is usually a small paper on side of toner . you pull it gently and it comes out the side . it is usually long - as long as the toner is wide . occasionally they forget it . try to pull gently - if you tear it then it will make printing difficult .
yes . that is my model . there is a cover to the toner that you have to remove . i do n't know if i missed that part of the directions . i thought it did n't fit .
not sure i have a 3400 series . you should be able to search it or google it .
it did not work . i have n't got around to throwing it away .
when i ordered mine , i received refurbished cartridge . i came broken and i had to return it . i ended up buying new one from samsung .
yes , we use it for our hl-5470dw printers and it works great !
the v4 ink seem to have a little less than the same brother cartridge and the toner is not as clean . but in general it is a great value and i would recommend it . i am a cpa with a tax practice and i printed 25,000 copies during tax season . the savings was substantial . none of the cartridges leaked . when i first put in a couple of the cartridges there was some smudging for the first couple pages then it seemed to clear up . i would rate the product 5 star for usability and savings and 3 stars for product quality . it is not ideal for a very clean precise prints but for general small graphics and general type on a tax form they are perfect . the v4 ink seem to have a little less than the same brother cartridge and the toner is not as clean . but in general it is a great value and i would recommend it . i am a cpa with a tax practice and i printed 25,000 copies during tax season . the savings was substantial . none of the cartridges leaked . when i first put in a couple of the cartridges there was some smudging for the first couple pages then it seemed to clear up . i would rate the product 5 star for usability and savings and 3 stars for product quality . it is not ideal for a very clean precise prints but for general small graphics ... » read more the v4 ink seem to have a little less than the same brother cartridge and the toner is not as clean . but in general it is a great value and i would recommend it . i am a cpa with a tax practice and i printed 25,000 copies during tax season . the savings was substantial . none of the cartridges leaked . when i first put in a couple of the cartridges there was some smudging for the first couple pages then it seemed to clear up . i would rate the product 5 star for usability and savings and 3 stars for product quality . it is not ideal for a very clean precise prints but for general small graphics and general type on a tax form they are perfect . « show less
so far so good .
hi bought the same printer and these cartridges and so far so good .
i have tried them and they work very well . i placed another order with them . the company is good and so is the product .
approx . 4 1 2 inches i think that is about standard size .
just 1 pack of 3..i have 9 of the retractable pens . sometimes i find the `` non retractable '' pens for cheaper , pull out the ink cartridge , and throw out the exterior . i like the retractable because the eraser is at the tip and always exposed . hope this helps .
not sure
yes , you can print envelopes . you can also print labels as well .
there are four separate color cartridges . i imagine you can use generic replacement cartridges though i have n't done it .
hi , yes the wireless functionality is built in . the printer located my wireless network all i had to do was supply the password .
a tray shelf slides out of the front to catch the printed pages . it is integrated into the top of the feed tray .
10 - 15
i do n't have that problem color printing is fine . might be old ink
you can print via wifi on the same network ios and android apps available . link for ios info is : http : www.brother-usa.com downloads iphone-ipod-printer.aspx # .ut2nmbao670
mine came with one extra set .
7-10lbs for sure . i bought the easel to hold a framed architectural rendering for a home i have for sale . no problems yet.hope that helps somewhat .
sorry , i do n't know . but , i can not imagine if you contact the manufacturer that would n't be able to sell you some
assembly is pretty straight forward . if your building one use the allen wrench provided . if your building several i recommend using an allen wrench tip ( we cut off the tip of the one provided ) along with a battery powered drill for quick assembly . sometimes the screws do n't line up with the nuts perfectly and it requires a bit of doing .
i am not 100 % sure . i think you do it from the print screen on your computer ( or device ) , not on the printer itself . there is usually a button called properties on a print screen . that opens up a lot of detail about size and type of paper . sorry i have never used glossy paper . good luck .
possibly could work , but it struggles to properly load thicker paper so i 'm skeptical
are the print cartridges epson ? if not , was the tape over the contact points or the vent hole ? tape should have been over vent hole . i had some refilled cartridges that had the tape oer the conact point and would not work . i returned them for credit and got new ones . printer works fine now .
http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store jsp buy-ink-results.do ? bv_usebvcookie=yes &type; =1 &sku; =c11cc01201
i have windows vista and it works fine , not sure what other programs it works with
no you have to purchase the cx410de
i do n't know for sure because i returned the printer because it could not print front and back - two sided .
yes , but it requires some setup on the printer using the printer display .
yes , i think 1500 pages . i have had this printer for over 9 months and still using the original starter toners . hope that helps . it is a great printer .
yes , i have three 24i inch monitors that work perfectly side by side .
2 - 3 '' between the wall and desk . you will need to able to reach the underside of the desk to the screws to tighten it down .
it can , but you would definitely want to use a small wooden block or something to brace the metal fasteners . you also want to make sure you do n't have something under the glass that could block the clamp opening
if i could easily upload a picture and show proof , i would . not to worry , all three mounts are evenly aligned for proper mounting with identical monitors . has worked very well for me so far .
yes
two inches is all you need . thats what i have as well ! great purchase ! i could n't be happier with this desk mount !
yes , it should be a 1 2 '' or more thick glass
you need to pop off the plastic covers on the hinges and tighten them . i had the same problem but it 's a really easy fix .
just a little under 2 inches ... 1 and 7 8th inches , by my measuring tape .
you probably could never tried , is black and white , i would use another type of printer for that .
no it does not . they use totallly different cartridges . sorry .
yes
yes .
it does come with toner .
this is a usb cable , 16 pin parallel ports are outdated all newer models have usb connectivity.ericribbons express inc
yes this device comes with a 1,500 page toner cartridge .
i believe it 's only going to work with usb . if u need a network printer it should be ms310dn .
it comes with a toner cartridge that is about 1 4 filled . good for about 1000 pages . replacement toner is about $ 100 .
no . it is just a black and white laser printer .
yes but not out of the box , i had to download a configuration tool from lexmark and config the device for that to work properly . it works great now .
no , i googled the e450a11a and checked it with my printer cardridge . they do n't look the same .
no
i do n't remember it came with usb cable . because i have lots of those cable , so i did n't pay attention . sorry for this unclear answer .
it will print coated and uncoated paper.laser printers are especially made for high quality full color printing on gloss stock because the image is burned on to the sheet ( with the laser fuser and imaging unit ) instead of sprayed or dripped on ink which easily smears .
heh heh , is the cartridge a genuine lexmark product ? because the literature says that lexmark is all you can use . if it is a lexmark , but just aged , then you might be able to talk them into a replacement . if it 's not a lexmark product , then it sounds like the printer is rejecting it , and i do n't know how to tell you to override that . hope this helps at least a little bit .
hi gary , i 've not even thought about resolution in laser printers because it 's such a high resolution that not even with a good magnifying glass can you detect any dots . the color just merges together . truly i have n't thought about resolution much in years because the printer technology is such that for me it 's not an issue . at any rate , here is a good link that explains printer resolution . http : printscan.about.com od printerscannerspecs a printerres.htm good luck !
dear gdaddy , the printer comes with the following parts in the box : lexmark cs310n color laser printer , 750-page color ( cmy ) toner cartridges , 750-page starter black toner cartridge , up to 40,000 pages black and color imaging kit ( contains pc unit and developer units ) , software and documentation cd , power cord , setup guide or sheet ( network and local attachment ) , statement of limited warranty guarantee , lexmark cartridge collection program informationregards , davtech computer center
with the proper paper it is close .
yes , but you must feed card stock one sheet at a time manually using the single sheet envelope feeder .
the picture files are named , `` pictxxxx '' where xxxx starts at 0001 and ascends . it stores the files on either the internal memory ( miniscule amount ) or an sd card . it will restart at '0001 ' as long as the card is empty .
well , i 'm not an expert on dvd burning , but my experience is that you should have no problem . the scanner produces a jpg file for each slide or negative scanned . with dvd burning software , which is installed on most computers , you can transfer the files from the flash memory card to a dvd . most computers now have a flash memory card reader built in , or you can read the files with a usb adaptor which is included with the scanner . there is , of course , a limit to the number of images you will be able to put on a dvd . my dvds store about 4 gb , but my flash memory card holds about 16 gb , so i would need 4 dvds to hold the images on a full memory card . jay well , i 'm not an expert on dvd burning , but my experience is that you should have no problem . the scanner produces a jpg file for each slide or negative scanned . with dvd burning software , which is installed on most computers , you can transfer the files from the flash memory card to a dvd . most computers now have a flash memory card reader built in , or you can read the files with a usb adaptor which is included with the scanner . there is , of course , a limit to the number of images you will be able to put on a dvd . my dvds store about 4 gb , but my flash memory card holds about 16 gb , so i ... » read more well , i 'm not an expert on dvd burning , but my experience is that you should have no problem . the scanner produces a jpg file for each slide or negative scanned . with dvd burning software , which is installed on most computers , you can transfer the files from the flash memory card to a dvd . most computers now have a flash memory card reader built in , or you can read the files with a usb adaptor which is included with the scanner . there is , of course , a limit to the number of images you will be able to put on a dvd . my dvds store about 4 gb , but my flash memory card holds about 16 gb , so i would need 4 dvds to hold the images on a full memory card . jay « show less
it is most likely the power supply . it is a fairly common 5 volt 1000 ma usb power supply like those used to charge cell phones . you can probably buy one inexpensively . hope this helps .
i 'm using a sandisk 32gb sdhc card .
no .
i am not sure why you could not designate a cd drive or a removeable drive as the destination . i used an external hard drive and it worked fine
i do n't have experience with the other machine but i would n't get my hopes up . the f2d2 makes acceptable home copies , but wo n't suffice for professional uses . hope this helps .
yes , but like i said previously it does a much better job with negatives than slides . slides come out so so and need some adjusting with photoshop .
i bought those for my printer all in one and the black printed 2 coupons and then stopped working . to this day it says black ink out . ca n't print a thing without the black . i would not buy from this person .
short answer is no ! these are number # 32 & # 33 lexmark refilled cartridges . the lexmark x6170 ink cartridges for your machine uses a # 82 & # 83. if you do a search in the above search box on amazon using the following search phrase `` lexmark x6170 ink cartridges '' many original and remanufactured refilled cartridges for your machine come up at great prices .
i use mine in z5400 , i have to disregard non-compatiable print cartridge each time i print , but they still work . mine uses # 32 and # 33 and yours show the same model .
do n't know . i have a x5470 . if your x8350 uses # 32 and # 33 cartridges , you should be ok .
bad product -- -- -- -- -only printed three very light papers -- then nothing
there is a headset provided with this unit that stands alone . there is also an option to plug earphones into the cordless phones . it appeared to take a standard miniature plug such as used on ipod etc ... personally i found the phones to have horrible audio and returned the whole set .
blue light solid in charger means it 's charged . when out of charger means it 's transmitting to main phone when intermittently blinking . that 's all i an tell about the situation . there is a volume control on the side of the headset..
yes , but dont . the sound quality is really poor . i returned my first set , and then my second set . really bad . and the headset was practically useless .
looking at the uniden site , i believe it is ... it says it has a maximum of 12 head sets . we have not added any , however , so i do n't know how easy it is to do so . here is a link to the uniden site : http : www.uniden.com cordless-phones dect-60-cordless-phone-with-digital-answerer-and-wireless-headset invt d23803hg
sunni , there are 3 pages per letter and 4 columns on front and back of each page . 2 extra pages at end of journal . hope this helps .
no , donna , you can not add to this book . i am not happy with this password book . not near enough pages per letter . i need more than 4 separate entries per alphabet letter . wasted space on each page . i am looking for something different .
yes
yes . however , there are no tabs to easily flip to the alpha letter you desire . i simply added some tabs myself so i do n't have to turn page by page looking for an entry . it 's a great book for its purpose .
not tabs , just black square with letter within page boundaries
i do n't know
yes , they pivot up and down .
yes , that is the printer i purchased it for and it is working fine .
hello sakda , receiptroll always offers free shipping with every order .
it should be ok
yes the sparco dimension matches the specs for the star tsp 100 printer . 3 1 8 inch by 230 feet . spr25346 is the product # 50 rolls per case
yes they do . i have ordered 2 cases from them so far and i 've been really happy about the quality and price .
i 'm using hp office jet pro 8600 wireless , no problems , be careful to indent left margin at least .61 '' .
hi euna ! thank you for your inquiry ! there are 100 sheets per pack.aistebisonoffice
no perforated edges . i like this paper for notes or print outs i intend to reference often . it 's for my notes , but not til there cleaned up and finalized . be sure to move your left margin to .65 before using . perfortions would be counter intuitive to this products purpose .
the print quality looks great to the naked eye , even on plain paper . i have not done any testing or looking through a loop . i am having problems with paper trays and the printer will not wake . sometime i have to pull the plug and do a hard reset .
yes
yes , there is an ocr scan feature on the printer .
yes i have mavericks os on both of my computers which work with this printer and they do so successfully .
yes it does . great printer .
yes , this printer connects easily to my wifi network and prints from macbook , windows 7 pc , and a new macmini . i have little doubt that it would accepts print commands from any computer on the same wifi network . better still , it accommodated airprint . so i can print from iphone5 , iphone 5s , and my ipad . this is a really cool and handy feature !
i print wirelessly from my iphone and ipad almost daily without any issues ; - )
yes . you just have to close the flaps of the printer so that the envelopes are secured into position .
no . just intercom . need to answer the handset and no speaker phone while on intercom .
sorry bill , i can not answer that question . one more thing that 's not good is that one of the handsets is already starting to malfunction . i can barely adjust the ringer anymore . never would have purchased it if i knew the trouble it would be .
yes .
not that i am aware of , but i only use it on a one line system .
i just checked my base unit and , yes , it certainly looks like it should be able to be wall mounted . mine just sits on my desk .
model bt-1021
yes ! these units have volume controls on each handset .
i use this ink in a hp officejet 6500. the cartridges look like oem and snap in place as the oem would .
yes , all the cartridges are high yield ink cartridges .
yes
no they do n't
these will work in the hp 309 and photosmart 7525. both have a chip pn the bottom that tells the printer if the ink is real hp ink or not . a sign comes up that says this is not a genuine hp cartridge . all you do is hit the ok button and it works .
yes they do . i did however have some issues with mine , make sure they are for the right printer . the company was very cooperative and customer friendly in helping find a solution .
i have the ooma connected to one of the phone outlets in the house and was then able to connect a panasonic dect6 cordless phone base station from another location in the house . the benefit is that i have three ( 3 ) panasonic handsets and the positioning of the cordless phone base station in a location that has best reception throughout the house . this also allowed me to hid the ooma teleo in the communications closet with my router , cable modem , etc. , instead of showing in the living room . the con is i ca n't access two lines . since i did not sign up for the ooma prime service , i do n't have the 2nd line anyway . the panasonic det6 also allowed me to connect my cell phones to the same headset . making sure i hear the phone rings in different areas of the house . i have the ooma connected to one of the phone outlets in the house and was then able to connect a panasonic dect6 cordless phone base station from another location in the house . the benefit is that i have three ( 3 ) panasonic handsets and the positioning of the cordless phone base station in a location that has best reception throughout the house . this also allowed me to hid the ooma teleo in the communications closet with my router , cable modem , etc. , instead of showing in the living room . the con is i ca n't access two lines . since i did not sign up for the ooma prime service , i do n't have ... » read more i have the ooma connected to one of the phone outlets in the house and was then able to connect a panasonic dect6 cordless phone base station from another location in the house . the benefit is that i have three ( 3 ) panasonic handsets and the positioning of the cordless phone base station in a location that has best reception throughout the house . this also allowed me to hid the ooma teleo in the communications closet with my router , cable modem , etc. , instead of showing in the living room . the con is i ca n't access two lines . since i did not sign up for the ooma prime service , i do n't have the 2nd line anyway . the panasonic det6 also allowed me to connect my cell phones to the same headset . making sure i hear the phone rings in different areas of the house . « show less
yes , but i have n't tried it
yes maurice , when i first bought ooma telo i had a regular wireless phones all over the house until i bought the ooma hd2 . the older ones i had worked just as well as the new ooma one . by the way , when you get the ooma telo base you have to unhook the outside phone lines that come into your house because you do n't need them to use ooma . ooma works through you computer not your outside phone lines . just find where they come through you walls into your house , should be a couple red and black or white wires into a little box . disconnect these wires cause they wo n't be needed . just plug the wires from ooma into the wallphone plugs that you have in each room , just one room hook up make the whole house connected to ooma . just leave all the phones you are now using the way they are . then you should be good to go . works great ! if you have any trouble write me back and i 'll work you through . john yes maurice , when i first bought ooma telo i had a regular wireless phones all over the house until i bought the ooma hd2 . the older ones i had worked just as well as the new ooma one . by the way , when you get the ooma telo base you have to unhook the outside phone lines that come into your house because you do n't need them to use ooma . ooma works through you computer not your outside phone lines . just find where they come through you walls into your house , should be a couple red and black or white wires into a little box . disconnect these wires cause they wo n't be needed . just plug the ... » read more yes maurice , when i first bought ooma telo i had a regular wireless phones all over the house until i bought the ooma hd2 . the older ones i had worked just as well as the new ooma one . by the way , when you get the ooma telo base you have to unhook the outside phone lines that come into your house because you do n't need them to use ooma . ooma works through you computer not your outside phone lines . just find where they come through you walls into your house , should be a couple red and black or white wires into a little box . disconnect these wires cause they wo n't be needed . just plug the wires from ooma into the wallphone plugs that you have in each room , just one room hook up make the whole house connected to ooma . just leave all the phones you are now using the way they are . then you should be good to go . works great ! if you have any trouble write me back and i 'll work you through . john « show less
go to my ooma and log in , go to preferences - phone numbers , click add private account . fill in all the fields - my private account name is `` business '' , but you can name it anything you want . save it , and you will see that you have two accounts , one for each phone number . on the number you want the hd2 hooked to , click `` setup device '' . if you do n't see your device , select `` add device manually '' . fill in the fields - the name you enter will show on your phone . select type ( hd2 handset ) , and select the device id , there 's probably only one . click save , and you 're done ! your new hd2 will get only the line 2 calls . want to change which number is on which account ? click on the phone number and follow the directions . call both numbers from another phone to test it out ! by the way , you can use a linx instead of a telo handset , plugging a regular phone into it . same setup as i discussed above . so , with a linx , you can actually plug in a two-line cordless phone system , one line into the telo , one into the linx . slick . go to my ooma and log in , go to preferences - phone numbers , click add private account . fill in all the fields - my private account name is `` business '' , but you can name it anything you want . save it , and you will see that you have two accounts , one for each phone number . on the number you want the hd2 hooked to , click `` setup device '' . if you do n't see your device , select `` add device manually '' . fill in the fields - the name you enter will show on your phone . select type ( hd2 handset ) , and select the device id , there 's probably only one . click save , and you 're ... » read more go to my ooma and log in , go to preferences - phone numbers , click add private account . fill in all the fields - my private account name is `` business '' , but you can name it anything you want . save it , and you will see that you have two accounts , one for each phone number . on the number you want the hd2 hooked to , click `` setup device '' . if you do n't see your device , select `` add device manually '' . fill in the fields - the name you enter will show on your phone . select type ( hd2 handset ) , and select the device id , there 's probably only one . click save , and you 're done ! your new hd2 will get only the line 2 calls . want to change which number is on which account ? click on the phone number and follow the directions . call both numbers from another phone to test it out ! by the way , you can use a linx instead of a telo handset , plugging a regular phone into it . same setup as i discussed above . so , with a linx , you can actually plug in a two-line cordless phone system , one line into the telo , one into the linx . slick . « show less
yes but why would you unless you are calling somewhere like japan and have a lot of leftover minutes to burn on your skype account . the ooma system and it 's hd quality sound is designed to replace the other peoples inferior quality units and systems at such monthly costs as my $ 3.71 bill for fcc and taxes versus $ 29.95 cheap bill promised by others with hidden charges . and if you have been using something like magicjack or vonage you will really be pleased with the clarity compared to long-distance echo or humming once you use ooma .
hi in answer to your question you can use both . i have four cordless phones counting my base phone , plus the ooma handset . they all work well . plus the second line can be used on all phones . i initially had a problem with making a call on the second line to canada while a conversation was taking place to canada on line one . i contacted support on chat and the problem was quickly resolved .
m going to say yes on this . however i have not had the occasion to use the speaker phone sine i 've had mine . in the basic instructions it says `` when you are on a call , you can mute your phone by pressing the left soft key ( you should see the `` mute '' label positioned above the left soft key . to unmute the phone , press the left soft key a second time . '' by this , i can only assume that it will also work when the speaker phone option is being used because it mutes the microphone that you are talking into regardless of the phone speaker or the hand set that you are listening to .
my ooma works fine with faxes - not the handset though - through the ooma base unit . works best if you dial *99 and then the fax number .
i 'm sorry to hear that you are having problems with your ooma hd2 handset . i have not experienced any problems with mine . i have three hd2 handsets one on each floor of the house and all work great . do n't have anyone calling me for longer than an hour which is rare so it has worked just fine for me . i always put it back on the charger when not in use .
assuming they ship you the same , my usa received transformer says 100-240v 15a 50-60hz so you should be finei have to agree with rob merrifield , however , that i do n't love the hd2 - i only use it because i have two lines at this site . the ooma telo itself has been great , but i have another location i use another telo with a panasonic cordless set plugged into it which i think is higher quality if you only need 1 line .
i would say 3 max
i would say water resistant , they do have a ziploc type closure at the top , but not sure if submersed it would keep out water
vertical badges ( 4.50in x 2.75in ) , horizontal badges ( 3.25in x 3.95in )
yes . there 's a ziplock closure that your lanyard can also clip through .
yes , i think so . as a matter of fact i just used it in bed this morning . i 've had cheaper tables made for using in bed - breakfast trays and the like - but what i like about this portable desk is it 's high-quality , plus it 's adjustable surface . obviously it 's going to be more stable when placed on a harder , firmer surface - but it works fine when laying back propped up in bed .
they do n't lock , just stop when fully open .
no
bottom line ? it is a stable and portable platform for my 17 '' laptop - and there is room for my mouse ! the extendable legs make if very flexible for multiple work situations - always a good option for business travel . it is satisfactorily stable at all height adjustments . i like it so much that i take it on vacation too . negatives ? it could be built lighter - but it certainly is stable in the current form . i vote for stability over ultra-weight .
i think those were just for packaging , i threw them out . at first i thought they went with the table but it does n't seem like they do . hope that helps !
yep ! you can do both : o )
yes virginia , the folding table is fully assembled.i bought myself one and liked it so much i ordered one for my daughter fo christmas , she loves it also .
yeah , you can fold the legs under the table . it is tight-fitting and when you fold it already , i look like a flat
the legs swing out and will hit an ultimate maximum angle they will extend to ( about 120~150 degrees ) . the legs are metal , and the surface is a hard wood ( or simulated wood , i am not sure specifically what materials ) . with the table on a hard surface like a table or something , the legs will extend to their maximum angles and stop . from that point , yes it should be very stable ( mine does n't really wobble ) . i do n't think it is meant for use on a hard surface , though , so here are no pads or anything to prevent scratching a table finish , etc .
not sure how many pages . it does n't print as many pages as stated but you still save money on not purchasing color ink . i will say it does print more pages than a normal ink cartridge .
epson 223 and epson 223xldurabrite® ultra ink 's versatile , pigment-based , ink technology delivers brilliant , fast-drying , long-lasting prints on plain and specialty papers . available in standard and xl capacity.sku : t223xl120 view ink cartridge yieldscolor : blackink code : 223xldurabrite® ultra ink 's versatile , pigment-based , ink technology delivers brilliant , fast-drying , long-lasting prints on plain and specialty papers . available in standard and xl capacity.sku : t223120 view ink cartridge yieldscolor : blackink code : 223
no , it does not support airprint but there is an app that will allow you to print wifi . it works ok for me . i love this printer . it prints a lot more then my old one .
no on both counts- who would use a black and white printer for photos ?
ink jet .
even better : the printer has six sides . but unfortunately it will only print single-sided .
if you grab a grayscale jpeg from a website and print it , it comes out with quality of a newspaper photo . i would bet if you started with a high res photo , and fiddled with the settings it could look very nice .
dear carolyn p. , i have windows 7 and i had to set up a wireless connection manually to each computer on the network . my neighbor has windows 8 and she did not need to manually set up any wireless connection like me , as her windows 8 recognized everything and did it automatically . i hope this helps you . maren
the printer options are quite basic . if you want to print positives from a negative image you will need to convert the image with computer software first .
i use standard copy paper . it is an inkjet printer .
it 's an inkjet but it is black ink only . the ink lasts a long time just like a laser.the only thing missing is the air print feature which i wish it had to use with my ipad . other than that is great . i changed device preference to draft so the cartridge last even longer . when i need something to print better , i change the setting to normal .
the standard ink cartridge comes `` in the box '' . it is a full fill cartridge but as the instructions say first time priming of the printer uses some ink .
no . this phone is a very special type of phone that requires a significant amount of technical knowledge to set up properly . unless you have a technical background with sip technologies this would be entirely inappropriate .
while i have not tried the phone with asterixnow , it is at heart a sip protocol phone . therefore , since asterixnow supports sip , i believe it should work .
it has a skype application on the phone ( that is downloaded from the android application store ) . however , it does require an external camera for video , and one can not use the handset ( only the speakerphone )
your question is a bit vague , missed call notification where ? the led , sound etc there are some notification settings in the settings sound panel
yes , it comes with a power adapter .
the stamp company will email you soon after you place the order to obtain personalization and color info .
yes how do i personalize this
yes
i have used it a few times to send around 150 christmas cards ( twice ) and birth announcements and it is still going but starting to fade . hope this helps : )
no batteries , because it consumes a lot of power to print .
yes . it is a bit complicated to program for each item catagory that gets labeled . we use it for labeling bulk food items at a natural food store .
you need to install a continuous paper roll -- it will not do what you want it to do on the label . i recommend you contact angie at torrey before you purchase to ensure the scale will print out what you need it to . ( 832 ) 564-2881. she is very knowledgeable on the scale .
no , comes with ac adapter power supply . thanks ,
hey there . i have n't done cardstock but i do frequently print on heavy watercolor paper without any issues . i also know that the printer allows you to select cardstock as the paper type .
this particular device is not a scanner . it is a wide format printer . actually , it is quite good . very clear . very fast and pretty efficient in terms of cartridge usage . however , it is not an all-in-one.i think you are looking for the hp officejet 7610. it scans up to 11 x 17 .
yes , and a little larger
it has several envelope sizes listed..i do not use this printer for that ... the thing is -- it has only one tray . so , you can not stock envelopes in one tray and paper in another.as far as paper thickness.. it lists card stock as an option.. i have not tried that.. if you want me too , i can stop and do that .
no you ca n't use the printer that way it will not work .
yes , the quality of prints is good but the printer itself can be cranky at times . be prepared to fuss with settings , drivers , and the paper feeder .
no , never . hope you saved the box because it 's a problem . amazon can and will help after you contact hp and arrange to send it back to them in ky. i did it so i know it works . call the hp customer service they will tell you how to proceed . they are great and will help . be patient it takes a little time to get it all process .
yes , i have both ... it works very well , actually .
the answer is no , no stapler .
it does well for a battery powered device , but is not as powerful when compared to a plug in model . it works very well for what it is and looks cool too . try it , you`ll like it !
i ca n't imagine why not . we have n't just because i grabbed regular batteries instead but i 'm sure we will eventually . the batteries we are using have lasted quite a while with steady use .
yes ! 4 rubber feet underneath . it 's not super sticky or anything so you do still want to hold it when you sharpen , but if you press down , it holds well to any solid surface while sharpening .
i have n't used it for liner or eyebrow pencils but you do have to hold the pencil down pretty hard for it to sharpen and i think that would mash the soft tip of a liner pencil . also , the liner would probably gunk up the blades and i do n't see a way to clean the blades with out ruining the unit . your best bet would to use a sharpener made for make up .
no . just normal sized pencils .
it 's about the size of a baseball or navel orange .
its states under `` technical details '' , that the weight is 5.6 ounces .
when i bought my pencils i researched and found the following : sharpen a few regular graphite pencils between times when you sharpen some prisma because prisma colored pencils have such a high wax content , they often get a build up in the sharpener and slow it down . by sharpening a graphite regular pencil sometimes it helps keep the build up to minimum and sharpener lasts longer . i would suggest getting a sharpener designed for prisma if you will use them exclusively .
yes . i have that model and it works for me . the ink is very light and it does not last long .
yes . we have the same printer . they work but might not last as long as the original cartridgw
alot , as many as my old $ 100 . office depot cartridges . been running on low toner warning for 3 weeks and it just keeps going as dark as allways . a great value .
yes , that is the machine i have and these work great with it . no problems !
hi cathy , i am using the cartridges in my canon mf4880dn without problems . not sure about your model . sorry ...
yes , it does . i have the same printer ( copier ) .
i do not know , not the type i have , sorry !
12 '' wide & 8 1 2 '' high . it 's really a nice box .
black and it 's a very nice hat box .
it holds one `` men 's '' derby bowler . i wear only hats from the 1800 's and my coachman hat also fits . both have several inches of space above , so if you can stack your hats , that would work . but i use on hat box per hat .
sorry was out of town7 1 2 tall 11 1 2 wide on inside
much sturdier , some kind of a cardboard-type material but better . i bought it to keep concho belts neatly stored .
is the box black with the crocodile material on the outside ? if yes then i will take it .
one toner cartridge & one drum ... ..
try the old toner and drum . do they work ? make sure you have pulled the strip that released the toner into the unit , some do not have that requirement . if none of that helped , maybe the laser failed or other electronics . could even be a software or driver issue , can you print a test page ?
the item is remanufactured using what appears to be original brother components . as advertised , it is not new or oem . i installed both parts a while ago and everything is working fine .
it is not a printer , it 's cuts exelant , and i 'm a pc user i do n't know about comparability with a mac
yes , it does . i just had to call customer support to request the plugin for illustrator . i believe it supports cs6 and below .
it is the cuantaty that you are printing and how much
i could not use this brand of 61 .
yea
the phone system has an intercom function that could be used for a `` paging `` system to a single handset .
no .
i use it with voip , but not at & t . ; however , i would think it should work fine .
no . you will interrupt line 1. you have to click line 2 to answer it if line one is being used .
it is new and comes with a limited warranty ; 1 yr from date of purchase ( with proof of purchase ) . coverage provided so long as the item has not been misused or used in a way for which it was not designed . if warranty service is needed it must be provided by an authorized at &t; warranty provider . replacement items will be covered by either a 90 day warranty or for the balance of the original warranty , whichever is longer .
yes they do have a headphone jack
yes , you can plug your headset into the side of the handsets ...
you are correct . it 's an excellent printer , but it does not have wireless .
yes but just starter cartridges . they are full size but only 25 % or so full . keep in mind , this ink goes a very long way .
as with all new printers it ships with starter cartridges
i believe you do need all cartridges to function but you can set it to print in greyscale only . i would recommend genuine hp ink for a printer of this cost you should use top grade.and there are settings that allow you to use very little black . also the black xl should yield about 9,000 pages
yes - it comes with starter toner for all colors . they are less page yield than the ones you buy later , but at least they start you with something . i can only speak for the x476dn .
it will scan to email .
this printer can print a photo , poorly . on a scale from 1 to 10 , 1 being the worst printer , and 10 being press quality , this printer rates 2-3. like a lot of inkjet printers , the contrast and tonal range on this thing is almost non-existent . set to `` professional '' print quality , this printer prints greys ( rgb 80,80,80 ) when it should be printing blacks . it also does a poor job of printing light tones , as you will get clipping going from almost white to white . this printer has a narrow tonal range . in laymen terms , any photo with brights and dark will look muddy and low contrast when printed from this printer . despite what some reviewers here would have you believe , changing ink and paper settings can not make the print look good , as the printer itself is n't capable of producing the proper tones . this printer can print a photo , poorly . on a scale from 1 to 10 , 1 being the worst printer , and 10 being press quality , this printer rates 2-3. like a lot of inkjet printers , the contrast and tonal range on this thing is almost non-existent . set to `` professional '' print quality , this printer prints greys ( rgb 80,80,80 ) when it should be printing blacks . it also does a poor job of printing light tones , as you will get clipping going from almost white to white . this printer has a narrow tonal range . in laymen terms , any photo with brights and dark will look muddy and low contrast ... » read more this printer can print a photo , poorly . on a scale from 1 to 10 , 1 being the worst printer , and 10 being press quality , this printer rates 2-3. like a lot of inkjet printers , the contrast and tonal range on this thing is almost non-existent . set to `` professional '' print quality , this printer prints greys ( rgb 80,80,80 ) when it should be printing blacks . it also does a poor job of printing light tones , as you will get clipping going from almost white to white . this printer has a narrow tonal range . in laymen terms , any photo with brights and dark will look muddy and low contrast when printed from this printer . despite what some reviewers here would have you believe , changing ink and paper settings can not make the print look good , as the printer itself is n't capable of producing the proper tones . « show less
i have not printed envelopes on this model as yet but tray 2 under the machine can be set to hold the envelopes in the middle of the tray & since it appears to work in a similar manner to my former 3500a officejet i have no doubt it will work . so far i have done letter ( single & double sided ) , legal ( single & double sided ) using tray 1 with has a side entry , as well as booklet using legal paper in tray 1. all printed without any issues & with a speed i used to just dream about . the 3500a was fast at over 30ppm but it slowed down a lot when doing double sided & could only do double sided with letter paper . this printer slows very little when you consider each sheet is 2 pages & does a great job . since the envelopes are a single sided process i will have to test that just to find out but i suspect they will print at nearly full speed as well . i also just purchased the $ 129 5 cartridge ink set from the other estore & have just run a few test sheets with the black cartridge , much larger than the startup cartridge included with the printer , & there seems to be no issues there , so far . time will tell but the price is worth the test . all in all , at this time , i could n't be happier with this printer & its performance . i paid $ 300 for the 3500a about 5 years ago & printed many times the pages recommended & have now paid , it finally failed , the same for this printer so am looking forward to at least 5 years of great performance . i have not printed envelopes on this model as yet but tray 2 under the machine can be set to hold the envelopes in the middle of the tray & since it appears to work in a similar manner to my former 3500a officejet i have no doubt it will work . so far i have done letter ( single & double sided ) , legal ( single & double sided ) using tray 1 with has a side entry , as well as booklet using legal paper in tray 1. all printed without any issues & with a speed i used to just dream about . the 3500a was fast at over 30ppm but it slowed down a lot when doing double sided & could only do double sided ... » read more i have not printed envelopes on this model as yet but tray 2 under the machine can be set to hold the envelopes in the middle of the tray & since it appears to work in a similar manner to my former 3500a officejet i have no doubt it will work . so far i have done letter ( single & double sided ) , legal ( single & double sided ) using tray 1 with has a side entry , as well as booklet using legal paper in tray 1. all printed without any issues & with a speed i used to just dream about . the 3500a was fast at over 30ppm but it slowed down a lot when doing double sided & could only do double sided with letter paper . this printer slows very little when you consider each sheet is 2 pages & does a great job . since the envelopes are a single sided process i will have to test that just to find out but i suspect they will print at nearly full speed as well . i also just purchased the $ 129 5 cartridge ink set from the other estore & have just run a few test sheets with the black cartridge , much larger than the startup cartridge included with the printer , & there seems to be no issues there , so far . time will tell but the price is worth the test . all in all , at this time , i could n't be happier with this printer & its performance . i paid $ 300 for the 3500a about 5 years ago & printed many times the pages recommended & have now paid , it finally failed , the same for this printer so am looking forward to at least 5 years of great performance . « show less
i have not had a problem with curled pages .
it depends on which model you purchase . the dn model supports ethernet but not wireless . to get built in wireless support you will need to buy the dw version .
this printer is not borderless ; 1 4 '' sounds about right . the oj pro 8600 series does borderless .
yes to all . i print from my iphone and ipad . love this printer . toner is easiest to install ever .
the starter color cartridges that come with it will last awhile if you only occasionally use color . i use it at my business , have had it for about 2 1 2 months , made a lot of copies , and have n't even approached the ink tanks having to be replaced . these are only the starter cartriges . i purchased an `` xl '' cartrige in black to replace the starter one when it ran out , looks like it will be about 6 months or so before i need to even think about it . the cartriges are not cheap but if they last well beyond what the starter ones do , they 're well worth it . print about 100 - 150 pages per day on average . the starter color cartridges that come with it will last awhile if you only occasionally use color . i use it at my business , have had it for about 2 1 2 months , made a lot of copies , and have n't even approached the ink tanks having to be replaced . these are only the starter cartriges . i purchased an `` xl '' cartrige in black to replace the starter one when it ran out , looks like it will be about 6 months or so before i need to even think about it . the cartriges are not cheap but if they last well beyond what the starter ones do , they 're well worth it . print about 100 - 150 pages per ... » read more the starter color cartridges that come with it will last awhile if you only occasionally use color . i use it at my business , have had it for about 2 1 2 months , made a lot of copies , and have n't even approached the ink tanks having to be replaced . these are only the starter cartriges . i purchased an `` xl '' cartrige in black to replace the starter one when it ran out , looks like it will be about 6 months or so before i need to even think about it . the cartriges are not cheap but if they last well beyond what the starter ones do , they 're well worth it . print about 100 - 150 pages per day on average . « show less
yes you can . i have several of my emails set up on this printer and scan to it all the time .
i have not used it , but i believe so , as it supports 2-sided scanning . this should be easy to determine from hps website.be aware , though , that 2-sided anything requires that paper go through the duplexer . this is no problem for printing , because you are using pristine paper . for scanning though if the paper has been folded or is dog-eared or very thin it is likely to jam the duplexer.if you need to copy originals like these , you need a *real* 2-sided scanner that does not need a duplexer .
i believe the answer is yes , provided you have the appropriate hp host scanning software installed .
yes , i tested this using the 50-sheet multi-purpose tray . you will need to adjust your margins accordingly as notebook paper is a non-standard size of 8 '' x 10.5 '' things to consider : lined notebook paper with pre-punched holes is more expensive than standard copy paper , is a lighter weight which might be more prone to jam in a printer and is a non-standard size.i purchased an inexpensive hole punch for binder needs and feel it is a better option .
that 's the only difference i noticed . this printer is fantastically fast . it is truly the best printer i have ever own or seen . you will love it , i am sure !
yes . as is common practice it comes with 'starter ' cartridges .
yes it does , this is a great printer , i own a business and have owned many printers over the year , this is by far the best machine we have ever owned .
the printer is flawless and uses ink very economically ; it is indeed worth the price to get the long-lasting cartridges which are ultimately more cost-effective than the usual ink-jets or color laser cartridges .
yes
it is ok. the printer overall is amazing , but i would say the scanner on it is probably the weakest feature . it works just fine , but it is much slower than a full industrial copier like you would find in a large office . it works for our needs , but if you scan to digital a lot ( a few hundred pages a day or more ) , you may wnat to keep looking . the adf is adequate , but not 5 stars . maybe 3.5 stars .
yes
this printer has sat for weeks at a time in my home office while i have been away . we have had no problems with ink drying out or any other issues .
yes . you can set up multiple emails in the printer as destinations , and select them from the menu as you scan . you can also setup multiple network folders , and select from those as you scan . the network folders could be tied to different people , projects , or in our case different clients . all of this can be done through the touchscreen on the printer itself , but is much easier through the printers browser-based management utility . that 's a powerful tool that is our primary way to control manage the printer . good luck !
it does duplex-it can do 2-to-1 , 1-to-2 , 2-to-2 ( no add ons or anything needed ) . it will also collate if you set it right via either print or copy ( i.e . each 20 page document is in order not 20 copies of page 1 then 20 of page 2 , etc . )
we have the strobe xp 100 and it only scans in black and white .
yes
right . it outputs the document file to the computer as well as getting power from it .
i use it for work receipts , but to use it daily would be cumbersome .
2to3seconds
not a clue ! returned it not compatible with mac
paperport 12
yes and yes . this is the third scanner i have owned and it 's great
sorry , no . it uses five # 564 cartridges , the three basic colors , a print black and a photo black .
place your photo on the glass and close the cover . choose scan from the menu , then choose where you want your scan to go ( you will need to set up your email if you want it to go there ) . next , pick if you want it to be a jpeg or pdf format , then follow the prompts on the screen . good luck .
very good !
yes
yes
it probably does but i do n't know for sure . i will say this , i will always use hp ink . i was in ipg , the printing division at hp and fully appreciate the engineering and technology that is inherent in all ink jet printers .
i never had that problem
yes even with windows 8
it is possible to do this , as i have been able to print from all my apple mobile products ( ipod touch , iphone , ipad ) to this printer . you will need to set this printer up with it connected to your printer initially . then once you have communicated your wireless network to the printer , you can disconnect it from you computer . you will also need an hp app for your apple mobile products .
yes , the 3056a has a usb 2.0 port on the back . however , it does n't come with a usb cable , you have to purchase that separately .
i do n't know . i 've never tried this with my printer .
download something like ican print , and it 's a yes .
do n't know . am using win 8 wireless function .
you can connect a pin pad , but i 'm not sure if it will work with pin from a different credit card machine . you should contact your merchant service company for the answer .
yes
it does not . in english only .
look im the inl cartridge see if it has 3 and 4 conectors what i am saying if it has 7 pins do you know what i mean of it dors it will work ill send you s pic too
i have no idea . but it did n't work at all for my epson stylus printer . a total waste for me .
phil , i really do not know . but i figure the chip resetter worked for my printer . just check if the chip resetter is c ompatible with your printer , it is very easy to understand and use . cheap very cheap it is worth the try and will save you lots of money . good luck .
sorry , i couldnt help you . i wound up just buying a new epson printer and got everything i needed from inkproducts.com
body is sealed . can not open without breaking . probably a button cell . after 3 years it still works great . do n't worry about the battery . you will probable lose it , before the thing dies . then you can carefully force it open and try to replace the battery for another 4 , 5 , or 6 years !
61 black and 61 color
no , it 's hard wired .
no
yes it is , i also have windows xp : )
it does ship with a print cartridge . it 's a starter cartridge and i 'll check and see if it says on the cartridge what the approximate yield is . anyway , it 's not high yield .
it does not come with wireless capability . it does have a wired ethernet port but no wifi .
this printer requires optional external wireless adaptor . i bought it for $ 50 . i just saw where it now costs $ 69 . the adaptor is in addition to the printer . great wireless printer if you buy the adaptor .
you need to get the right powder and you have to do it to the original toner cartridge before you use it .
using a usb cable
i would assume yes , but i do n't know . if you look at the specificationsit must tell you what operating systems are compatible .
you need to purchase for addition cost ( 49.95 sold by amazon ) a dell wireless network adapter .
yes you can . smooth envelopes like business envelopes . it will come with a guide book to show you how to access the menu to set up the process .
no its not
no this model will only do manual duplexing .
i have n't tried printing on photo paper , but it prints everything else perfectly .
it was very easy to configure and it does have to have a landline for the fax but you can email . i have found a better resaler for the toner though . dell wants $ 85 minimum for each toner ... ... 4 total . but you can get it through www.inktechnologies.com for $ 85 for all four . i have bought twice now from them and i have not ever had a problem . well worth the money .
it comes with four toner cartridges , 3 color and 1 black .
no it does not work with mac
it print on cds pretty good , for as long you use the oem ink . my previous canon printer head nozzles were damaged for using cheap non oem ink . i have printed about 83 cds and dvds without any problems .
door will open automatically when actually printing . you can open yourself at anytime . does not close automatically .
the actual printing is fine , and the printer is very efficient on ink . we use the printer only for dvd printing . the great challenge is with the software that comes with it for the dvd printing . the software is not very easy to use , is extremely slow and is also not very efficient in operation . we use it to print on dvds for our photography business and print up to 40-50 dvds a month . each time i want to change the dvd design i have to slowly reload images to a folder ( but not too many at one time ) and then slowly place them into a layout design . there are no options to make pictures smaller , which is a big inconvenience for us , but you can make them larger which does help . the software runs out of memory to print sometimes too ( but not computer memory , as i 'm on a fast 10gb memory 3.4ghz processor ) and will not allow it to print . a software restart is required then , which only sometimes solves the problem . basically , software is terrible and very outdated , but the print quality itself is rather wonderful . putting the dvd on the tray is rather easy too once you 're used to it . we use 'off-brand ' ink which works well , in case it helps . the actual printing is fine , and the printer is very efficient on ink . we use the printer only for dvd printing . the great challenge is with the software that comes with it for the dvd printing . the software is not very easy to use , is extremely slow and is also not very efficient in operation . we use it to print on dvds for our photography business and print up to 40-50 dvds a month . each time i want to change the dvd design i have to slowly reload images to a folder ( but not too many at one time ) and then slowly place them into a layout design . there are no options to make pictures ... » read more the actual printing is fine , and the printer is very efficient on ink . we use the printer only for dvd printing . the great challenge is with the software that comes with it for the dvd printing . the software is not very easy to use , is extremely slow and is also not very efficient in operation . we use it to print on dvds for our photography business and print up to 40-50 dvds a month . each time i want to change the dvd design i have to slowly reload images to a folder ( but not too many at one time ) and then slowly place them into a layout design . there are no options to make pictures smaller , which is a big inconvenience for us , but you can make them larger which does help . the software runs out of memory to print sometimes too ( but not computer memory , as i 'm on a fast 10gb memory 3.4ghz processor ) and will not allow it to print . a software restart is required then , which only sometimes solves the problem . basically , software is terrible and very outdated , but the print quality itself is rather wonderful . putting the dvd on the tray is rather easy too once you 're used to it . we use 'off-brand ' ink which works well , in case it helps . « show less
you should be able to print to any printer that has wireless and you can find a app driver to support . i do not have a kindle . if you check the support on amazon you can find help on printing . you can not print the books . you can print emails and the like . you will need to check the apps that handle the printing and see what printer they support . you should be able to find an app for printing that will support cannon printers .
if asking how much ink does it use , i am still on the same cartridges that came with the printer . i 've printed about 10 colored letter size sheets and 125 4x6 photos and the low ink alarm still has n't showed for any of the cartridges .
yes - i think that you can . the printer has two trays in front : the one for letter-sized paper , and a second tray for photo paper ( 5 '' x8 '' , 4 '' x6 '' , etc . ) . if it can print photo paper from the front tray i imagine it can print card stock too .
yes it does , not as full as a regular retail cartridge but it lasts a while .
yes this is an inkjet printer .
yes it does . the easy print software allows you to select an 8-1 2 x 11 sheet and then layout a series of pictures in quite a variety of ways . you can print multiple copies and multiple sizes on a single page .
this printer simply did not work .
no , you ca n't . i tried to print a 2 line notepad text file and a message came up saying that it could n't print unless all the cartridges were installed .
no . this was one of the disappointments as it makes printing to card stock impractical .
no scanning capability .
5
yes i am pretty sure it will . i have scanned pages in thick books with good results .
yes you can scan slides , 4 at a time
kathleen , i have no experience with the epson . however , i have had remarkable success with the 9000f including its predecessor , the 9050f . the resolution of scans can be changed to fit your needs . the 9000f does not print . it sends the scans to whichever photo program you designate on your computer . you can then correct any flaws , crop , adjust color , etc . with your photo program . hope this helps . fritz
the scanner itself is not the issue , but rather you must have some knowledge of scanning software . any scanning software that you like can be used with this . you can scan from photo software , video software etc . it has nothing to do with this particlular scanner . with any scanner that you buy , you will have to learn how to use scanning software .
the software the comes with the scanner does a very good job to get a fine scan . it depends what you want to do with your scans . if you want to print them , yes , use 300dpi tiff . if you want to see them on screens only , i 'd save them as 144 dpi jpeg . if you want to correct the images ( if some are too dark or light , or need color correction ) use a program like adobe elements or lightroom . i use photoshop , but im a professional , using these scans in printed publications . by the way , the scans from this scanner look beautiful .
to be honest , i ca n't tell if it 's acid-free . i 'm sorry this does n't answer your question , but to be safe ... i would have to say no ... i would ask the seller if i were you .
no it does n't come with one
i 'm so sorry but i do n't know . it is a small diary and we used it in a re enactment of a scientist . we placed it on the man 's night table . looked nice .
um i 'm sure you can but i have n't looked yet
ca n't say . is a very cool item .
in the u.s.a i believe . i know indiary in the united states , and researching online says many of their products are handmade in the u.s.a .
no
yes , mg 6320 is on the side of the box i purchased , hope this helps .
there are 22 ml in the xl cartridges and 15ml in the non-xl cartridges .
they are larger ink tanks .
i just checked this ink cartridge and under the three drop down menus the mx922 was n't even mentioned , so more than likely no . you need to find the cartridge for that printer and normally the software that comes with the printer sorts that out for you . if not , you need to check the printer compatibility of the cartridge
as i understand it , one is optimized for photo printing , and the other for printing on regular paper . john b .
yes , works beautifully ! my canon pixma is mx922 printer also !
not sure ; i use with my pixma6320
i 've never counted , but as someone who has owned hp printers in the past and now owns a canon , the canon printer cartridges print a whole lot more pages than the hp ever did .
yes
not really , it is best suited for reading on a desk or other hard surface .
6 '' by 8 '' but that does not include the book rest itself
sanded smooth and a light coat of poly , i would guess . it is certainly pretty and is lasting well .
this is extremely sturdy , so i would guess it could accommodate almost any book weight within reason . as for size of book , the back frame the book rests upon is approximately 8.5 inches , so safely , i would think any book less than 14in would probably be fine . however , please note that i use this for a laptop holder so i may use it as an additional monitor in which case it works awesome .
i believe that it will .
the grooves in which the metal support bar sits are pretty deep so i highly doubt it would be a problem but i would recommend buying a much cheaper bookstand if you are going to use it as just a laptop proper . i bought a wire stand under $ 10 on amazon and it works perfectly with my 15in macbook pro .
totally , i do it every day
i would call it 1 8 '' . great surface to write on , smooth with slight give ... .
i use a laptop with a mouse on the same pad every day and it is still perfect . no damage .
the harder of the two sides is up . soft side down . if the pen pokes through the paper then you know you got it wrong .
no . i have this on two desks and they have been there for about four months with no harm to the finish on the desks . hope this helps .
neither . slightly spongy
yes i believe it can be trimmed down .
it does glide freely
simple answer : no .
windex glass cleaner
send me your email address to bud [ at ] thekarakeys [ dot ] com , and i will email it to you .
it does not
no options like that that i 'm aware of .
to activate , click the trigger . on the small sheet with the barcodes , you can scan in what you 'd like it to read specifically ( upc ) etc by scanning one that says program . you can also change settings like the tone and the laser by scanning those settings . plug in the wireless receiver and scan .
i 've been able to do it from about a foot away . i have n't needed to do it any further .
it has a rechargeable battery that comes with the unit .
the tape is actually inside the machine and is a full size roll . i like this feature because it should protect it from dust and will probably extend printer life . there is also enough room i think for an extra roll . hope this helps
no , this is a very basic register .
this does n't create a journal tape . that 's a down side for me , however , it does give you a z report , that you do at the end of the day . for me that was great because i could see the cash transactions i had done for our shop that day . actually , it also would show the credit card , and check . if you enter the trans . properly . on the directions it tells you how to do a z batch report , and during the day , you can also do the x reports , which do not wipe the memory , but can give you a good idea of money taken in , etc . at first , i did n't trust the machine with the cash back on my cash sales . ( it will tell you how much due to cust . ) so i got to know my x reports well . and it is very easy to use . another idea , is that when you do a trans . if your customer does n't need the receipt , just keep the tape , and use that for the days , journal tape . hope this has helped . this does n't create a journal tape . that 's a down side for me , however , it does give you a z report , that you do at the end of the day . for me that was great because i could see the cash transactions i had done for our shop that day . actually , it also would show the credit card , and check . if you enter the trans . properly . on the directions it tells you how to do a z batch report , and during the day , you can also do the x reports , which do not wipe the memory , but can give you a good idea of money taken in , etc . at first , i did n't trust the machine with the cash back on my cash sales . ( it ... » read more this does n't create a journal tape . that 's a down side for me , however , it does give you a z report , that you do at the end of the day . for me that was great because i could see the cash transactions i had done for our shop that day . actually , it also would show the credit card , and check . if you enter the trans . properly . on the directions it tells you how to do a z batch report , and during the day , you can also do the x reports , which do not wipe the memory , but can give you a good idea of money taken in , etc . at first , i did n't trust the machine with the cash back on my cash sales . ( it will tell you how much due to cust . ) so i got to know my x reports well . and it is very easy to use . another idea , is that when you do a trans . if your customer does n't need the receipt , just keep the tape , and use that for the days , journal tape . hope this has helped . « show less
no , it must be plugged in . batteries are only for saving info .
standard 2 1 4 '' wide x 150 ' paper
yes , the ink cartridge is already installed and the unit came with a small roll of paper . i recommend using the small roll for learning and testing then switch to a full roll before using .
cloth
yes , it lays completely flat . it could probably be trimmed , but not look as nice after . it is an awesome mousepad . we have 2. a really large one for my husband and a medium smaller one for the kids .
i believe this one is the larger of the two measurements . i was taken aback by how large it was when it arrived . but i actually like it and am glad it is so big .
i use it with my microsoft optical mouse . it works really well . able to pick up very fine movements .
we have two of these mousepads and both of them are being used with the apple magic mouse . it works fantastically . my husband works with one 8 hours a day and loves it . he said he should have gotten it a long time ago because it is the best mousepad he has ever had . the other one is being used by my young children and it works great for them as well . my husband 's exact words were `` it works flawlessly . ''
the whole thing is just a big mousepad , same construction . rubber bottom with a cloth top .
yes , it is working fine for me with several `` laser mice '' .
15.75x12.60 its definitely larger than a 8x11 blank print paper sheet so ... yeah its the 15.75 '' ... .
absolutely .
yes . requires pushing a tab on the tray and the tray extends to the longer size .
yes , it is made by hp . you can also find info on the hp website .
yes .
i added this item to what was identified as an hp 8600. you simple seat the printer on top of the auxiliary tray and it was connected and recognized as `` tray 2 '' hp subsequently introduced a trio of products in this series : 8610 , 8620 and 8630. it looks like the second paper tray is standard with the 8630. look at the bottom of the 8610 to determine if there are contacts that would recognize the second paper tray .
8600 e-all in one 250 sheet
it should fit the entire 8600 series . i have it on a 8600 , and it works fine .
yes you can set it up to be the defult
yes . that is the model i have and it works well .
motor is still running strong , but the sharpening is not great . it takes at least double the time to really sharpen . i purchased in mid sept. and this has been happening since mid november . remember i have 21 fourth graders that use it constantly ! i would say it 's perfect for office home setting .
nope
when i use the ticonderoga pencils , yes it does . sharpens quickly into a long sharp point . but , when i use an off brand pencil they do not sharpen very well .
it seems to sharpen all pencils equally well . it is very quiet and quick
i am not sure . mine broke also . i tried to get in touch with the company and had zero response . i ended up buying an xcto school pro . i had one previously and it lasted several years through student use . i had purchased this one because it said it had a 10 year warranty and it was cheaper at the time , but it certainly did n't help .
the point is very sharp and it is a good length . i sharpen my students pencils once a day . the point lasts the whole day , unless it is broken off . i really like this pencil sharpener .
box it and return it . it is still under warranty .
very quick ! it has great power . i have a large family and it gets used regularly . i have had it since christmas 2013 and is still working great .
no , it is only wired for 110 volts
there is no best before date . have n't opened mine yet , but see no reason that they should be any different than the singles in the store
i do n't see setup on any of my cartridges .
red river paper has done several tests . here are the results for a pixma pro 100. http : www.redrivercatalog.com cost-of-inkjet-printing-canon-pro-100.html
yes no problem
your best bet is to call canon c s ! i have used this ink for over a year..expensive but good ...
this dye-based ink is much better than pigment-based inks . i 've let mine sit 2 months without issue .
the ones come with the printer are only 1 3-1 2 full . these ones are completely full .
each ink packaging comes seal as the original ones . i 've ordered twice from them and i always get genuine cannon i have compared the csnnon ones with this ones and they are exactly the same !
it is eight ( 8 ) individual cartridges -- 1 of each color -- when i bought it was cheaper than buying 8 individual ctgs separately -- i have had pro-100 for a while and replaced all the ctgs at least once -- hope this helps
yes
i did n't remove them and they work fine . if you are not comfortable with this answer , contact the folks you purchased from , they should be helpful with the correct answer ... if there is one ! have a great day ... r kmw
yes , they do just like the oem versions .
i have the wireless 8500 , works fine .
yes
the locker does not have legs . it sits on the bottom frame .
a little bit ... .you just have to follow directions because if you `` wing it '' , you can easily put it together wrong . you do n't need a bunch of tools ... just follow the directions closely . they are very nice , once assembled . good choice for the money !
there are hooks that are included that allow you to hang things inside . my son loves his locker !
http : www.amazon.com review r2fhkaz7ofl4e3 ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm ? ie=utf8 &asin; =b00apega4gupdate : instead , i got this brother to work with some effort : brother ds-720d mobile duplex color page scannermy review and how i did is here : http : www.amazon.com review r3twsvkx52bfj9 ref=cm_cr_pr_perm ? ie=utf8 &asin; =b00ekw8uem
i use it only on my desktop or notebook . it need to be connected to a computer for scanning . it does n't have built-in battery for operation . it does n't require separate extra power connection . the usb connection to computer provide both power and data .
that is correct .
you need a pc or mac .
the only issue i have is that after a couple of scans , there appears a perpendicular line across all images and the scanner does n't come the any means to clean the lens . other then that , i have no issues with the scanner .
according to the canon support site , it is supported on winxp , win vista and win7 . the downloads section does list a driver for win8 8.1.src : http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products scanners document_scanners imageformula_p_208_scan_tini_personal_document_scanner
adeline , it does n't print . it scans and creates an adobe .pdf file from the scanned input . you can scan multiple pages and create a single .pdf . if necessary , you can then print the .pdf on a portable printer.if you want a small portable printer to go with this , i would recommend the hp officejet 100 mobile printer . you can currently buy one on amazon for $ 200.95 . the two of these with cables fit nicely into most laptop cases.i would avoid the hp officejet 150. it combines a printer and scanner and sells on amazon for $ 442.77 . i bought one of these and found the scanner does not work in windows 8. i spent hours with hp trying to resolve the problem to no avail . so , now i only use the printer side of it ; for $ 240 more than the printer-only model . adeline , it does n't print . it scans and creates an adobe .pdf file from the scanned input . you can scan multiple pages and create a single .pdf . if necessary , you can then print the .pdf on a portable printer.if you want a small portable printer to go with this , i would recommend the hp officejet 100 mobile printer . you can currently buy one on amazon for $ 200.95 . the two of these with cables fit nicely into most laptop cases.i would avoid the hp officejet 150. it combines a printer and scanner and sells on amazon for $ 442.77 . i bought one of these and ... » read more adeline , it does n't print . it scans and creates an adobe .pdf file from the scanned input . you can scan multiple pages and create a single .pdf . if necessary , you can then print the .pdf on a portable printer.if you want a small portable printer to go with this , i would recommend the hp officejet 100 mobile printer . you can currently buy one on amazon for $ 200.95 . the two of these with cables fit nicely into most laptop cases.i would avoid the hp officejet 150. it combines a printer and scanner and sells on amazon for $ 442.77 . i bought one of these and found the scanner does not work in windows 8. i spent hours with hp trying to resolve the problem to no avail . so , now i only use the printer side of it ; for $ 240 more than the printer-only model . « show less
i do n't recall , and doubt it . but our first one lasted 4 1 2 years , until it was damaged when we moved our store ( not a defect of the sign ) . the current one has been in daily use for 1 1 2 years .
the hanging chains are supplied with rings on the ends . we do n't remember whether hooks were included ; ours is on hooks we already had .
the outer dimensions are 23 '' long by 14 '' high . the oval `` open '' sign when lit is about half an each less at top , bottom and sides .
all the same board . chain or suction cups .
you will need to plug it in a 110 outlet .
the red `` open '' word is always steady . the blue oval around it can either blink or remain steady ( setting a or b on the remote ) .
i use this outside & it is very visible . since mine is installed outside , i built a box for it to sit in . i screwed the box to the building & made a plexi glass cover for it . if your handy , i recommend it .
not really . the pull cord is on the bottom . you could operate it only with the remote but not sure how flat it will sit with that pull cord there
on the hp refurbished cartridges , i can tell you that it appears as a `` brand new '' cartridge , which when removed from the air tight plastic wrap , one can see a `` chip '' within the plastic cartridges . also , i am able to say that these cartridges work magnificently well . i am quite pleased .
i normally use them before they expire . but i can say that printer will not know the ink levels with these cartridges .
after turning the printer completely off then back on with the replacement cartridges in place , my printer worked fine .
mine never worked . it would not even turn on . i returned it . brookstone was supposed to replace it but instead sent me a gift card .
do n't know why it would n't .
you need to but the extra dock so that it will fit the ipad mini , but otherwise , it works fine .
i believe this is bluetooth - nope it uses the 30 pin connector
im not sure because my wife as soon as she got it made me sent it back ! she realized that we did not really have the need for it ! she knows more then me about the product and is not around right now to answer the question .
keep the transmitter in 1 secure location , as a base . and after use , put it back in the base . the transmitter will find your color coded tag when pressing the color coded tag .
not in my opinion
it worked throughout my 1000 sq foot apartment , even through walls and closed doors , but mine only lasted 3months before it died . just a heads up .
it is a cr2032 3v battery . it is the same size as the ones you get for a car truck fob ( fob is the remote you use to unlock your doors on your car truck ) and the battery can be gotten locally . keep this number because it is not marked on the remote and if your battery is lost the number is not listed online .
not with this device . it worked okay for the first few months , but then the buzzers would just go off at random , and sometimes you would have to take the battery out to get it to stop buzzing . plus , the sound emitted was not loud enough for a person who is hard of hearing to hear . would not recommend this to others .
the fobs take cr2032 3v lithium button cell batteries which are included . not sure about the base .
ours started malfunctioning and going off by itself . we had to take the battery out to get it to stop .
common battery , similar to ones that power your car door opener lock .
it is soft leather but not the greatest quality . for the price this is nice but if you are looking for nice leather i would look elswhere .
rivetted
mine has no zipper . it lays flat very nicely . the leather is great , the three rings work well and the pocket is nice . it seems to be wearing extremely well .
no . putting anything more that a few papers in the left-side interior pocket would do damage to the leather and the structure of the folio .
one inch
i use avery sheet protectors all the time , and they do not show .
it 's closer to 1.5 '' with the padding & cover .
yes , i use it for weddings , funerals , and counseling
fits my iphone 5 , but i would n't recommend it for cellphones . i actually use it to hold multiple pens ... still love the case though !
nope ... only letter size . i just bought one for my son .
measure it at approx 1 '' thick
not real hard or soft , i used super glue to attach a hard clip board to the pad side . it works great .
the two portfolios that i have are not the ones with a binder . i 'm sure how you would insert a calendar refill behind the pad , i guess it could be done but each time you want to see what day it is you have to lift the notepad . hope this helps
polyurethane leather ( man made ) it looks much shinier than real leather .
we have no experience with that , sorry
yes ... use the batch button for it to stop on 100
yes i can be turned off
no . you need to separate in denomination values , enter the denomination value after you press the val button . we have had ours now for a long time and are satisfied with the results . i understand the machines that the banks use are near $ 2,000 and they will count each denomination as they are entered in a group . this does not , but it is a great time saver .
it is about 20lbs- not exactly portabledoes a great job of counting ( the same denomination bills ) but that is not bad considering the price
yes
i , do n't now because the my not work .
the xl refers to the yield of the ink cartridge . pgi 250xl is a high yield cartridge vs pgi 250 being a standard yield cartridge . i hope that helps .
no ! i was very disappointed !
it says 22 ml on the box .
i have an mx922 and this is what i bought for it . works fine for me .
yes , just google for canon mg7120 ink cartridges . the first returned non-ad result is http : shop.usa.canon.com shop en catalog canon-pixma-mg7120-compatible-inksand that shows all ink cartridges that are compatible .
according to canon 's web site , yes ! http : www.usa.canon.com cusa support consumer printers_multifunction pixma_mg_series pixma_mg6320 # suppliesandaccessories
it 's both !
yes is all included just hook up and program to comp .
yes very easy to download from the website .
the cost per page runs between 3 and 7 cents . it depends if you print in draft mode it is about 3 cents . in standard mode around five cents , and in high quality mode around 7 cents per copy . when you print in color in standard or high quality on photos the cost can go as high as 12 cents . it also depends if you are using genuine cannon ink or compatible cartridges . these figures are based on a 8 and a half by 11 sheet of paper with full text on the whole page . this also is based on color photos on a 8 and a half by 11 inch sheet of paper with the photo covering the whole sheet of paper .
yes , you can place images on the glass screen
yes
my son has a mac book air and it works fine , so there is no reason that i can see why a mac book pro would not work with this printer .
it 's 18 inches wide by 15 inches deep by 8 inches high . when the paper `` tray '' is extended , it adds 11 inches to the depth .
yes it will ! just do n't remove the empty tank . leave both tanks in order for this to work . first you need to go to the control panel and select hardware and devices , right click on your mx522 printer . you should see a drop down menu . you will then select printing preferences . then a box will appears with tabs at the top you will select the maintenance tab . then click on ink cartridge settings . it will give you a choice to print with whatever ink tank you choose . then just hit ok and then close out the boxes . not to worry it will not change any setting other than which tank you want to print from . but remember when you do want to add new ink just make sure to go back and change the setting for your printer to print with color again . hopefully this will help you out . yes it will ! just do n't remove the empty tank . leave both tanks in order for this to work . first you need to go to the control panel and select hardware and devices , right click on your mx522 printer . you should see a drop down menu . you will then select printing preferences . then a box will appears with tabs at the top you will select the maintenance tab . then click on ink cartridge settings . it will give you a choice to print with whatever ink tank you choose . then just hit ok and then close out the boxes . not to worry it will not change any setting other than which tank you want to print ... » read more yes it will ! just do n't remove the empty tank . leave both tanks in order for this to work . first you need to go to the control panel and select hardware and devices , right click on your mx522 printer . you should see a drop down menu . you will then select printing preferences . then a box will appears with tabs at the top you will select the maintenance tab . then click on ink cartridge settings . it will give you a choice to print with whatever ink tank you choose . then just hit ok and then close out the boxes . not to worry it will not change any setting other than which tank you want to print from . but remember when you do want to add new ink just make sure to go back and change the setting for your printer to print with color again . hopefully this will help you out . « show less
mary , sorry for the late response . i looked at the other responses and there may be some confusion here . you asked about internet connections and the answers were mostly related to the actual printer connection . what follows are answers to both questions:1 ) to use the printer , you do not need to be connected to the internet . the printer includes a cd with all of the software needed to operate the printer . software updates would have to be accomplished via an internet connection however.2 ) connecting the printer to your computer can be accomplished via either a ) usb ( direct connection between computer and printer ) , b ) wired network ( through your network router or switch ) or c ) wifi ( through your wireless access point or wireless router . ) one feature i liked on this printer is that is does have a wired network connection . many printers have wireless built-in but no wired connection and i am not a fan of wireless.hope this helps.thanks , david mary , sorry for the late response . i looked at the other responses and there may be some confusion here . you asked about internet connections and the answers were mostly related to the actual printer connection . what follows are answers to both questions:1 ) to use the printer , you do not need to be connected to the internet . the printer includes a cd with all of the software needed to operate the printer . software updates would have to be accomplished via an internet connection however.2 ) connecting the printer to your computer can be accomplished via ... » read more mary , sorry for the late response . i looked at the other responses and there may be some confusion here . you asked about internet connections and the answers were mostly related to the actual printer connection . what follows are answers to both questions:1 ) to use the printer , you do not need to be connected to the internet . the printer includes a cd with all of the software needed to operate the printer . software updates would have to be accomplished via an internet connection however.2 ) connecting the printer to your computer can be accomplished via either a ) usb ( direct connection between computer and printer ) , b ) wired network ( through your network router or switch ) or c ) wifi ( through your wireless access point or wireless router . ) one feature i liked on this printer is that is does have a wired network connection . many printers have wireless built-in but no wired connection and i am not a fan of wireless.hope this helps.thanks , david « show less
hello , yes it does . contents : mx522 , power cord , ink cartridges , setup cd-rom , tel line cable , manuals and oth docs .
yes , i have a pc that has windows 7 and i have not had any problems printing on it !
no fee ! it uses your google voice number . the only cost is the price of the adapter .
we have a v-tech cordless phone for ours
no .
no charge for the app .
there is no way anyone including myself can answer if it will work with something not even created yet ; however , i am running windows 8.1 and it works fine with that os .
according to their website , gvmate will not be affected by google 's termination of xmpp support . but it is a usb adapter that needs to be plugged into a 24 7 running pc . http : www.gvmate.com hope this helps
gvmate uses google voice . i checked the google voice to see if it could be done . it can be done . see here : https : support.google.com voice answer 1065667 ? hl=en it does cost us $ 20 it appears . i have not done it . it just appears that it can be done . it could get interesting if google voice changes their terms of service sometime in the future . ( right now the service is free inside the us . ) hth .
yes . your pc is doing all the processing for google voice . the gvmate is just an interface to a plain old telephone set . with the gvmate software , a user must also be logged in to the desktop .
the latest version of this calculator uses a single lithium rechargeable via a standard usb connector to charge it . however the owner manual for this calculator depicts 4 , aaa batteries along with a cr2032 for backup . the newer model though only sports that one lithium . if the one you have or intend to have still uses the legacy battery system for this entire ti programmable line you should use aaa lithium 's rather than alkaline . do n't use ni-cad or ni-mh . finally , the single lithium rechargeable lasts a long time ... and the calculator even sports a battery monitor . personally this is the battery system i 'd be looking for and not the legacy type . the latest version of this calculator uses a single lithium rechargeable via a standard usb connector to charge it . however the owner manual for this calculator depicts 4 , aaa batteries along with a cr2032 for backup . the newer model though only sports that one lithium . if the one you have or intend to have still uses the legacy battery system for this entire ti programmable line you should use aaa lithium 's rather than alkaline . do n't use ni-cad or ni-mh . finally , the single lithium rechargeable lasts a long time ... and the calculator even sports a battery monitor . personally this is the ... » read more the latest version of this calculator uses a single lithium rechargeable via a standard usb connector to charge it . however the owner manual for this calculator depicts 4 , aaa batteries along with a cr2032 for backup . the newer model though only sports that one lithium . if the one you have or intend to have still uses the legacy battery system for this entire ti programmable line you should use aaa lithium 's rather than alkaline . do n't use ni-cad or ni-mh . finally , the single lithium rechargeable lasts a long time ... and the calculator even sports a battery monitor . personally this is the battery system i 'd be looking for and not the legacy type . « show less
no , i lost the charger cleaning out my room . thank you for bringing it up , i will change the ad .
there are no preloaded apps .
well , if you shop around at the same places it really does n't sell for less in the real market , it sells for about the same , but the main reason , just like why the ti-83 sells for way above what it should be selling for considering the software is like 10 yrs old or even older , is that ti has their foot planted solidly in the college market , which in my opinion is really corrupt , because these colleges only use the ti 's in the math classes , you can use other graphing calc 's like casio , which are just as good , but the schools do n't support or give instructions using these other calcs , which they should be , talk about corrupt , wow . the ti-84-c calc is the same as the silver except it has a color screen which is really nice , now do n't get me wrong , this ti is nice , and i like it , and this is the calc that you can get all the programming info off the web to program it , the casio fx cg10 is every bit as nice if not nicer ( a few extra 's on it , and also a color screen ) and priced at the same if not cheaper , which you can also use in the colleges , so if you understand calculators you 'd be fine buying one of the casio 's , either way , they 're both great , and i have the three of the casio 's calc 's and three of the ti 's , i kind of collect them , i guess , like a golfer collects golf clubs ... ... ... ... .lol . i even have the hp calc , but you really do n't want to buy this calc for school , it 's all business and you really do have to fully understand graphing calculators to use the hp graphing calc . well , if you shop around at the same places it really does n't sell for less in the real market , it sells for about the same , but the main reason , just like why the ti-83 sells for way above what it should be selling for considering the software is like 10 yrs old or even older , is that ti has their foot planted solidly in the college market , which in my opinion is really corrupt , because these colleges only use the ti 's in the math classes , you can use other graphing calc 's like casio , which are just as good , but the schools do n't support or give instructions using these other calcs , which ... » read more well , if you shop around at the same places it really does n't sell for less in the real market , it sells for about the same , but the main reason , just like why the ti-83 sells for way above what it should be selling for considering the software is like 10 yrs old or even older , is that ti has their foot planted solidly in the college market , which in my opinion is really corrupt , because these colleges only use the ti 's in the math classes , you can use other graphing calc 's like casio , which are just as good , but the schools do n't support or give instructions using these other calcs , which they should be , talk about corrupt , wow . the ti-84-c calc is the same as the silver except it has a color screen which is really nice , now do n't get me wrong , this ti is nice , and i like it , and this is the calc that you can get all the programming info off the web to program it , the casio fx cg10 is every bit as nice if not nicer ( a few extra 's on it , and also a color screen ) and priced at the same if not cheaper , which you can also use in the colleges , so if you understand calculators you 'd be fine buying one of the casio 's , either way , they 're both great , and i have the three of the casio 's calc 's and three of the ti 's , i kind of collect them , i guess , like a golfer collects golf clubs ... ... ... ... .lol . i even have the hp calc , but you really do n't want to buy this calc for school , it 's all business and you really do have to fully understand graphing calculators to use the hp graphing calc . « show less
yes .
there are actually three versions : ti-84 plus , ti-84 plus silver edition , and ti-84 plus c silver edition . the plus c se is the one on this page . ti-84 plus se is better than the original ( and antiquated ) ti-84 plus in that it has more onboard memory . additionally , i believe it has math print ( newer formatting ) as well as customizable plates . the ti-84 plus c se adds a higher-resolution color display to the ti-84 plus se . this allows more information and detail to be shown on the screen . plus , graphs have different colors as opposed to black and green on the others . it 's also rechargeable , so no more replacing the aa batteries.if you can get a good deal , go for the plus c ... i have it and it 's an excellent calculator . otherwise , the ti-84 plus se is just as good . i would n't recommend the original ti-84 plus , though . there are actually three versions : ti-84 plus , ti-84 plus silver edition , and ti-84 plus c silver edition . the plus c se is the one on this page . ti-84 plus se is better than the original ( and antiquated ) ti-84 plus in that it has more onboard memory . additionally , i believe it has math print ( newer formatting ) as well as customizable plates . the ti-84 plus c se adds a higher-resolution color display to the ti-84 plus se . this allows more information and detail to be shown on the screen . plus , graphs have different colors as opposed to black and green on the others . it 's also rechargeable , ... » read more there are actually three versions : ti-84 plus , ti-84 plus silver edition , and ti-84 plus c silver edition . the plus c se is the one on this page . ti-84 plus se is better than the original ( and antiquated ) ti-84 plus in that it has more onboard memory . additionally , i believe it has math print ( newer formatting ) as well as customizable plates . the ti-84 plus c se adds a higher-resolution color display to the ti-84 plus se . this allows more information and detail to be shown on the screen . plus , graphs have different colors as opposed to black and green on the others . it 's also rechargeable , so no more replacing the aa batteries.if you can get a good deal , go for the plus c ... i have it and it 's an excellent calculator . otherwise , the ti-84 plus se is just as good . i would n't recommend the original ti-84 plus , though . « show less
less frustration ?
i 've never had that problem . i typically only had to charge it every few weeks , and even when it dies it turns right back on .
this unit recharges , although i have n't actually tested the amount of usuage per charge , i will say it appears to be quite adequate , it seems to last for a very ample amount of time , and i have no issues with it at all . now if you mean how long does the actual battery itself last , well , i have n't had the unit very long , but i 'm feel very positive that the actual battery will last for many many years . i really do highly recommend this unit .
i think the sim card has to be that of your service provider and you need to call whoever you choose as your service provider to activate it . in my case , my sim card was provided by at & t and i called them to set up monthly service for my phone . they sent me a special device to connect my phone to and convert this land-line phone to wireless service . good luck !
yes you can change menu language . there are english , español and chinese in d menu . there is no option for updating language list .
yes , it is unlocked . therefore can be use with any carrier that supports gsm .
hi larrie , i am not sure what the power rating is as i bought this phone for a friend of mine who lives in jamaica . so far , he has not have any problem with it on the gsm network in jamaica .
3g , unlocked . use any sim
it uses a standard , full-size sim card .
i bought this for my parents so i am not looking at the phone right now.that being said , on page 5 of the owners manual about call logs ( both dialed and received ) `` the screen will display the ... calls ' information , including date , duration , time , and phone number or name of the person . '' this part may be important for you , `` last 10 calls can be viewed '' . so if you are looking for beyond the last 10 calls , the information will not be there.hope this helps .
there 's an individual who reviewed the tagging gun and included great instructions in his her review . search for it and you should be tagging in about 30 seconds flat !
no but it 's easy to use . it comes ready to use . all you need to do is put in a the cartridges . i do n't suggest using it on t-shirts the needle is too thick and leaves a hole on t-shirts .
it comes out when you squeeze it . unfortunately , the needle did not have a sharp point , and i ended up purchasing another one that came with five sharply pointed needles .
i got mine in 2 days . no instructions though .
mine came with them . it did not come with instructions , however ...
no instructions came with mine , either . i used youtube , and searched for `` how to use a tagging gun . '' it 's pretty simple after you see someone else use it , lol ! good luck !
yes . i ordered two and both of mine came with needles .
it 's made in china
all hardware ( except ipad ) included . software included , 1 month free after that $ 40 to $ 60 month .
it 's a wire that goes from the back of the printer to the undercarriage of the register .
yes and still problem i ca n't use it and i do n't know how download the application and i do n't have password or id
yes all the cables are included . the ipad connects through wifi to the system .
it works really good with wifi . a few things to consider when buying . make sure that your receipt printers are equipped for wifi , if not they will require a wifi adapter which takes up space . i would also make sure that if you are using the newer ipads that your ncr system comes equipped with the micro readers for those ipads . ncr silver customer service will help with this .
appox . 8x10 with pockets for each month . it does get bulky by the end of the year but i really liked it .
two columns of 13 1 2 lines to the start of the pocket .
one page with two columns to record payments
the pages are labeled by month and there are no blank pages .
yes . this scanner will handle a stack of varying-sized pages well , including business cards . this scanner handles individual pages , not bound or stapled documents . folded documents require the use of a special carrier that feeds a single scan at a time .
yes . it does . you can save as .jpg or .pdf and also set scan resolution to 150,200,300 or 600 dpi for color photos . up to 1200 for b & w . ;
it handles thing paper intermingled very well . if it does jam , which is rarely it 's super simple to remove the jam . we 've had old school onion paper go through it without a hitch .
i use mine for scanning on my net work .
yes , it does recognize hadnwriting . i scan handwritten notes to a pdf file sucessfully .
you can change the default save section.i prefer to use the default and then move them to the folder that i want them in.what really makes this scanner a true deal is that it comes with adobe acrobat 11 , not the plus version . that alone is $ 299.00 from adobe site.after i scan a file i load it into acrobat and run the ocr function . this makes the pdf file ocr searchable in adobe reader.how many times have i opened a pdf file in acrobat reader and press control f keys , enter a word '' only to get `` word not found '' and the word is starring me in my face ? the ocr function will work on older pdf files too . that even amazed me.adobe also sends you emails that help educate you too.the scanner will scan 40 pages per minute on both sides ! it folds up really small too . the usb 3.0 runs really fast too.my only complaint is that it is not net workable.plus adobe will only let you install acrobat on 1 pc.the default scan software can be installed on more than 1 pc.if you plan on using the ocr function in acrobat a lot install it on a 4 core cpu . it takes some serious horse power to do the ocr routine.i personally love this scanner . it is the 1st time i have purchased a fujitsu product and am seriously impressed . you can change the default save section.i prefer to use the default and then move them to the folder that i want them in.what really makes this scanner a true deal is that it comes with adobe acrobat 11 , not the plus version . that alone is $ 299.00 from adobe site.after i scan a file i load it into acrobat and run the ocr function . this makes the pdf file ocr searchable in adobe reader.how many times have i opened a pdf file in acrobat reader and press control f keys , enter a word '' only to get `` word not found '' and the word is ... » read more you can change the default save section.i prefer to use the default and then move them to the folder that i want them in.what really makes this scanner a true deal is that it comes with adobe acrobat 11 , not the plus version . that alone is $ 299.00 from adobe site.after i scan a file i load it into acrobat and run the ocr function . this makes the pdf file ocr searchable in adobe reader.how many times have i opened a pdf file in acrobat reader and press control f keys , enter a word '' only to get `` word not found '' and the word is starring me in my face ? the ocr function will work on older pdf files too . that even amazed me.adobe also sends you emails that help educate you too.the scanner will scan 40 pages per minute on both sides ! it folds up really small too . the usb 3.0 runs really fast too.my only complaint is that it is not net workable.plus adobe will only let you install acrobat on 1 pc.the default scan software can be installed on more than 1 pc.if you plan on using the ocr function in acrobat a lot install it on a 4 core cpu . it takes some serious horse power to do the ocr routine.i personally love this scanner . it is the 1st time i have purchased a fujitsu product and am seriously impressed . « show less
i think it is worth it if you are going to do a lot of scanning where you want to try to organize it all . if you are just doing one-off scanning , i would say no .
document size : normal mode without carrier sheet : a4 , a5 , a6 , b5 , b6 , business card , post card , letter , legal and custom size.max : 216 mm x 360 mm ( 8.5 in . x 14.17 in . ) , min : 50.8 mm x 50.8 mm ( 2 in . x 2 in . ) .automatically recognizes document size.normal mode with carrier sheet ( 3 ) use of a carrier sheet permits the scanning of a3 , b4 , 279.4 mm x 431.8 mm ( 11 in . x 17 in . ) and photographs as well as the document sizes listed above.long paper scanning ( 3 ) ( 4 ) 863mm ( 34 in . )
it recognizes texts but not other features such as underlining
it works okay , sometimes the text can get garbled as you move towards the spine of bound documents . overall , it is pretty reliable for compiling excerpts of documents .
no idea . i have never used penpower ez-go jr
it does have a battery , which provides more flexibility in use , but it can not work independently of a computer .
sorry i only tried it on windows
in theory , yes . in practice , no . it is not reliable .
this pen operates only while connected to a computer ( bluetooth or usb ) . it will not work without one .
i did n't know it could do that . it takes a little practice to get it right , too . not sure if a disability would rule that out , but i 'd think so . i 'd try http : www.makeuseof.com tag how-to-make-your-own-audiobooks with a text to speech program . download the book from project gutenburg ( or whereever ) and make your own audiobook
this pen is orrible . dont ' buy .
65 lbs
what do you need to know ?
each box would have approx 1.9 cubic ft of space . the total cubic ft combined for the full 20 boxes with this purchase would provide for approx 38 cubic ft of packing .
the boxes would be corrugated single wall measuring approx 1 8 '' in the wall thickness for each side of the box .
color printing and scanning is all i use it for . i believe it has a fax feature as well however i have never used that .
yes . a cord is included .
i am not sure , i not currently have that version
4 - black , yellow , blue and pink
dear scott yes it is compatible with windows 8 and we r happy to sell u u can find a good price from us
the wireless laser apple mouse did not work on the desk pad . the cursor made a few random jerky moves and then stopped moving at all .
i have a keyboard stand & a wireless mouse so i do n't use the desk pad with my mouse . i did try it for you and it seems ok .
yes
if something warm is put on it like a just poured cup of coffee , it will not harm the mat . i do not know how the mat would react if you were to place something that is very hot that came out of the mircowave or an oven since i have n't done that .
yes . mine is on wood laminate and it is just fine !
it does have a nice smooth edge . i suppose you would be able to cut it with household scissors but i do n't know how the edges would feel after that . there is another shown that is 17 x 22
i have not experienced the pad slipping around on my desk . i imagine it would depend on what material the surface of the desk is made out of . mine is real wood ( not pressed ) .
i do n't know , but i would think so and they are great pads !
this product is shiny and does reflect
yes
all lps will fit inside the box . the walls are thin and i have no issues with lps fitting .
yes .
i fit 100 in the box .
cardboard .
the manufacturer of this item confirmed that the assembled chest measures 9.5 '' x 8 '' x 8.5 '' high .
yes .
for a kindergarten class of 28 kids , perfect size . i put erasers , pencils , stickers , pirate gold coins , and several other goodies . i would not want it much bigger . i would put it in comparison to the size of a 2 gallon gas can . hope this helps .
no . it is made out of cardboard heavy paper .
the equipment i purchased - and it is working without issue:4 sawgrass sublijet r ricoh sg3110 dn cartridges - black , magenta , cyan , yellow f r e e shipping by sawgrass technologies ricoh 405750 aficio sg 3110dn geljet color and b w printer by ricoh
it should say so on the package . make sure you get the right one
sry was n't printing shirts print cases , but it lasted for about 90days
why are you asking this ?
these appear to be regular medical syringes and needles ( albeit non-sterile and not approved for medical purposes ) . if so the syringe tips and hubs are standardized and should fit each other regardless of syringe volume or needle gauge .
around 14 mm
it 's about a 16 gauge needle . there are differences among manufacturers , so hopefully they 'll respond with an accurate answer . you can find needle gauge charts on the internet .
yes it does . if you look on canon 's site it 's listed as you have it : pgi -255xxl
i like the pgi-255 xxl so it does n't run out at an inopportune time . i have not done a cost analysis . convenience is very important to me when i am printing important documents
the pgi-255xxl is physically wider than the pgi-250xl . i have the canon ix6820 , which can accommodate the wider cartridge . in looking at the canon site , it would appear that your mg6320 would not . i hope this helps .
the bottles are labeled 65 grams .
its working great , i love it
i used a toner tap refill kit in a starter cartridge for a samsung ml-2165w and would recommend not pouring all of the toner into the cartridge . i would only put about 75 % of the toner in the cartridge regardless of whether you are refilling a starter or regular cartridge . there will be residual toner in the cartridge and if you try to put all of the bottle 's contents you 'll probably overflow it and create a mess . you could add the rest of the toner after you have printed a few 100 pages .
do not buy ... that is not working clearly ... .
a reset chip is required for each refill . no upgraded downgraded firmware was required . i have never upgraded my firmware since purchasing the printer 2 years ago and the kit worked fine . just do n't try to put all of the toner in or you may ovrrfill the cartridge and make a mess . i suggest stopping after 3 4 's of the supplied toner has been loaded into the cartridge .
im not sure cause i have samsung laser printer .
it 's in traditional chinese .
no handwriting . but you can type the word with other input method .
both
yes
yes , we do have a physical store in brooklyn , new york .
i received complete supplies and instructions with my cabinet - which is beautiful . if i were you , i 'd call amazon , or someone , and have them fax mail me the instructions . i would n't try to put it together myself without them .
it is made of medium density fiber ( mdf ) wood with lacquer . the one i put together is in our conference room . it went together fine , works and looks good .
see no reason why you could n't paint it ... depends on what type of paint but i would probably fine sand it first . i did n't really notice an odor beside new furniture smell .
hello , this cabinet is a solid white , it is not distressed .
very specifically . the bottom cabinet is 14-1 2 inches wide . where the shelf is , the ledge extends out to 15 inches wide . then the top cabinet goes back in to 14.5 inches wide . at the very top , the finished top has another sorta-decorative ledge that goes out 15-5 8 inches wide . so the answer is 15-5 8 inches wide at the very top of the unit .
i have this cabinet , the space at the bottom behind the door has 1 shelf and is adjustable
the doors are frosted glass . you can barely see through them . the cabinets can not be separated .
yes it is .
it should but you can contact them to make sure before you place the order .
it is not locked . any terminal we sell comes new , unlocked and able to be programmed by any processor . it is always best to check with your merchant service provider 's technical support department or you representative to ensure the file they build is compatible before you download the terminal with their file .
it connects thru an ethernet line .
the only item i have is the riser , not the monitor .
there are two riser sizes . the smaller is 1 '' and the larger is 2 '' so you can combine them for a 3 '' rise . counting the foot , the total high is 3 7 8 '' . btw , this product did exactly what i needed . putting the eye at about 16 inches above the desk at a comfortable view with my transition bifocals .
it comes with 2 sets of different height legs . i threw away the ones that i did n't need so i ca n't give you their exact height . the legs i do have are 2.25in from the top to the underside of the stand .
my negatives are all fine . but when i compared them to the digital copy , none of them held up . this was an obvious conclusion , that anyone could easily determine . i suggest you go back and look closely at your original with a magnifying glass or project them on a screen . then look at your digital copy and you 'll see that the darks are much darker , the lights much lighter , all lacking in detail easily seen on the original . for me the difference was so noticeable that i promptly returned the unit . costco did much better scan ( 2000dpi ) with hugely better contrast easily duplicating the original . for even better scans , try using dvd your memories . they scan in at up to 4000dpi ( i usually use 3000 ) and their equipment is even better . plus they usually monitor each slide carefully which is then reviewed by another operator to check for quality . of course they 're twice the price , but like i said earlier , you only do this once and these are the only things that you own that are not replaceable . costco does not give your slides the same care . btw : about resolution ( dpi ) if you take a 4x6 picture and scan it in at say 300dpi , then taking a slide , which is about 12x smaller and scanning it in at 3000dpi , you get about 250dpi equivalency , which is close to 300dpi for a 4x6 . you can blow up any 250-300 dpi quite nicely to as much as a 14x16 print without losing too much detail or too much pixelation . seems to work for me . of course showing them on a big screen tv will work great as well . -don , encino ca my negatives are all fine . but when i compared them to the digital copy , none of them held up . this was an obvious conclusion , that anyone could easily determine . i suggest you go back and look closely at your original with a magnifying glass or project them on a screen . then look at your digital copy and you 'll see that the darks are much darker , the lights much lighter , all lacking in detail easily seen on the original . for me the difference was so noticeable that i promptly returned the unit . costco did much better scan ( 2000dpi ) with hugely better contrast easily duplicating the ... » read more my negatives are all fine . but when i compared them to the digital copy , none of them held up . this was an obvious conclusion , that anyone could easily determine . i suggest you go back and look closely at your original with a magnifying glass or project them on a screen . then look at your digital copy and you 'll see that the darks are much darker , the lights much lighter , all lacking in detail easily seen on the original . for me the difference was so noticeable that i promptly returned the unit . costco did much better scan ( 2000dpi ) with hugely better contrast easily duplicating the original . for even better scans , try using dvd your memories . they scan in at up to 4000dpi ( i usually use 3000 ) and their equipment is even better . plus they usually monitor each slide carefully which is then reviewed by another operator to check for quality . of course they 're twice the price , but like i said earlier , you only do this once and these are the only things that you own that are not replaceable . costco does not give your slides the same care . btw : about resolution ( dpi ) if you take a 4x6 picture and scan it in at say 300dpi , then taking a slide , which is about 12x smaller and scanning it in at 3000dpi , you get about 250dpi equivalency , which is close to 300dpi for a 4x6 . you can blow up any 250-300 dpi quite nicely to as much as a 14x16 print without losing too much detail or too much pixelation . seems to work for me . of course showing them on a big screen tv will work great as well . -don , encino ca « show less
i do n't know the dpi , but the image sizes from my scans ran from 1.1 to 2.8 mb with most of them around 1.4 to 1.8. so , the clarity is good . these photos look sharp when i display them on my large screen tv
yes
no - the carrier is designed for 35mm only
at an estimated 200 dpi and up ( it does n't actually let you know how high it goes , another limitation as far as i 'm concerned ) , it actually scans at a moderate rate , not too fast and not too slow . trouble is , i 've relied on it for for crisp scans at 200 dpi and up , and it just does n't do it very well . it would n't bother me if the sources were not the greatest resolution to start with , but they are , and the scanner just does n't do them justice even at the highest resolution .
this unit is not `` rapid feed '' . the black slide holders you might see in the amazon product detail shows one for slides and one for negatives . i have not tried the negative one yet.the slide holder opens and allows you to insert four slides at a time . when open the holder has raised ridges in each of the four frames . this allows you to ensure each slide will align with the scanner . it 's a bit tedious . once the four slides are placed in the holder , you close it and magents hold it closed . you then insert it into the projector and begin to push it until the first slide is set in place . then you push buttons and the back light turns on and it scans the first slide and records it onto the sd card . you then push the holder until the second scide is in position and repeat the process . when all four slides are scanned , you pluu it our and replace the slides with the next group of four.do n't kid yourself in getting a `` rapid feed '' machine . it these are family photos you are going to want then aligned as best as you can.you need to ask youself a series of questions : ( 1 ) . what are you going to do with these jpgs images when you are done ? ( 2 ) . how many slides do you need to convert ? ( 3 ) . what 's more importand ; time or money . ( 4 ) . are you going to have the jpgs printed when you are finished ? , or are you just going to view them occasionally with the family ? or is it a business thing like documenting a auto accident ? i 'm not going to answer all of these questions , sorry . neither ion nor amazzon is paying me , so too bad . i will tell you why i bought this.i 'm getting up in years and i 'm giving my collection of 2,500 slides and projector to my daughter . i will probably scan 1,800 slides and keep the jpgs . if while doing this , if i see a few gems , i 'll take those to a local photo processor and have them printed professionally . another main reason i 'm doing this is to have photographic records for our family tree , so the quality is less importand.is this model the best available ? no . my brother bought a kodak with is also a full page scanner . but it 's $ 400 or so . also , the original slides are always available.i did 700 in 10-15 hours . it 's decent for the price . ( it 's gone up $ 30 in the past 7 months - i think ) . and when i 'm done , i plan to sell it on ebay.if you have 50 slides , have them done professionally . if you want `` rapid feed '' you might be unhappy no mater what you get ... .you can call ion and ask for the tech customer service . i was put in touch with a very knowledgable guy.good luck . this unit is not `` rapid feed '' . the black slide holders you might see in the amazon product detail shows one for slides and one for negatives . i have not tried the negative one yet.the slide holder opens and allows you to insert four slides at a time . when open the holder has raised ridges in each of the four frames . this allows you to ensure each slide will align with the scanner . it 's a bit tedious . once the four slides are placed in the holder , you close it and magents hold it closed . you then insert it into the projector and begin to push it until the ... » read more this unit is not `` rapid feed '' . the black slide holders you might see in the amazon product detail shows one for slides and one for negatives . i have not tried the negative one yet.the slide holder opens and allows you to insert four slides at a time . when open the holder has raised ridges in each of the four frames . this allows you to ensure each slide will align with the scanner . it 's a bit tedious . once the four slides are placed in the holder , you close it and magents hold it closed . you then insert it into the projector and begin to push it until the first slide is set in place . then you push buttons and the back light turns on and it scans the first slide and records it onto the sd card . you then push the holder until the second scide is in position and repeat the process . when all four slides are scanned , you pluu it our and replace the slides with the next group of four.do n't kid yourself in getting a `` rapid feed '' machine . it these are family photos you are going to want then aligned as best as you can.you need to ask youself a series of questions : ( 1 ) . what are you going to do with these jpgs images when you are done ? ( 2 ) . how many slides do you need to convert ? ( 3 ) . what 's more importand ; time or money . ( 4 ) . are you going to have the jpgs printed when you are finished ? , or are you just going to view them occasionally with the family ? or is it a business thing like documenting a auto accident ? i 'm not going to answer all of these questions , sorry . neither ion nor amazzon is paying me , so too bad . i will tell you why i bought this.i 'm getting up in years and i 'm giving my collection of 2,500 slides and projector to my daughter . i will probably scan 1,800 slides and keep the jpgs . if while doing this , if i see a few gems , i 'll take those to a local photo processor and have them printed professionally . another main reason i 'm doing this is to have photographic records for our family tree , so the quality is less importand.is this model the best available ? no . my brother bought a kodak with is also a full page scanner . but it 's $ 400 or so . also , the original slides are always available.i did 700 in 10-15 hours . it 's decent for the price . ( it 's gone up $ 30 in the past 7 months - i think ) . and when i 'm done , i plan to sell it on ebay.if you have 50 slides , have them done professionally . if you want `` rapid feed '' you might be unhappy no mater what you get ... .you can call ion and ask for the tech customer service . i was put in touch with a very knowledgable guy.good luck . « show less
you might not have picked the right selection . there is one for negatives , one for slides and i think another choice of some kind . i did the same thing at first . also , i had to press down on the slides before placing the tray in to make sure they went through when i pushed the lever . good luck !
yes , this is what is written on the box .
i have some stuck on a plastic bag and they do not want to come off and when i finally get them off they do leave a residue .
no . it is peel and stick .
not so much with a pen , but works great with a sharpie !
you can tear it with no problem .
no does not have a cover on it . not sure what you mean by portable it can be moved around from table to table do n't know if it would be easy to take places ..
these are not water-based ink , if you want to mix them with water it wo n't work ... .but it is perfectly possible to use a paintbrush or the finger in order to hive them a form , a shape , and will not smear , do n't worry !
i have not used them for this but would give them a try .
if you 're left handed , they may smear a little bit . i 'm right handed and have not had a problem with smearing unless i purposely do a smear test when the ink is freshly laid and wet before coloring with them . i hope this helps .
it comes with multiples of the same colors .
wow.. unless i take them out and count them , it 's tough to say . however , there are all the colors on a color wheel , and quiet a few w sparkle or glitter . i love the copper color and the silvers . there is n't a color i 've needed that was n't here , i 'll say that .
yes
no , i have n't any problem with the flow , the ink is smoothy and becomes dry very fast even on glossy surfaces . the storage system is easy to use because you can move it circularly
yes it does . really nice set for the price . my wife is a teacher and uses them every day .
definitely , the mouse ( razer taipan ) glides smoothly across and always registers correctly . the pad is also of a very sturdy material , i can see getting years of use from it .
i am using with the razer naga works great .
it 's hard , very good material , and i bought one for my bf , he like it very much !
from the technical details : 14 x 10 x 0.1 inches
it 's not cold to the touch at all
i am usin for my business . so it does move once a month . i do not think that it should go bad with time but i can not say for sure .
i would think so . i have a b431d and the chips work with mine . if you want to double check , look for replacement toner cartridges that work with your printer and see if your model number is listed along with the b411 . i do n't believe the `` d '' at the end of the model number changes the size of the toner cartridge . if the same cartridge is for sale for the b411 and the b411d , then you should be okay .
yes they do . i have 4 of the b411dn printers and 2 b431dn printers and have never had a problem with these chips or the toner . for the toner , you may want to fill them outside , but for the price savings it is definitely worth it .
hi sharon , i 've bought 3 of these kits with 4 each refills . i think the toner will probably cover more than 4,000 copies , but the chips that come with it only allow you to get 4,000 per refill . you could probably do a partial refill , but will have to get replacement chips . refilling is pretty easy , but can be messy - so you may want to do it outside . i 've saved a ton of money with these though and have n't had any toner quality problems . would definitely buy again .
no idea . i had a different hp photosmart printer that the cartridges were listed to fit . they did n't , and further , arrived damaged ... the clip to hold them in on the end of the cartridge was broken off . i would n't buy them . they claimed i did n't send all of them back , which i did ... and would n't give me a refund . company is a scam .
photo i do n't use for , but for regular printing yes , it works and drys out very quickly & i should run head cleaning constantly .
i have found issues with the new replacement cartridges as well . you need to set your printer to clean the print heads than align printer to except the cartridges .
pretty much these are used cartridges and they refill them . hence the low cost . they seem to work pretty good . to make sure they are compatible with your printer , type in the search area `` replacement ink for an hp office jet k8600 '' for example . you will get a few different types . these seem to work well with my printer . hope this helps : - )
i am not sure about the 5514 but i have two printers and they work perfect in the 6520 series , also the 6525 , b209a and the the hp photosmart plus . amazon will take them back if they do not fit.. they are very good ink cartridges and the price is fantastic . leroy
if it takes a 564 cartridge then it will work.just ignore the hp warnings and click on ok. i 'm using these cartridges in 3 hp machines with excellent results .
strange . it fit fine in my printer . still working too .
they have a chip but i do n't know exactly what it does except the printer will not work without it . on one reman cartridge ( may have been a different brand ) the chip fell off and the printer thought the cartridge was missing . in my experience , these cartridges continue to print ling after the printer says they are empty .
do n't know . i bought them for my epson 310xl , but this is from the description page on amazon : printer compatibility : photosmart : 7510 , 7520 , b8550 , c6340 , c6350 , c6380 , d5445 , d7560 , d5460 , estation all-in-one printer-c510a , premium all-in-one printer-c309g , premium e-all-in-one printer-c310a , premium fax all-in-one printer-c309a , premium fax e-all-in-one printer- c410a , premium touchsmart web all-in-one printer-c309ni do n't see the b210 listed , so i would n't chance it .
these leaked and failed to be recognized in my printer .
these cartridges never did work ! i wasted my money ...
yes
it comes with one in the machine an i have been using that one for over 6 months now an it still works fine you do get a set of time carts 100
it will compute other shifts ... just not the shift in question .
the only way i know is manually entering time then .
no , it simply totals time .
dear janice : the pyramid 5000 uses the pyramid 4000 time cards : pyramid 44100-10 genuine time cards for 4000 , 4000pro , 4000hd , 5000 and 5000hd auto totaling time clocks ( pack of 100 ) best regardsemployee time clocks
yes . i 've used it to stand at my desk . the manual has several configuration examples , including the `` on top of a desk '' configuration . the platform is large so it should work with just about any laptop .
yes i use mine for 23 in monitor . would you like a pic .
yes , and it does say silver . it 's under product information . you can use ctrl+f to search for things on a webpage , like 'color ' .
the particular model i bought is all aluminum and weighs about 3 lbs or less . great for using in different positions : sitting , lying down , etc .
this would be pretty clunky to use on a plane , mainly because it takes a bit to calibrate to the correct settings and i think it would be frustrating to constantly be collapsing it and setting it up again .
not really , no ; would be extremely tight .
they are all the same . you can name them all though .
only six can be registered to a single base . for 7 - 12 phones you 'll need a second base unit .
yes , they work great .
i do n't have one . panasonic phones are great and very reliable . been using them for 30 years . this set of 6 is just terrific and a great price .
you do not need one . everything you do need comes with .
wi-fi is your only option .
hello , ion audio tech support here . thank you for your feedback ! i 'm sorry to hear that you had difficulty with your ion air copy wireless photo and document scanner . if you are experiencing inconsistent scan quality , or scans have visible lines or banding , perform the following:1. use the included cleaning paper and cleaning strip to clean the product as described on p.5 of the air copy quickstart guide . for best results you may need to perform these steps 2 or 3 times . 2. if symptoms persist , reset the air copy by placing a pin into the reset pin-hole located on the back of air copy , and gently push until the unit turns off.3 . if symptoms persist after cleaning and performing a reset , please contact ion technical support for further assistance by visiting www.ionaudio.com support . we sincerely appreciate the opportunity to assist you ! hello , ion audio tech support here . thank you for your feedback ! i 'm sorry to hear that you had difficulty with your ion air copy wireless photo and document scanner . if you are experiencing inconsistent scan quality , or scans have visible lines or banding , perform the following:1. use the included cleaning paper and cleaning strip to clean the product as described on p.5 of the air copy quickstart guide . for best results you may need to perform these steps 2 or 3 times . 2. if symptoms persist , reset the air copy by placing a pin into the reset ... » read more hello , ion audio tech support here . thank you for your feedback ! i 'm sorry to hear that you had difficulty with your ion air copy wireless photo and document scanner . if you are experiencing inconsistent scan quality , or scans have visible lines or banding , perform the following:1. use the included cleaning paper and cleaning strip to clean the product as described on p.5 of the air copy quickstart guide . for best results you may need to perform these steps 2 or 3 times . 2. if symptoms persist , reset the air copy by placing a pin into the reset pin-hole located on the back of air copy , and gently push until the unit turns off.3 . if symptoms persist after cleaning and performing a reset , please contact ion technical support for further assistance by visiting www.ionaudio.com support . we sincerely appreciate the opportunity to assist you ! « show less
i could n't get the darn thing to pair with any device so sent it back .
no you can scan one page at a time . there is a free window 8 app that will allow you to combine multiple pdfs into a single file .
the ion scanner has its own wireless network , so you must direct your device to the drop down screen of your wireless network . choose direct xxxxxaircopy network , the xxxxxxxx is the password , input 12345678 for the password . and you will be humming along . i trust you have downloaded the app for ion . you will need it , and like watching your scan being processed . hope this helps
i have n't tried it but it says windows 8 and windown 7 to use it with windows 7 you must download from the manufacturers web site . it works well with android !
yes , easily
try holding the power button down . it should power on after several seconds . this is a feature that prevents the unit from unnecessarily draining the battery by accidentally powering on during transport .
no , it does not have bluetooth capacity . i use my bose speaker ( bose® soundlink® bluetooth mobile speaker ii - nylon ) which supports bluetooth and sounds great !
i 'm not sure . i plug it into my computer . it 's hdmi . i could n't connect it to my computer or my ipod touch without an adapter . so had to get an adapter from radio shack . the picture quality is ok , it 's not perfect , and you might need to focus it a few times during a presentation .
you need and hdmi adapter sold by apple
hi bameiboo ! thank you for your inquiry ! this item is not featured by roku . this is a portable device that can be connected to ports of hdmi mhl which allows you to mirror your apple device.aistebisonoffice
hi rosanna ! thank you for your inquiry ! i have confirmed with our technology team for this item and the only adapter this needs is a hdmi.aistebisonoffice
no it is only equipped with a hdmi connection .
if your monitors are on pedestals , you might be fine because you only have to fit from one pedestal to the other on the desk workspace . the sides of the monitors will hang off of the desk space . if it is an all in one ( no pedestal ) , there would not be enough desk space to cover two of those .
the monitor will be lifted for about 5 inch . if you put the keyboard on the lower deck , it is about 3 4 inch thick . hope this helps .
yes , it is low in the standing position . i have solved this issue by using a wireless keyboard and moving it to the top level when standing . this works very well and has made the standing desk ideal for my employee who has back issues . i am considering purchasing one for myself also . my son purchased one from another company and it is not the quality of this one .
hi - yes i am about 6'4 '' barefoot and i would like a smidge more too ... the varidesk pro goes to about 15 '' or maybe 16 '' off the desk surface . ( just measured ) this is in addition to the desk risers that i bought last here on amazon . i have my desk rasied 3 '' all around just so i can sit comfortably at it . mine are clear and just wonderful . the combo is good enough for me that i love the varidesk pro with my mods . it would be easy to build a base of plywood or similar and set it on as well to get your height without raising the desk as i did . my monitor does not raise and i have had to build a base 8 '' tall and 10 '' wide from a 2 x 10 i cut , stacked , nailed , and painted black . looks good now and i have the monitor up where i need it . if you are remotely interested in a stand up desk - i really think this is a great way to go . and it 's easy to rig up ways to make it work for us taller guys . hi - yes i am about 6'4 '' barefoot and i would like a smidge more too ... the varidesk pro goes to about 15 '' or maybe 16 '' off the desk surface . ( just measured ) this is in addition to the desk risers that i bought last here on amazon . i have my desk rasied 3 '' all around just so i can sit comfortably at it . mine are clear and just wonderful . the combo is good enough for me that i love the varidesk pro with my mods . it would be easy to build a base of plywood or similar and set it on as well to get your height without raising the desk as i did . my monitor does not raise and i ... » read more hi - yes i am about 6'4 '' barefoot and i would like a smidge more too ... the varidesk pro goes to about 15 '' or maybe 16 '' off the desk surface . ( just measured ) this is in addition to the desk risers that i bought last here on amazon . i have my desk rasied 3 '' all around just so i can sit comfortably at it . mine are clear and just wonderful . the combo is good enough for me that i love the varidesk pro with my mods . it would be easy to build a base of plywood or similar and set it on as well to get your height without raising the desk as i did . my monitor does not raise and i have had to build a base 8 '' tall and 10 '' wide from a 2 x 10 i cut , stacked , nailed , and painted black . looks good now and i have the monitor up where i need it . if you are remotely interested in a stand up desk - i really think this is a great way to go . and it 's easy to rig up ways to make it work for us taller guys . « show less
you have plenty of room to move the keyboard around on the desk . you can rest your wrist on the desk , the keyboard or a wrist cushion if you would like . i actually use a wireless keyboard and mouse so i can move them completely off of the desk and use the desk to review write on reports .
i have the one pictured with dual monitor and it would fit my 27 '' i mac , easy with keyboard . it is about 24 '' wide . was a lot bigger than i expected , but fits my laptop monitor and external monitor ( the dual screen varidesk ) easily
yes . we have several people using this with dual monitors . it is on a cubical work surface . this is a great product .
it will be close , but they will probably fit fine . i have two 24 '' widescreen monitors side-by-side and they fit with a couple inches to spare on each side .
hi cheryl . im my opinion it should work just fine . the nice thing about it is that it adjusts to a myriad of heights . it locks in every couple of inches from its bottom position it seems . so you should n't have any problem using it at all . i 'm 6'2 '' and it goes even higher than i use it at . that tells you what an amazing range it has .
it is non-penetrating . you just set the whole thing on top of your desk . it is plenty heavy and stable .
i dont know , i 'm using them in latin america ! sorry !
there is an adjustment for volume in the speaker function . just push the speaker function and adjust the volume using the up and down arrows .
i have not experienced that problem . my phone is going thru cable and not the phone company .
yes it does .
it will continue to print color will be degraded due to the missing color . black will not be affected .
it can be connected with a printer cable
sure does . the bottom tray holds a ton ! it is the best printer i have ever owned . period !
from 1 to 10 , 10 being the best , i would rate it at an 8. i have not used photo paper on it yet , just your typical white paper to print in black and color documents . i have noticed once the ink starts running low , the color print quality also goes down .
that has happened a couple of times for me , too , if i have n't used it in a few days . i think the printer occasionally loses its ip address on my home network . my easy solution is to unplug the printer , wait a few seconds , and then plug in the printer again . it then turns on , automatically finds its new ip address on the network , and prints great .
i have not tried it on actual photo paper , but it does a good-enough job on regular 11 x 17 paper.in our use case , more-importantly it is able to print without any borders even on that large paper size ; in other words if so selected in preferences , it will leave no unprinted area on the edges of the page , even if it is 11 x 17.furthermore , this model ( with the two trays ) allows for both automatic feed ( through bottom tray ) and manual feed ( through bad slot ) of 11 x 17 paper.and lastly , it feeds regular letter and a4 papers with the wide-edge , which seems to make the printing at least seems faster , since it ends up printing with broader strokes . i have not tried it on actual photo paper , but it does a good-enough job on regular 11 x 17 paper.in our use case , more-importantly it is able to print without any borders even on that large paper size ; in other words if so selected in preferences , it will leave no unprinted area on the edges of the page , even if it is 11 x 17.furthermore , this model ( with the two trays ) allows for both automatic feed ( through bottom tray ) and manual feed ( through bad slot ) of 11 x 17 paper.and lastly , it feeds regular letter and a4 papers with the wide-edge , which seems ... » read more i have not tried it on actual photo paper , but it does a good-enough job on regular 11 x 17 paper.in our use case , more-importantly it is able to print without any borders even on that large paper size ; in other words if so selected in preferences , it will leave no unprinted area on the edges of the page , even if it is 11 x 17.furthermore , this model ( with the two trays ) allows for both automatic feed ( through bottom tray ) and manual feed ( through bad slot ) of 11 x 17 paper.and lastly , it feeds regular letter and a4 papers with the wide-edge , which seems to make the printing at least seems faster , since it ends up printing with broader strokes . « show less
yes to both ! i have also scanned copied 11x17 with the feeder . reduced enlarged 11x17 on flatbed .
yes
hi , are you sure you want the d7260 inkjet . ( white and with a bunch of card slots up in the top right side ? ) if so , you probably want the epps117275 duplexer . if you meant the office jet 7610 or 7110. the most recent wide paper printers , yes it is . i use it on the office jet 7610 .
it would depend on the model number of the printer you bought . if you look on the hp site under your printer model they give you the correct number for your printer model . i just purchased a new printer this year also and i had to go to the hp site and do some research myself as to what duplexer fit my model printer . my printer model was the 7610 and it took the hp duplexer c7g18a and it works perfect . i hope this helps you .
yes
if you are asking whether you can make a 2-sided original to a 2-sided copy without flipping the original , then no . if you are asking can you feed two single pages and have it print a two sided copy , i think so .
i am not sure about the size ; however , i will tell you the pictures were good quality , and the device was really easy to use . i would highly recommend it .
i am not sure - i think if the 110 slides are rectangular , they might work , but if the 110 slides are square , i read in some reviews that the tops and bottoms of the square ones are cut off . i don`t know if the machine can be modified to remedy that problem . i`m sorry i can`t be more helpful .
it did not damage the slides . however , i discovered you need to check the clarity of every slide before processing . i had a gazillions slides and got in a hurry . the wolverine worked as promised and is very easy , that 's why i became lazy about each slide .
not fromthis machine.but you can transfer the pictures from the memory cards you make on the wolverine to your computer and from there you can make a dvd .
yes
just like the description says , 3 seconds . just be sure to get a memory card , the wolverine internal memory only holds about 50 pictures . i bought a 16gb card .
yes , it takes a separate memory card . you insert the card into a slot located on the upper back of the device . just push the card in until only about a 1 4 '' is showing . they warn you not to push the card in too far . so i had a problem a first . i searched their website and it instructed to push the card in as directed above . then everything worked fine .
extra negative holders yes . large or medium format no .
it does have a high yield to it . worth the price paid for .
that 's the exact model printer i have , and the cartridge fits just fine .
i not sure what the warranty policy is but my wife is a attorney and i am in real estate and we print lots and lots of documents with the cartritech . no problems at all and i will continue to buy and us this product .
yes
noooooooooo ! only if you want to permanently mark it up . it 's ink .
nope , these are sharpie permanent markers . you 'd need rubbing alcohol to remove this . they are not whiteboard markers .
my granddaughter says they do n't seem to glow but they are brighter than the regular sharpies
unless you happen to find a specially marked pack with these `` spotlighted '' off to the side , then no . i 've looked around numerous places both on and offline and this set ( sometimes without blue ) is the only way to purchase the uv reactive markers .
i doubt it , they do not show up on black paper . they write more like highlighters . you would probably want to get the silver or gold sharpie for writing on a black cast .
yes , these will fluoresce under blacklight when drawn on a white shirt .
only info that sanford provided us with is - compliance standards : ap certified nontoxic.we can not confirm if it is acid - free .
no they dont work like chalk markers . also the bkue isnt florecent , but all the other ones glow in black light pretty well
they are bright in normal light , but if you have a black light , they glow very brightly .
body is plastic , tip metal . good build quality
the one in the picture was the same as the one i received .
i 've used any lead with it and they work fine .
my 11 year old son says he loves this pencil because the lead automatically turns so it stays sharp . also it is very comfortable to hold .
i remove the plastic cap from the eraser , then pull out the eraser , and carefully insert a couple pieces of the correct sized pencil lead into the eraser hole . re-assemble in the reverse order . i believe that the lead rotater occupies some of the lead storage in the pencil , so it only holds 2 or 3 extra leads .
no .
you must click the top cover over the eraser or the eraser itself to advance lead . the main reason this is my favorite pencil is that it automatically rotates the lead as you write , keeping the lead pointed and greatly reducing lead breakage .
there are ten in the refill package
yes , the 0.7mm one has a green cap and ring , where the 0.5mm one has a blue cap and ring .
yes , unfortunately .
i do n't use a wireless keyboard , but a standard 15.4 '' laptop . however , i do use a separate mouse which is wireless and it is to the right of the laptop . i have no problem with this setup . i am guessing it would probably be fine for your keyboard and mouse depending on where you have your displays .
it 's not that heavy but is n't very compact either , so carrying it around a lot might be awkward .
i think it might be possible to have the monitor and keyboard on the desk at once . the desk is 12 '' deep and plenty wide , and the design is such that it could support a fairly heavy monitor without tipping . however , with a standard keyboard , there wo n't be much room on the sides for a mouse . someone makes an extension , i believe , that snaps into the sides to make the desk twice as wide , so you might want to look into that .
sure it will . it is adjustable and also depends on the height of the surface that you place it on .
does n't bother me !
i 'm 5'10 '' and at a `` standard '' desk the fit desk is just about right for me - but i could lower it about 3 '' so it might work for you . here 's some maths : my eyes are at about 5'6 '' ( i stand with my knees slightly bent ) , the computer i use which rests on a cooling pad on top of the fit desk is at about 3'10 '' . the desk stands at 2'7 '' and the fit desk rises above that another 1'1 '' but could be lowered about 3 '' . where my hands rest on the pads is at about 3'9.5 '' . all these measurements are + - 1.5 '' or so .
no
there is a screw -- but yes it can be removed
no- this is a tabletop device .
21 inches
the tool is worth nothing . the buyer us so crappy that i got broken stuff and amazon never bothered to help
2-5 days via expedited shipping service
yes
you ca n't . i ordered it and then emailed amazon customer service . they said it ships from different sites and they ca n't control what color you get . sounds fishy since you can choose what color water bottle or slippers you get . surely , they can use the same process to select the color here too . but they do n't . you get what you get . and if you do n't like it , you pay to ship it back .
yes it is .
well , this is pretty good , i would give it 8. just mind it it is not that big as it appears . though the dimension is given in the description , just make sure it is enough for you . i have been using it for almost 3 months . and it is pretty good till now .
i think it may be some kind of laminate but it looks like wood and is fits nicely next to the real wood cabinet that it is attached to .
unfortunately no . i tried . it does n't come with a magnetized back so i tried velcro tape around thw back edge but it kept falling off of the refrigerator .
yes ! it comes with the mount and screws
3 4 of a inch
get a magnetic clip like this large blue magnetic clips with neodymium magnet , 3-1 2 '' length ( pack of 2 ) ( some businesses give them away as promotionals at festivals and public events ) . clip a plastic cup in it and stick it to the board . you can put the marker and the sponge eraser in the cup .
yes , this is a great option for use with google voice .
yes , this specific item does come with the base .
i could not . we use phonebooth voip and they could not support that model and we had to return it . chech the model directly with your carrier .
yes , when we ordered ours , it included a charging base station for the handset . in the picture , the handset is resting on the charging station .
yes , http : www.yealink.com product_info.aspx ? productscateid=308
yes it has a 2.5 jack
hi neleh9040 . the list of products in my review ( kx-tg9542b , kx-tg9541b , kx-tg6842b , kx-tg7872s , kx-tg6844b , kx-tg6843b , kx-tg6845b , kx-tg7875s , kx-tg7874s , kx-tg7873s , kx-tg6873b , kx-tg6841b . ) are the models panasonic told me are compatible . i suggest you contact them about your model specifically .
hold the fob so that the back side is facing you and the key ring is at the top . push the little ridged button on the bottom toward the center of the fob while pulling on the the slotted battery tray to remove it . this can be a little difficult , but it does n't take much force . the 2032 button battery just drops out . replace the battery and reinsert the battery tray into the fob .
i do n't think it will work with any other product , its an option feature made for panasonic kx-tg7871 land line phone .
it 's about 1.125 '' wide x 2.063 '' tall x .438 thick . the ring o.d . is about .940 '' .
unfortunately no
the phone has real buttons to push . including volume up and down , a mute button , a redial button , a speaker button , all the regular phone buttons and a larger button to push for viewing whatever the camera doorbell is aimed at . hope this helps . it 's a great product if you have enough light at the front door . wo n't help much if it is dark by the door . need to have a light on at night .
the picture is color and streams when you answer the door bell if you hard wire the door bells with the supplied power supply it can be steamed whenever you want even without the doorbell be ing pressed . it also does have a speaker on the handsets
no
no , your alert is thru the phone at the base station or the other phone . not sure about adding it to your existing doorbell
no , u cant
you can always see what the camera sees anytime by using the phone to view through the camera . you do n't have to wait until someone pushes the button . you can also open the intercom an talk to the person at the door while viewing them . they do not have to push to button for you to do this .
no
hi terry , to answer your questions , yes , i guess i would say it 's kind of a turquoise color ... .pretty much exactly the color shown , and yes , the base is corded and needs electrical power , but the handset is cordless . hope i helped ! btw , i love the phone !
both have speaker the base and the phone , so if you do n't find the phone can you answer it through the base
the phone comes with a battery .
yeah there is .
yes the reciever comes off . it is cordless
yes it does
no
more of a teal blue . it 's true to the pic . and yes , the base gets plugged in .
yes . universal ribbons fit the quiet-riter portables . i 've used this ribbon with that same model .
i have a consul 232 , which is similar in size to cole steel typewriters , and the spools fit in without any issues . also , if you have the old spools from your cole steel typewriter , these spools are 2 inches in diameter , and if your old spools are also 2 inches , then these should fit .
my guess is yes , but there might be some weirdness with the escort 's spool holder . this is a ribbon specifically for mw escorts : montgomery ward escort 33 , escort 55 and escort 66 typewriter ribbon , black , compatible , twin spool
yes . however , the ribbon loads backwards in an underwood champion .
this might be a better fit for you ... universal typewriter ribbon twin spool combo pack - 1 2 '' cloth ( 2 ) pack
maria : good morning , the product is the same from pantone.com if is saled by amazon is guarantied 100 % you can return . this bundle includes : formula guide solid coatedformula guide solid uncoatedcolor bridge® coatedcolor bridge® uncoatedcmyk coatedcmyk uncoatedif you have more question , please send us emialbest regardsesmarusa
no included metallic and pastels
we purchased these books to use to match color in a print shop . we do n't need the digital download . a quick email to pantone might get you an answer . i think those colors can all be accessed through the creative suite library anyway . sorry i ca n't be more helpful
yes , it is . you can download the driver from the website . we have both windows 7 and windows 8 operating systems . very good buy for the money - ( ps - walmart has it for $ 59 )
yes , you can print off your android smartphone ( i have a galaxy siii )
yes
yes you can , mine worked best with the usb cable . i got rid of the printer completely because the internal wi-fi card went bad .
yes it does .
rachel , i have had this sign for about a month and the blue led 's are already beginning to fail . i tried saving a few bucks with this sign and am paying the price now . i would not recommend this sign .
the back is particle board . it will not last
10 inches wide and 19 inches long
no , it just glows very brightly . it is very visible .
240
no
yes
denise denise refering to the defenderpad website , it speaks of `` laptops , tablets and other electronic devices . '' the website is defenderpad.com
it depends on the surface you use it and what side of the defender is in contact with the laptop . you can get both effects which can be an advantage
the defenderpad laptop radiation shield is effective for the life of its use . it uses several advanced mediums designed to conduct and absorb laptop radiation emissions to insure the safety of the user . ultimately , the full spectrum of potentially dangerous emissions are shielded and removed . the defenderpad does not repel or reflect emissions back into the user . unfortunately , store bought meters can vary widely in their accuracy . to view the defenderpad 's effectiveness of shielding all emissions , please refer to the independent fcc certified lab testing at our web site .
i have a mac that does n't have a fan . it 's great in reducing heat on your lap .
hi vasim , thank you for your question . the defenderpad blocks 99.99 % of wifi ( radio frequency ( rf ) radiation ) from the laptop going in the downward direction . it does not block wifi from the top of your laptop or affect your ability to connect to internet however . the defenderpad creates a physical barrier between the user and the device , preventing radio frequency ( rf ) radiation as well as extremely low frequency ( elf ) radiation from passing through to the lap . if you visit the defendershield web site , you can view independent fcc certified laboratory testing that substantiates our claims of shielding effectiveness.we can not speak to other products , but when researching and investigating products , it is best that you look for independent and unbiased testing from laboratories qualified to establish shielding performance . if you have any other questions , please feel free to contact us directly through our web site ! hi vasim , thank you for your question . the defenderpad blocks 99.99 % of wifi ( radio frequency ( rf ) radiation ) from the laptop going in the downward direction . it does not block wifi from the top of your laptop or affect your ability to connect to internet however . the defenderpad creates a physical barrier between the user and the device , preventing radio frequency ( rf ) radiation as well as extremely low frequency ( elf ) radiation from passing through to the lap . if you visit the defendershield web site , you can view independent fcc certified laboratory testing that substantiates our claims ... » read more hi vasim , thank you for your question . the defenderpad blocks 99.99 % of wifi ( radio frequency ( rf ) radiation ) from the laptop going in the downward direction . it does not block wifi from the top of your laptop or affect your ability to connect to internet however . the defenderpad creates a physical barrier between the user and the device , preventing radio frequency ( rf ) radiation as well as extremely low frequency ( elf ) radiation from passing through to the lap . if you visit the defendershield web site , you can view independent fcc certified laboratory testing that substantiates our claims of shielding effectiveness.we can not speak to other products , but when researching and investigating products , it is best that you look for independent and unbiased testing from laboratories qualified to establish shielding performance . if you have any other questions , please feel free to contact us directly through our web site ! « show less
rigid . there is only a very slight bend to it . it 's not like a solid piece of marble ... not that hard , but i 'd categorize it as rigid .
4 brocade
hanging file folders will fit , but the metal hooks will rest on the edges of the box making it difficult for the lid to fit . i use these boxes to store regular file folders , which fit perfectly .
no , not that i 've noticed . and i 've manhandled the boxes - i wanted them a bit shorter so had the exacto knife out to cut them down ! also , for what it 's worth , the bottom of the box is not patterned so not so much of a concern for ink transfer if you 're planning to store them on carpet .
i see what you mean with the discrepancy on the measurements . the measurements in the product description seem to be wrong . maybe those measurements describe the boxes before they are formed . they arrive flat and you have to fold them into boxes . finished size with the lid on : 16 '' deep , 10 '' high , almost 13 '' wide . it may fit front to back on a 10 '' deep shelf with a 6 '' overhang but i have n't tried that . hope this helps .
on the menu one of the choices is to turn on or off the answering message . i have not tried it but assume it works .
yes .
yes , batteries are included with each portable phone . the base phone is corded .
i 'd say 50'.-75 ' but i must also add they are probably one of the worst cordless phone sets i 've ever had . when using the buttons there is a slight delay with each push of the button . its annoying .
they should but check frequency in details .
it supports one incoming line
in theory yes . i purchased it to use with a mac . it is intermittent . if you are using it with a pc it should be seamless . it is a great price and there is always the option to return it if it does n't work . i hope that helps .
yes it will work seamlessly .
i could not get it to work with mine . very frustrating !
no . biggest waste of money ! you not only have to download the software it comes with but you have to buy a monthly subscription to use it ! i still have n't used mine for my business and i wish i could have returned it
no . it does not have a duplex unit . it has what it calls a `` manual duplex mode '' that is controlled by the software . it prints your first sides of your pages , waits for you to flip the pages and load them on the manual feed tray , and then prints the second side . at least i 'm pretty sure that 's how it works as we have n't tried it yet .
i use the printer with 110 weight card stock and its o.k . as long as you feed it through one sheet at a time . its slow and sometimes it takes a bit to get the printer to grab the sheet . its the same for labels -very slow , one at a time . the printing itself is pretty good . we had a brother printer before and it seemed more heavy duty . it printed envelopes , labels and card stock by the stack . this one has a lot less `` oomph ''
nope
it has the ability to print on both thicker stock and envelope , but you have to manually feed those through a specific slot one at a time .
yes , it is a laser printer . the upside to this and the reason that i bought it was i was tired of replacing ink cartridges just because i did n't use my printer frequently . i used more ink cleaning cartridges during warm up than i did printing . it uses four different toner cartridges . i really like it
yes , the printer has four separate toner cartridges - bycm . note that when the printer stops printing because the software is reporting one of the toner cartridges is empty , it may not be true . the printer software uses page counting to gage the toner . one dot on a page is all it takes to count as a page . just reset the page count for that cartridge and you may find as i did you have several hundred pages left in the `` empty '' cartridge .
17.5x16x9.5
`` generic compatible ''
yes , the dr-221 cl is listed as the right drum for the mfc-9340cdw on the brother website .
the drum it 's the unit or container that holds all the toner cartridges .
i had to return my order , sorry , i wish i could help .
yes , it comes with `` starter ' toners . about 1200 copies b &w; , 900 copies for color ( my usage ) . the manual states dimensions as 17w x 19 1 8 l x 18 7 8 d but you 'll need some extra room at the back for cables and the copier lid to swing up .
i never had a paper jam on this machine . it does have lots of access into it for such reasons , though . anything with a green piece or color when you open it up means you can move it in some way , shape , or form to help get into it . the cartridge door opens up and you can pull the tray out . in the rear you can open a large door .
it actually comes with 4 cartridges 3 colored and a black cartridge even though these are starter cartridges they last longer than you might imagine .
i bought this product in december and had to have it service w in one week because the print quality was mismatched . the machine could not calibrate correctly and the colors were mismatched . it took the service company two months to fix because they literally had to try every component and wait for parts to come in . when i got the machine back , it was not perfect , but it worked well until the starter kit toner cartridge ran out of ink . then the old problem about mismatch and not calibrating came back . canon 's recommendation was to buy a full set of new canon ink toner before they can determine the problem . i spent nearly $ 500 for the printer , had to drive an hour to the nearest canon authorized service repair shop and spent numerous hours on the phone during the time it was being fixed ( approximately $ 1000 of lost work productivity & travel cost ) . on top of that , i was recommended to pay approximately $ 500 to buy a whole new set of ink toner cartridge b c the machine will not calibrate if the ink toner is low ; with that said , canon would not guarantee that they will replace the `` new '' product unless i invest more money into buying a full set of ink toner . needless to say , i 'm not recommending that anyone else buys this product because canon 's customer service and product policy is not very good . i bought this product in december and had to have it service w in one week because the print quality was mismatched . the machine could not calibrate correctly and the colors were mismatched . it took the service company two months to fix because they literally had to try every component and wait for parts to come in . when i got the machine back , it was not perfect , but it worked well until the starter kit toner cartridge ran out of ink . then the old problem about mismatch and not calibrating came back . canon 's recommendation was to buy a full set of new canon ink toner before they can ... » read more i bought this product in december and had to have it service w in one week because the print quality was mismatched . the machine could not calibrate correctly and the colors were mismatched . it took the service company two months to fix because they literally had to try every component and wait for parts to come in . when i got the machine back , it was not perfect , but it worked well until the starter kit toner cartridge ran out of ink . then the old problem about mismatch and not calibrating came back . canon 's recommendation was to buy a full set of new canon ink toner before they can determine the problem . i spent nearly $ 500 for the printer , had to drive an hour to the nearest canon authorized service repair shop and spent numerous hours on the phone during the time it was being fixed ( approximately $ 1000 of lost work productivity & travel cost ) . on top of that , i was recommended to pay approximately $ 500 to buy a whole new set of ink toner cartridge b c the machine will not calibrate if the ink toner is low ; with that said , canon would not guarantee that they will replace the `` new '' product unless i invest more money into buying a full set of ink toner . needless to say , i 'm not recommending that anyone else buys this product because canon 's customer service and product policy is not very good . « show less
jodi , the imageclass mf8580cdw will still be able to print in black and white even if one of the color cartridges is empty . in order to do this , you would need to adjust the driver settings .
i have both this model and the 8300. my experience is that the toner level warning is tied to page counts , but as long as you keep igorning the warning , you can keep printing . one note though , the printer comes with cartridges that are only about 1 4 full . if you are a heavy user , you might want to plan on buying a full set shortly after you get the printer .
no , its a great printer , but does n't do 11x17 paper .
there are several differences in features and paper capacity . check this website for details : http : thetonerexpert.blogspot.com 2013 03 canons-new-mfp-printers-imageclass.html
no , look for model number with a `` d '' in the model number suffix . ie : 8580cw ( color & wireless ) , 8580cdw ( color , duplex , wireless )
yes it does but the cartridges are just starter cartridges . it 's still good for a couple hundred copies pages but you 'll want to order full size cartridges at the same time because you 'll need them anyway .
no , is printing letter or legal max .
the directions say you can but i have not been able to do it . there is a large tray on the bottom that will hold standard or legal size paper and it works great . you can open the front cover and there is another place to put paper ( tray 2 ) from letter size envelopes to legal size paper . i have never been able to get tray 2 to work like i thought it should and i have not been able to print an envelope . maybe i just have n't tried hard enough .
it 's more like a slide-out drawer which holds 4 separate , removable cartridges . i have never refilled a laser cartridge but it 's probably possible . this printer is using much less than my brother laser printer , which would spill toner , even using their cartridges .
i have n't use upi my black cartridge yet but i have printed over one thousand paper and printed hundreds of pictures , my low ink level is not even blinking . hope that give you an idea . this printer is awesome for the price .
yes , all 4 toner cartridges are included , black , yellow , cyan , and magenta . they are `` starter '' cartridges , last only about half the life of the standard toner cartridges . mine lasted 6 months before needing replacement . very easy to remove empty ones and replace with full ones .
good question . i 've never used the `` intercom '' -- i use the speaker , is that what you mean ? if using the speaker , it is very easy and quick - just one button , clearly labeled . sorry if this does not answer your question .
no , this is a single line phone . i really like the phone though -- if you only need a single line .
if you have 120 v 60 hrtz electricity , i do not see why not . but since it is built for american market , you may want to confirm from panasonic directly .
it can also be wall mounted , reversing the wall mount adapter at the base .
color-cl211 black-pg210hope this helps , joel
comes with ink and cables .
it also prnts text , but in draft mode is a little light . you need to be sure and change the print quality on a document you intend others to see .
nope
no , there is not any need to install widows 8. this printerveven works with windows xp
yes .
pg-210 pigment black cartridgecl-211 dye color cartridge
yes it should work . just remember to check the features you want as defaults , i.e . shrink to fit . it takes more keystrokes to print a label .
yes . formats include code 39 and 128 , i-2 of 5 , upc a and e , ean 13 and 128 , codabar , maxicode , pdf 417 , datamatrix , qr code and postnet .
plugs into wall for power and connect to computer with a ubs plug
as i recall just the printer & electric cord . i believe i had to provide usbcable . i have had several seikolabel makers and the all worked well . this one is easier to load than older models . i believe it came with one roll of labels installed . good label maker & easy to use .
i assume you could -- ask the manufacture -- i suggest you order a satellite disk drive from amazon . you will eventually need one !
i do n't know if it supports korean , mine is english . however i think this is a japanize company so korean might be an option . the label is white paper , peel and stick on letters or packages . product works well and was easy to set up . i suggest you look at the seiko website .
yes
yes , just download the latest drivers from seiko . it does not use the old label rolls though . you 'll need to buy the new style .
yes , the only caution would be the label size as the label printer software has pre-set sizes .
either one .
yes it works great
yes . in our application we use both the slp-2rlh and slp-flw label stock interchangeably on the slp-650 label printer .
no , it comes with
yes , currently using it on this operating system
i use four different fixed length labels . i ca n't say for sure but i doubt that it supports variable length labels .
no it does n't
yes , it does
i do n't see one , i 'm sorry
no they do not . if you want to test it for yourself just unplug the power from the phone .
do n't know what your `` h-w-d '' means but the phone has an address book feature and whatever you program thru any of the three phones ( corded or cordless ) shows up on the other two . just added one yesterday on a cordless phone and checked just now to see if the addition was displayed on the other two handsets ... .and it did ! hope this helps . i 'm very pleased with the phone as it is easy to read and use for my macular degeneration eyes .
cardboard is the thickest i have used in it .
i always use 5ml pouches .
that plug works fine in my home . plugs right in and works .
i do n't think so . it 's made for 3 and 5 .
only shows 120v , 60hz on the owners manual
i 've done about 20 pages one after another with no problems ! it stays heated up and did n't get overheated either .
i had this problem also . the sheet has been rolled around the two rollers inside the laminator , or it is bunched up right inside where it comes out . you can stick a pair of scissors in there and see if you can get it to come out , but if its around the rollers you need to unscrew the bottom and cut it off the rollers . you could probably also just send it back to amazon , but it will still work after you untangle the mess ! it is a great little laminator .
yes . any 3mm or 5mm varieties will work up to the max dimension -- i think about 8x11 .
may be too late for this but here goes anyway ... i had this same problem , att landline , gv would not port it over , only if it was with cell phone service provider . i found and old cell phone in my drawer , went to metropcs ( or any no-contract ) service provider , ported my att landline phone ( yes i had to pay for 1 month service with cell phone svc provider ! ) once my home phone was ported , i was able to immediately port it from metropcs to googlevoice . absolutely worth it , as i 've had my home tel nbr for years and the kids had it memorized etc .
works just fine . i use it with voip . ms.. no issues so far
yes it does , and it 's now official , as of 11 september , 2014. see the obihai update on their blog : '' google voice is now officially supported on obi voip devices . `` http : blog.obihai.com 2014 09 google-voice-and-obihai-update.html
it can run 4 services over 1 device by sharing . it allows each of these services to ring through the same phone . to call out , you actually use a specific dial code to tell the obi200 which service you want to use to make the call . if you want 4 lines , you 'll need to get a 4 port adapter like the obi504vs although it 's probably overkill for a small setup . you can also just buy 4 obi100 devices and connect one to each phone . lastly , obitalk makes voip phones that support multiple lines like the obi1032 and the obi1062 . if you go with one of these phones , you can skip buying any of the obi adapters altogether . it can run 4 services over 1 device by sharing . it allows each of these services to ring through the same phone . to call out , you actually use a specific dial code to tell the obi200 which service you want to use to make the call . if you want 4 lines , you 'll need to get a 4 port adapter like the obi504vs although it 's probably overkill for a small setup . you can also just buy 4 obi100 devices and connect one to each phone . lastly , obitalk makes voip phones that support multiple lines like the obi1032 and the obi1062 . if you go with one of these phones , you can skip buying any of the obi ... » read more it can run 4 services over 1 device by sharing . it allows each of these services to ring through the same phone . to call out , you actually use a specific dial code to tell the obi200 which service you want to use to make the call . if you want 4 lines , you 'll need to get a 4 port adapter like the obi504vs although it 's probably overkill for a small setup . you can also just buy 4 obi100 devices and connect one to each phone . lastly , obitalk makes voip phones that support multiple lines like the obi1032 and the obi1062 . if you go with one of these phones , you can skip buying any of the obi adapters altogether . « show less
yes , unless the quality of your wireless bandwidth is pristine , you will have audio quality issues . for best results , use a wired connection .
i 've been using 4 gv lines on 2 obi110 's for more than 3 years now and they have never stopped working . i just added a 5th gv line on a new obi200 i just bought from newegg.com last week for $ 29.99 shipped and it 's worked great , too .
if the 2 phone lines are cell phone numbers , switching it over to google voice is very easy . go to google voice settings ( upper right hand corner with the cog wheel symbol ) and add the phone number . if you are trying to change your landline number over because you want to keep the same number , it 's a two step process . but you will have to port your number over to a mobile service such as t-mobile first and then port it to google voice ( gv ) since gv only accepts mobile numbers . you can get instructions on how to do this on the obihai.com website under `` tutorials and tips '' and then `` port your number to google voice '' . you can do this for about $ 10 by buying a sim card to temporarily hold your ported landline number . it 's not too painful and totally worth it ! good luck . if the 2 phone lines are cell phone numbers , switching it over to google voice is very easy . go to google voice settings ( upper right hand corner with the cog wheel symbol ) and add the phone number . if you are trying to change your landline number over because you want to keep the same number , it 's a two step process . but you will have to port your number over to a mobile service such as t-mobile first and then port it to google voice ( gv ) since gv only accepts mobile numbers . you can get instructions on how to do this on the obihai.com website under `` tutorials and tips '' and then ... » read more if the 2 phone lines are cell phone numbers , switching it over to google voice is very easy . go to google voice settings ( upper right hand corner with the cog wheel symbol ) and add the phone number . if you are trying to change your landline number over because you want to keep the same number , it 's a two step process . but you will have to port your number over to a mobile service such as t-mobile first and then port it to google voice ( gv ) since gv only accepts mobile numbers . you can get instructions on how to do this on the obihai.com website under `` tutorials and tips '' and then `` port your number to google voice '' . you can do this for about $ 10 by buying a sim card to temporarily hold your ported landline number . it 's not too painful and totally worth it ! good luck . « show less
its officially regain support as of sep 11 2014.http : blog.obihai.com 2014 09 google-voice-and-obihai-update.html
with most fax machines you connect the obi device to the line jack of the fax machine and then the phone to the phone jack of the fax machine .
yes
i have a dell laptop and it works great ! i do have it wired from the printer to the laptop .
basically it means '' xtra large '' . the capacity of these can mean more copies per cartridge .
this printer is good for basic things and a lot of printing . no auto feed on this printer .
yes it does . it may keep reminding you that you do n't have a color cartridge first , but it will print .
no , is only printer , copy and scanner
go ahead and install printer is 3510 i love mine !
yes it is .
yes the machine is compatible with windows 7 ...
you are able to set the hp software included with the 3512 to scan to multi-page pdfs . however , it does not come with an automatic document feeder so you will need to replace the pages manually in order to scan additional pages .
i am sorry i do n't know . it works with my iphone 5 .
yes they come with the magnet too . magnets are strong . i 've had no trouble with the name tag coming off at all .
once you get to the page when you submit your order you will be able to inscribe there in the spot that says gift
as many as you order
i do n't really remember the dimensions since my employees already lost their tags but i do remember that they were huge with big letters . bigger than you would normally see in a professional setting . i would order from some where else in future .
1 '' x3 '' i believe . it 's a bit bigger than i anticipated , but my professor liked it .
you can cut these down to any size you need . before or after you laminate the item . i usually laminate first and then cut down to size .
yes
yes ! i 'd use the heat setting verse the cool setting . they were great !
it just comes with 100 lamination pouches in frustration free packaging - no carrier pouch . at least , i did n't get one ! : )
yes . the cut pieces are also very sturdy and durable . i have had no problem with peeling .
yes . i made luggage tags and i laminated them together and then cut into a smaller size for the tags . as long as you have a decent margin where the laminating sheets are able to be heated and laminated around whatever you are laminating when you make your cuts it should be fine . i tried a few by cutting them smaller before putting them through the machine and they worked fine . i am really happy with the laminating sheets and this machine ! excellent value !
yes , you can fold a page after you laminate it
it will bolt to a wall or signpost . it comes with two screws with holes in the back of the box .
product dimensions 12 x 9 x 2 inches ... the box is 2 '' depth
yes , but might have to put a spacer between the holder and the wall so the lid opens properly
i believe it has two vertically aligned spots for a single screw . i use a 4 '' wood post with my flyer boxes .
it was a heavy duty plastic of some kind .
i do n't think so
the back of the box has a 4 '' x 12 '' molded flat piece that juts out about 1 2 '' from the box . this flat piece could be taped to a flat surface . also this 4 x 12 flat piece has two holes toward the top where you could insert a zip strip and maybe hang the box on a door handle .
do n't know . we use 2 of them outside an rv office for late arrivals . they 've been up about 4 months in full sun with no problems to date .
well i have n't bought it , but that was my same exact look when i saw the price .
you would need to lift the monitor on off each time .
yes . many people in my office have been using this with both a laptop and a 24 '' monitor so a 27 '' imac safely .
this comes with only the flat mini-desktop and the silver legs . you need to supply the monitor , keyboard and mouse .
a well-done laminate .
it should be . plus they do have additional leg extenders if it is n't quite tall enough . there are at least 2 people in my office who are over 6 feet tall and use this desk without a problem .
i found it to be too small and sent it back .
i think a monitor extension arm would make it unbalanced . but i have a laptop and an 18 '' flat screen monitor and a keyboard on mine and it works nicely .
yes , for me , but i 'm only five foot three and the stand is as high as it will go . on the other hand , my desk is 31 inches high , so if you have something that 's higher it could possibly work . good luck .
it did n't work for me . too small . i sent it back .
what do the planning pages look like ? is it week at a glance ? are there spots to list childrens activities ?
no , this is a spiral bound single use book that covers around 15 months .
one end is square ; you probably have one laying around . i do n't think it is ridiculous ... when i buy electronics i often ca n't use them until i buy paper , batteries , or mem card , etc . but what is ridiculous is when you buy a printer and it comes with `` starter '' ink pack , and with a few prints you run dry . you go to the store and toner + drum cost you more than the cost of the printer ! i 'm looking at you , `` brother '' . thankfully these new samsungs come with full toner and drum ! nobody else does this .
this printer does not have networking capabilities . you will need to purchase the sl-m2625dw in order to have that feature , though it can be configured to work on the network through usb and an airport express or airport extreme .
i have no trouble with paper jamming on my unit , but i can recommend that you should fill the printer tray up and not only put a few sheets in it at a time .
jolene , samsung uses a `` w '' in the part number if it is wireless . bill
it comes with a starter -- low capacity -- toner cartridge .
i finally got an answer from samsung 's facebook support ! so far , they are 2 for 2 in solving issues that multiple live chats and calls did n't resolve with samsung customer support ( other than to tell me to ship the printer to them ! ) . if you have n't already , install the easy printer manager ( you can do so from this link : http : www.samsung.com us support owners product sl-m2825dw xaa # ) . then , - connect your printer to your computer via usb- open easy printer manager > select device settings , then network settings- from the network settings , scroll to the bottom of the list and look for restore default- press the clear button and your password will be reset after you power cycle the printer . i finally got an answer from samsung 's facebook support ! so far , they are 2 for 2 in solving issues that multiple live chats and calls did n't resolve with samsung customer support ( other than to tell me to ship the printer to them ! ) . if you have n't already , install the easy printer manager ( you can do so from this link : http : www.samsung.com us support owners product sl-m2825dw xaa # ) . then , - connect your printer to your computer via usb- open easy printer manager > select device settings , then network settings- from the network settings , scroll to the bottom of ... » read more i finally got an answer from samsung 's facebook support ! so far , they are 2 for 2 in solving issues that multiple live chats and calls did n't resolve with samsung customer support ( other than to tell me to ship the printer to them ! ) . if you have n't already , install the easy printer manager ( you can do so from this link : http : www.samsung.com us support owners product sl-m2825dw xaa # ) . then , - connect your printer to your computer via usb- open easy printer manager > select device settings , then network settings- from the network settings , scroll to the bottom of the list and look for restore default- press the clear button and your password will be reset after you power cycle the printer . « show less
i do not have wifi at home either , and i can print using samsung printing app from my htc cell phone . the printer has it 's own wifi built in.and it is set for wifi direct when arrived.it comes with a cd for installation from yourpc .
no
no just internal paper source
thank you for your inquiry . according to the product description provided by the manufacturer , `` the m2875fd is also google cloud print capable , allowing you to print from anywhere in the world via your google account . `` all of the information we have for this product is in the listing , so we kindly recommend that you direct any detailed questions to samsung.thank you
the fax interface is pots , so you will need an ata adapter ( also known as an fxs ) if your wow service does n't have one installed . if you are currently using traditional ( non voip ) phones with the service , then there is already an ata adapter in place and you do n't need anything else .
not sure , but before you buy please ask about that . i did n't ask but you never can tell ! hope that i have been some kind of assistance ?
yes , we 've been using this with 6 macs on a network for a month with no problems .
sorry no , it can not do that .
it does not require a hard line connection and seems to work well wirelessly .
no .
this machine holds a single sheet in the bypass .
i originally tried to download the drivers and software from samsung 's site but all i could get , even if i chose the specific model , was the 'universal ' drivers . scan to pc would not work , scanning would n't work , but printing did . so i would say if you do n't have a cd-rom drive - to probably choose another printer . i mean - sure - somebody could rip the contents of the cd off to a flash drive or something - but that 's too much trouble imho .
it scans fairly quickly but i 'm not sure how to put that into context . i do n't ever find myself waiting on it like i did with my old scanners . i 'd say it takes 2~3 seconds for a full page but i have n't actually timed it - may be faster than that . you can print double sided automatically [ duplex printing is supported ] .
i have been using vonage for several years . during that time i had multiple different cordless phones . all of them worked . i am currently using uniden that replaced a panasonic . i have had good experiences with every cordless system . also i have used fax machines on the vonage line . good luck .
it can be used as a replacement . it all depends on whether you are an existing vonage customer or not .
one line but sharing with phones ( 3 are wireless )
yes
it 's a serious coin counter for smaller business
preformed
i purchased this machine for american coins , unless a machine except 's coins for your country i would not by it , you should contact the manufacturer good luck .
it runs on ac current
mine has been right on . do n't forget to rest the counter each time . only problem i had was a paper clip that i had to remove . lol .
yes but i always check the hight of the rolls because sometimes coins fall on the side - next time i am going to weight them on my digital kitchen scale . the bank take them anyway , the only think is that you must close the rolls .
no , you need the round wrappers . i would suggest using the flat ones .
yes , you do not need to use the coin wrappers .
do n't think so . it is very picky on size and shape
it plugs into the wall .
this one comes with an ef ( extra fine ) nib . you can search online for twsbi nib sizes and you 'll see examples . if you have nice clean and small handwriting this is the nib you 'll need . if you have standard handwriting then i'de go f ( fine ) .. both would be good for standard utility writing and work . they also have medium , broad , and stub .
yes you can . one the the major qualities of this excellent pen is the easily interchangeable nibs from ef to w to italic .
it happened once to my pen . i own 3 of them and it is not a frequent occurence . of course , it also depends on the type of ink you use . i use noodlers black waterproof fountain and it burped out once . i also use pelikan ink bottle 76 blue - black and it has not burbed out yet . hope this helps .
i do n't have an exact figure in ounces or milliliters , but it holds a lot of ink . with an extra fine nib , it uses very little when you write . but since you can see through the pen , you can see exactly how much ink is in the pen at any time . it could n't be more convenient !
the twsbi diamond 580 fountain pens are available with *your choice* of extra fine , fine , medium , broad , 1.1 italic and 1.5 italic , the latter two suited to calligraphy . the diamond 580 is now also available in colors . you can buy twsbi nibs separately and swap them out if you like . generally , you must match the nibs with the pen . that is , you ca n't use twsbi vac 700 nibs on a twsbi diamond 580 and vice-versa . you can see writing samples of the various twsbi 580 nibs at gouletpens dot com . my personal preference is for ef , which could be called very fine . also , it bears saying that every twsbi i 've bought ( 6+ ) wrote perfectly , right out of the box and the first filling . no `` tuning '' or adjustment of the nib has *ever* been necessary . check out their mini and the new classic , too . the twsbi diamond 580 fountain pens are available with *your choice* of extra fine , fine , medium , broad , 1.1 italic and 1.5 italic , the latter two suited to calligraphy . the diamond 580 is now also available in colors . you can buy twsbi nibs separately and swap them out if you like . generally , you must match the nibs with the pen . that is , you ca n't use twsbi vac 700 nibs on a twsbi diamond 580 and vice-versa . you can see writing samples of the various twsbi 580 nibs at gouletpens dot com . my personal preference is for ef , which could be called very fine . also , it bears saying that every ... » read more the twsbi diamond 580 fountain pens are available with *your choice* of extra fine , fine , medium , broad , 1.1 italic and 1.5 italic , the latter two suited to calligraphy . the diamond 580 is now also available in colors . you can buy twsbi nibs separately and swap them out if you like . generally , you must match the nibs with the pen . that is , you ca n't use twsbi vac 700 nibs on a twsbi diamond 580 and vice-versa . you can see writing samples of the various twsbi 580 nibs at gouletpens dot com . my personal preference is for ef , which could be called very fine . also , it bears saying that every twsbi i 've bought ( 6+ ) wrote perfectly , right out of the box and the first filling . no `` tuning '' or adjustment of the nib has *ever* been necessary . check out their mini and the new classic , too . « show less
the cap sort of fits on the top , but its not designed to neatly fit on like many pens . that is called `` posting '' the cap .
most fountain pen inks are dye-based -- that 's what you want to stick with . avoid pigment-based inks ( like so-called `` india '' ink ) -- they 'll clog up ( and possibly ruin ) your twsbi . luckily , pigment-based inks are few in number and easy to avoid . diamine ( a british co. ) makes wonderful ( dye-based ) inks in a zillion shades . j. herbin ( a 17th-cent . french co. ) is another very nice brand with a huge selection of colors . a very nice ( and bargain-priced ) us-made ink is noodler 's . velvet black ( by private reserve ) is hard to beat . perhaps my personal favorites ( brand-wise ) are the pilot `` iroshizuku '' line -- but they 're not cheap , at $ 25-30 a bottle . have fun ! if you 're like many of us , you 'll end up with a handful of `` favorite '' inks . many retailers ( goulet , isellpens ) will sell samples ( one or two pen fillings , or test-drives ) for a couple of bucks before you invest in a full 30 or 50 ml bottle . most fountain pen inks are dye-based -- that 's what you want to stick with . avoid pigment-based inks ( like so-called `` india '' ink ) -- they 'll clog up ( and possibly ruin ) your twsbi . luckily , pigment-based inks are few in number and easy to avoid . diamine ( a british co. ) makes wonderful ( dye-based ) inks in a zillion shades . j. herbin ( a 17th-cent . french co. ) is another very nice brand with a huge selection of colors . a very nice ( and bargain-priced ) us-made ink is noodler 's . velvet black ( by private reserve ) is hard to beat . perhaps my personal favorites ( brand-wise ) are the pilot ... » read more most fountain pen inks are dye-based -- that 's what you want to stick with . avoid pigment-based inks ( like so-called `` india '' ink ) -- they 'll clog up ( and possibly ruin ) your twsbi . luckily , pigment-based inks are few in number and easy to avoid . diamine ( a british co. ) makes wonderful ( dye-based ) inks in a zillion shades . j. herbin ( a 17th-cent . french co. ) is another very nice brand with a huge selection of colors . a very nice ( and bargain-priced ) us-made ink is noodler 's . velvet black ( by private reserve ) is hard to beat . perhaps my personal favorites ( brand-wise ) are the pilot `` iroshizuku '' line -- but they 're not cheap , at $ 25-30 a bottle . have fun ! if you 're like many of us , you 'll end up with a handful of `` favorite '' inks . many retailers ( goulet , isellpens ) will sell samples ( one or two pen fillings , or test-drives ) for a couple of bucks before you invest in a full 30 or 50 ml bottle . « show less
no , the inside of the card is not blank . everyone of the cards comes with a very inspirational saying .
they are about post card size 4x6
i think there 's three of each
yes , they come w envelopes
yes ! it does . i ordered a set and it came with envelopes .
it 's about 2-1 2 '' in dia . we bot an extra pendant b c mom needed to have one on all the time , even at night . thus , while she was wearing one , the other was charging .
yes , just be sure it is turned on . it will charge whether turned on or off .
i 've never heard it say good morning ... or good night.. the main base that we hang on the wall will announce the caller but that is all i know about that ... maybe its in the programming field . i am looking into it further to check it out . thank you .
i believe both pendants must call the same two numbers once programmed , that is how we are using it for my parents . i do n't recall being able to program the second pendant with different numbers , you just register it for use and it calls the same two programmed numbers .
the `` 1 '' and `` 2 '' buttons can be used to dial the first two numbers programmed on the base unit . you can also use a voice command to call each of the 4 numbers programmed on the base unit . all 4 of the numbers programmed on the base unit can be called by simply pressing its corresponding button on the base unit .
you ca n't dial out reg calls but can answer all incoming calls
i 'm not sure . i have 2 pendants and 1 phone for my grandmother . i leave one pendant hanging in the bathroom incase she falls and the other she wears around her neck or hangs on her walker . she has a tendency to accidentally push the buttons . it is a great product though . she actually pushed the button which calls my cell phone the other night so i 'd bring her some yogurt !
yes
toner life can be measured in number of prints being as the time it lasts depends on your use.so far i have had mine for 3 months and the original cartridges it came with are still working and the three colors still have 80 % left and the black has 60 % left . the cartridges it came with is listed to last 1,000 pages each while the oem cartridges you would buy to replace them is listed to have a life of 2,200 pages for the black and 2,400 pages for the colors each at 5 % toner coverage.hope this helps .
** to reset toner **this will make your printer believe it has a brand new toner . once it says toner low , you can reset it and just print until it runs dry , instead of replacing the toner when you still have 500 prints left.1 ) get to the home screen , if you are stuck at the `` toner low '' or `` replace toner '' message , just press the red x2 ) press the fax button on the touch screen . this is only to light up the numbers so you can ... .3 ) locate and only locate , do n't press , the * ( asterisk ) button . you know where it is now , somewhere to the right of the red x button4 ) press the glowing home button to get home.5 ) open the top as if you were going to change the toner , but do n't remove any toner6 ) with the top open , press and hold the now un-lit * ( asterisk ) button for at least 5 seconds7 ) while keeping the lid open , the toner reset menu will show on the screen8 ) reset your `` low '' or `` empty '' toner by pressing the color and type to reset , all with the lid open9 ) close the lid and wait about 40 seconds per toner that was reset ( ie . 80 seconds if you reset 2 , 120 seconds if you reset 3 ) cstd = cyan standard , cstr = cyan starter , and one other for high yield , etc ... just reset to whatever type you have installed.boom ** to reset toner **this will make your printer believe it has a brand new toner . once it says toner low , you can reset it and just print until it runs dry , instead of replacing the toner when you still have 500 prints left.1 ) get to the home screen , if you are stuck at the `` toner low '' or `` replace toner '' message , just press the red x2 ) press the fax button on the touch screen . this is only to light up the numbers so you can ... .3 ) locate and only locate , do n't press , the * ( asterisk ) button . you know where it is now , somewhere to the right of ... » read more ** to reset toner **this will make your printer believe it has a brand new toner . once it says toner low , you can reset it and just print until it runs dry , instead of replacing the toner when you still have 500 prints left.1 ) get to the home screen , if you are stuck at the `` toner low '' or `` replace toner '' message , just press the red x2 ) press the fax button on the touch screen . this is only to light up the numbers so you can ... .3 ) locate and only locate , do n't press , the * ( asterisk ) button . you know where it is now , somewhere to the right of the red x button4 ) press the glowing home button to get home.5 ) open the top as if you were going to change the toner , but do n't remove any toner6 ) with the top open , press and hold the now un-lit * ( asterisk ) button for at least 5 seconds7 ) while keeping the lid open , the toner reset menu will show on the screen8 ) reset your `` low '' or `` empty '' toner by pressing the color and type to reset , all with the lid open9 ) close the lid and wait about 40 seconds per toner that was reset ( ie . 80 seconds if you reset 2 , 120 seconds if you reset 3 ) cstd = cyan standard , cstr = cyan starter , and one other for high yield , etc ... just reset to whatever type you have installed.boom « show less
yes it comes with toner loaded .
i have not noticed this issue . your choice of paper makes a big difference in the print quality . also there are numerous selections you can make in the print options .
yes it does
lift lid to scan or auto feed scan . your choice
yes . airprint must be enabled on the printer .
since we bought the printer for our engineering office last october , we have printed 1495 pages , 1116 of which had at least some color content , though only about 150 of those had large color pictures , the rest were mostly black and white drawings with a few color graphics and lines . we are still using the original color toner cartridges that came with the printer , and they are are all 2 3 full . we used up the black starter toner cartridge that came with the printer , plus we have used up about 45 % of a tn-221bk black toner cartridge . brother claims that the tn-221bk cartridge will print 2500 pages , and the tn-225c , m and y cartridges will print 2200 pages . i paid $ 283 for a four pack of toner cartridges , one black and three color high-yield brother brand cartridges . but it looks like i will mostly be buying black toner cartridges at $ 60 each . while not cheap , it is a heck of a lot cheaper per page than using ink jet printers , plus the printer is faster and quieter than ink jet printers , and the print quality is great . plus there are no print heads to clog , which eventually killed most of the ink jet printers i 've owned . also , if the toner is not completely used up when the printer says it is you can reset the cartridge and keep printing until the cartridge is empty . since we bought the printer for our engineering office last october , we have printed 1495 pages , 1116 of which had at least some color content , though only about 150 of those had large color pictures , the rest were mostly black and white drawings with a few color graphics and lines . we are still using the original color toner cartridges that came with the printer , and they are are all 2 3 full . we used up the black starter toner cartridge that came with the printer , plus we have used up about 45 % of a tn-221bk black toner cartridge . brother claims that the tn-221bk cartridge will print 2500 ... » read more since we bought the printer for our engineering office last october , we have printed 1495 pages , 1116 of which had at least some color content , though only about 150 of those had large color pictures , the rest were mostly black and white drawings with a few color graphics and lines . we are still using the original color toner cartridges that came with the printer , and they are are all 2 3 full . we used up the black starter toner cartridge that came with the printer , plus we have used up about 45 % of a tn-221bk black toner cartridge . brother claims that the tn-221bk cartridge will print 2500 pages , and the tn-225c , m and y cartridges will print 2200 pages . i paid $ 283 for a four pack of toner cartridges , one black and three color high-yield brother brand cartridges . but it looks like i will mostly be buying black toner cartridges at $ 60 each . while not cheap , it is a heck of a lot cheaper per page than using ink jet printers , plus the printer is faster and quieter than ink jet printers , and the print quality is great . plus there are no print heads to clog , which eventually killed most of the ink jet printers i 've owned . also , if the toner is not completely used up when the printer says it is you can reset the cartridge and keep printing until the cartridge is empty . « show less
i can select the print options from my computer when i am printing a document . one of the options is to print the document in mono , or black and white . it seems to always default to color , but it only takes a moment to change .
yes on all counts ... ... it 's been terrific . i love printing from apple products from anywhere in house !
great ! instr . on toner reset , september 28 , 2013 . - http : www.amazon.com review r21x5o6qyb4ifq ref=cm_cr_dp_title ? ie=utf8 &asin; =b00djg8d88 &nodeid; =172282 &store; =electronics
it is definitely not a printer meant for photo printing . also a lot depends on paper quality ... i print property fliers on basic copy paper and the print is very crisp ... the pictures are good but far from high quality ... it is a great all around printer
it does make noise but its not that loud . i have it right next to my desk . when its not running it is silent .
no
no
user 's guide starting at page 74 , replacing ink cartridges . do not take out cartridges if you do not need to replace . when told to replace , cartridge retains small amount of ink to prevent air from drying out and damaging print head . for each new cartridge you install , press yes for new to reset ink dot counter for that color . if not brand new , press no . i find nothing in the instructions that suggests that black only will not work . colors obviously interact . to play it safe with your machine a visit to brother on line would be my best advice . rosemary read
to tell the truth , i really do n't remember but once you set up using your wifi router you wo n't need it anymore . i even found thhe app for my android netbook so i can print remotely or even scan from the printer to the netbook . i works great and consumers report said it was more consertive with ink . i will never go back to lexmark and their scamming you for ink .
i currently run windows 7 ( 64 bit ) , however drivers are available for the following platforms : windows 7 ( 32-bit ) windows 7 ( 64-bit ) windows 8 ( 32-bit ) windows 8 ( 64-bit ) windows vista ( 32-bit ) windows vista ( 64-bit ) windows xpwindows xp ( 64-bit )
no
it does come with ink , but i suspect the cartridges are only partially full , as most places do with the first set . we bought our printer fall 2013 , and with fairly regular home printing , we are only now replacing the black cartridges 6 mos later . as for what ink , we just bought a compatible multi pack on amazon , though they usually wo n't let people list brands in comments . it is 4 black and two cmy , and reviews seemed fine , so we 'll see . the brother type is lc103 , lc105 , lc107 .
14.89 for 12 pencils which are refillable but very hard to find the refills . i recommend these highly for everything compared to the stick variety you unwrap .
trisha , good morning . this product is sold in packs of 12. thank you for asking , and have a nice day.shannon gonzalez
metal
bradford , yes , most of the time has expired because these are july 3013 to december 2014 calendars . i would just wait a month or so and purchase the 2014 2015 calendar.they are excellent calendars , which i highly recommend.hattie m .
they say it may vary but i think since you clicked on the blue you will get the blue i did i think they copied and pasted the info
it is an 8 1 2 x 11 binder
8 inches long by 5 inches wide ( width includes the spiral wire binding that holds the book together ) by a touch over 1 2 inch thick .
black .
on the weekly sections , yes . they are half the size of the other days of the week .
yes . there are twelve numbered lines under each individual date .
probably 3x6 or 4x8 perfect pocketbook size !
about the size of a large index card ( 5x8 ) ... sorry i do n't have it with me right now , but that is a close guess . i use it daily .
it is maybe 5 inches tall , i would not be surprised if it was closer to 4.5. it is very small , but the size does make it extremely convenient for fitting into backpacks or even pockets !
8 7 8 '' wide , 9 3 8 '' deep and 4 '' high
no
30 inches
yes it is if you look at the reviews you will see , on the right , product images from customers and you can see how it looks . it is white like white melamine board , not grey as in the amazon product picture .
inside left to right 8 7 8 '' , front to back 9 3 8 '' . 4 1 8 '' tall
the bottom tall part is 11 '' depth , the top since it has the overhang is 12 '' in depth and the shelf is 10 7 16 in depth .
19.5 inches tall
depends on what medium you are trying to adhere to !
i do n't see any problem if the wood is first sealed with poly . i used mine on a headstock of a guitar which i sealed with tru-oil . you just need a sealer to prevent the moisture from soaking into the wood . as far as removable , well these are just like any other water decal . once it 's set then it 's stuck and will have to be scraped or sanded off . i did find i had better results by not over soaking them . just soak then enough where it first becomes loose from the backing paper
i used my canon inkjet printer
8 1 2 x 11 ''
2 or 3
these decals are thin .
it was a 400 but it just sold . sorry .
i do n't know exactly how the 8x8.com service is configured , but it is a standard sip phone that can be configured to register to any ip address ( private or public ) . assuming they are using a sip based hosted pbx and you can get through the firewalls , then yes . if you are not skilled in configuring these phones and 8x8 does not offer specific configuration steps for this particular phone , i do n't recommend it . you are probably better off getting something fully supported by your service provider ...
hi joe , thanks for the inquiry . they are used open box units in like new condition and ship in a polycom box.we have about 15 available at the moment . please keep in mind that these phones support poe and do not come with power supply . there would be an additional charge if you need power supplies.feel free to call or message with any further questions.regards , dan231-946-4162
polycom is known for excellent voice quality . this phone has excellent quality fir voice . do n't however be fooled with the hd hipe . unless all phones are hd this feature is not active . quality is excellent but not hd . you will be heard well and be able to hear well . i use mine in a quite door closed office and it works great with the speakerphone . i have n't picked up the handset in a really long time .
no , it does n't . power supply must be ordered separately ... i think the manufacturer expects you to use `` power over ethernet '' ( or it 's an excuse to not include one ... )
no this will not work with magic jack .
yes - polycom has been a long standing leader in the speakerphone and conference speaker mic space . assuming that your provider or pbx supports it each stream will also take advantage of hd voice ( g.722 ) wideband audio .
yes but you need to buy wall mount kit
it works great . it takes a couple of pages to clear the air in the lines but after that it is trouble free . the only problem i have is if the power is out for an extended period of time , then the printer thinks it is out of ink as it ca n't find the epson cartridge so you have to tell the printer it does indeed have ink . follow the installation directions and it fairly easy to install . i also purchased the refill kit as i run out of ink 2 to 3 times a year . so far i have not had to refill it as there is quite a bit of ink in the kit .
yes
this is dye based ink generic .
hi ! this come with ink.. is like 100 cc each color .
yes , i have them installed on a xp310 . i'f i let them sit for a long time i have to do a clean nozzle , other than that they work really good .
n we have different liting for wf 2630. not this one .
dear customer : thank you for contacting us . we are sorry but this cis not compatible with wf-2650 model and we do n't have cis for wf-2650 . please do n't hesitate ask us if you have any question . thank you .
yes of course .
with the little adjuster on the cartridge put in the empty position ( where it would be if no ink were in it ) just dip the nib into the ink ( cartridge attached ) and then while it is immersed in the ink , carefully twist the little adjuster in the other direction so that it forms a vacuum and pulls the ink into the cartridge . i hope that makes sense !
both it comes with a refillable cart and part number to order one time use , love it writes very well
hello i 'm blaine and i 'll help get your pen started . take your notebook make sure you have ink . on a clean sheet take your pen make sure you have nib facing up⬆️ start going in circles and get larger as you go after a minute or two you 'll start seeing ink go in circles until you reach desired consistency . your set enjoy your new pen .
it is called a converter .
my guess is that it is not made for cartridges but only to be filled from a bottle of ink .
it does not have ink in it . we need to buy ink .
very simple ... open as you would any regular pen by twisting the nib which opens it and allow you to remove the converter and replace it with the ink cartridges ...
it actually came in an envelope that fit right in my mail box . it 's very light but heavy enough to know that there 's a pen in hand .
yes you can use just the ink cartridge . i hope that tells you what you needed to know .
you may use any quality ink that is designed for fountain pen , such as waterman and parker , or any other ink that is not contain shellac .
there is no box . the pen comes bubble wrapped in an envelope about the length of the pen . the pen itself , inked , weighs just slightly over one ounce .
it does n't take cartridges , it is a refillable pen . i bought a bottle of ink and its lasted at least a year and through two pens
i know very little about the specific underwood models ( new to typewriters ) , but this worked perfectly for mine which was from the 1930 's . the company had a good return policy and were easy to deal with . hope this helps .
yes
did not work on mine . definitely not universal .
no -- english only .
yes , this is a 2014 version . eric principal office
i had same question . it does not say . i ordered one from office depot instead
hi d. flint ! thank you for your inquiry ! we offer it for $ 8.76 plus $ 6.98 shipping on amazon . i am not sure how you are getting $ 50 for shipping.please contact amazon customer service to resolve this issue.aistebisonoffice
should not be a problem if the location uses 911system only uses phone linessystem is preprogramed to call 911 as first or last numbersystem progresses thru all programed numbers then calls 911 if no answer on any other line
yes
when you purchase certain items , it requires you to register it . this usually requires you to go to their website and enter a model and serial number . this is for the warranty and certain companies require this .
no , there is no mic or earphone on the remote units
yes , with the optional bluetooth adapter you can use this system with your cell phone . for more information go to http : www.assistivetechnologyservices.com pavdii.html
yes
mark , this nib appears to be a medium point . it produces a beautiful smooth line without grabbing or scratching . i purchased this pen for my wife who loves fountain pens , and she loves this one . it is one of the most beautiful and unique pens i have ever seen . i would not hesitate to to buy another .
hi , if by loading you mean ink , you need an inkwell type ink . i use mine with waterman serenity blue in which can be found in amazon ( be sure to use a good brand as others may contain impurities that will cause clogs and not look as they should on paper . to load it , you unscrew the cap , then you unscrew the remaining outside part of the pen by holding still the black area on top of the nib and turning counter clockwise the pen . you will be left with the cartouche and nib . the cartouche is not disposable so do not throw it away ! there is a knob at the very top of the cartouche , press own on it to make sure it is in place tightly then stick the nib in the inkwell and turn the knob counter-clockwise until the extraction device has made it all the way down to the bottom of the cartouche , then turn it clockwise until you have a cartouche with the amount of ink you want . i hope this helps . hi , if by loading you mean ink , you need an inkwell type ink . i use mine with waterman serenity blue in which can be found in amazon ( be sure to use a good brand as others may contain impurities that will cause clogs and not look as they should on paper . to load it , you unscrew the cap , then you unscrew the remaining outside part of the pen by holding still the black area on top of the nib and turning counter clockwise the pen . you will be left with the cartouche and nib . the cartouche is not disposable so do not throw it away ! there is a knob at the very top of the cartouche , press own on ... » read more hi , if by loading you mean ink , you need an inkwell type ink . i use mine with waterman serenity blue in which can be found in amazon ( be sure to use a good brand as others may contain impurities that will cause clogs and not look as they should on paper . to load it , you unscrew the cap , then you unscrew the remaining outside part of the pen by holding still the black area on top of the nib and turning counter clockwise the pen . you will be left with the cartouche and nib . the cartouche is not disposable so do not throw it away ! there is a knob at the very top of the cartouche , press own on it to make sure it is in place tightly then stick the nib in the inkwell and turn the knob counter-clockwise until the extraction device has made it all the way down to the bottom of the cartouche , then turn it clockwise until you have a cartouche with the amount of ink you want . i hope this helps . « show less
i can not ; but i 'll tell you what i would do . i would find a jewel either the same or different color and superglue it in . i 've done this myself a few times . then put a little dab on the stone to secure it that way as well
yes it is a screw off cap . i love this pen it writes so smooth . there is a weight to it , but i like that since you dont have to do anything but hold it as it glides across the paper . good luck hope you enjoy writting with it as much as i do .
do n't know the uscutter never worked and still not fixed yet had two tickets on it , and after the three month warranty ran out they said i had to pay for it ... ..
yes it came with everything .
i use corel draw and photoshop to prepare my files . by that i mean , i create my logo , design , etc . in the program ( corel draw ) and safe it as a low bit png file . then i go over to the sure cuts a lot program screen and import or place the previously created saved file on the matt ( desktop of surecutsalot ) . the critical part here is , that sometimes the matt does not show the trace outline image i created , after hitting the cut window button . so you have to play around a little , go back to corel and adjust , re-save the pic , etc . and redo . it does work for me , but remember.. the more lines , corners , trickiness your design has , this cutter has its limits . now if you question is , if the corel opens or works directly with the cutter , without the surecutsalot software , i do not know or have not done that . all in all , if you are good with corel and play around with creation - import paste - trace - cut it will take you maybe an hour to figure it all out . the biggest problem i had , was that if the pic design is not properly traced , even though it shows perfectly on the surecutsalot matt screen , it will suddenly cut through the middle of your design vinyl and ruin a big batch of your material . which was hard , because i hate wasting material . but if that happens , then the customer service recommends to redo reimport , etc . but even better to create the design in surecutsalot from the start . surecutsalot does not really offer much design play room , so id rather redo . i hope this makes somewhat sense . i love the cutter for the price . and recommend it . customer service is american based and very helpful . i believe people get frustrated with the item , because they do not understand the connection between software and cutter . good luck i use corel draw and photoshop to prepare my files . by that i mean , i create my logo , design , etc . in the program ( corel draw ) and safe it as a low bit png file . then i go over to the sure cuts a lot program screen and import or place the previously created saved file on the matt ( desktop of surecutsalot ) . the critical part here is , that sometimes the matt does not show the trace outline image i created , after hitting the cut window button . so you have to play around a little , go back to corel and adjust , re-save the pic , etc . and redo . it does work for me , but remember.. the more ... » read more i use corel draw and photoshop to prepare my files . by that i mean , i create my logo , design , etc . in the program ( corel draw ) and safe it as a low bit png file . then i go over to the sure cuts a lot program screen and import or place the previously created saved file on the matt ( desktop of surecutsalot ) . the critical part here is , that sometimes the matt does not show the trace outline image i created , after hitting the cut window button . so you have to play around a little , go back to corel and adjust , re-save the pic , etc . and redo . it does work for me , but remember.. the more lines , corners , trickiness your design has , this cutter has its limits . now if you question is , if the corel opens or works directly with the cutter , without the surecutsalot software , i do not know or have not done that . all in all , if you are good with corel and play around with creation - import paste - trace - cut it will take you maybe an hour to figure it all out . the biggest problem i had , was that if the pic design is not properly traced , even though it shows perfectly on the surecutsalot matt screen , it will suddenly cut through the middle of your design vinyl and ruin a big batch of your material . which was hard , because i hate wasting material . but if that happens , then the customer service recommends to redo reimport , etc . but even better to create the design in surecutsalot from the start . surecutsalot does not really offer much design play room , so id rather redo . i hope this makes somewhat sense . i love the cutter for the price . and recommend it . customer service is american based and very helpful . i believe people get frustrated with the item , because they do not understand the connection between software and cutter . good luck « show less
yes you can use this type vinyl for lettering for vehicles and it should last 3-5 yrs . to learn about different vinyl 's and there uses , they have a tutorial video that you can watch regarding this .
yes , i am using it on my 2009 imac and all i had to do was plug in the usb cord it comes with into the cutter and my imac and install the sure cuts software and it works perfectly fine .
yes it works with my mac !
if your cutting through the vinyl and paper , you can adjust the blade pressure on the physical machine and remove and reseat the cutting blade ensuring the depth is set correctly , 2 3rd the depth of a credit card edge . watch the youtube videos of installing a blade if your still having issues .
maybe
yes . the software that comes with the cutter allows you to cut all sizes .
i do n't know . we never put it on a flat surface long enough to tell .
no my friend it is for 2014-2015 .
it measures approx . 3.5 '' x 6.25 '' .
3.5 `` x 6 '' closed
inch and a sixteenth by an inch and an eighth , with sat & sun sharing a block .
no it is n't
when it is brand new , no . after several weeks of use , yes . the cover is a kind of a stiff plastic . i just tried bending the cover completely back on itself on mine and running my fingers down the fold . now it stays open and lies flat , but the top cover does n't lie flat when it is closed . that 's ok for me . i have a leather cover for calendars this size that i just slip the new refill into . and that cover will keep it closed .
the 79-024 model planner is 6 '' x 3 1 2 ''
the hp easy scan software that comes with this printer will allow you to save the scanned file as a multi-page tiff .
yes , it scans double-sided pages . it 's a wonderful little work-horse . the only drawback is scanning large documents . the feed tray will take about 10-15 pages at a time . but you can easily add batches of that amount until done with large documents . it wo n't close out the scan until you tell it you 're done .
it is not .
11 '' wide6 '' high5 '' deep closed 10 '' deep with paper-catcher open
i do not know the maximum number of pages the document feeder can handle however , i have placed 25 sheets without any issues that needed to scan the front and back of the page for a total of 50 images . the manufacturers documentation indicates 50 sheets is the maximum number of pages that can be placed in the feeder at one time . you can place in a certain number of sheets then scan the first group then place another group of pages in the feeder and the hp easy scan software will allow you to append to the generated pdf file .
it converts text to pdf , which is convertible . not sure what else you want it to do . it 's a great unit . the 5000 is a better , long term , purchase
no need to scan each page separately . just load all pages ( up to about 25 sheets ) in the feeder and it scans them all as a single doc . i highly recommend this scanner . i handles the target pages quickly and efficiently , and if there 's printing on the backside , it automatically scans that too . i have n't had a paper jam yet , and i use the `` searchable pdf '' option for output . i 've used a much larger ( and more expensive ) canon dr2020du scanner for years , and this hp is much more reliable and intuitive .
yes , i use it on a windows 7 it works well on that as well as programs i run under xp still very happy after a couple of months use .
it does not come with filing software , but you do n't need it . you can just save them as a pdf , tif , jpg , etc into any folder and anywhere you would like .
it is battery powered only . it seems to use little battery power , i 'm still using the original batteries i installed .
yes , its quite small
hiyou will need both weights to calibrate this scale ( 200gram and 500grams ) . i have a set of labotory weights , so i am able to varify this scales accuracy . i use it daily . it has never been off by more then 0.03grams . not bad for a 500g x 0.01g scale which cost me less then twenty dollars . i spent around two hundred for my weights alone.i think you will like this scale . p.s . when my scale arrived it was . accurate plus or minus 0.02grams.good luck , have fun . george d. 3-6-14 3:21pm
yes it will
no anchors - just rubber feet . you could probably fashion a mount with l brackets from the hardware store .
yes , it does come out . it is exchangeable . i do n't recall if it came with one or not , but there is exchangeable drawers on amazon for a good price . this vendor sells them . we ordered a few for this purpose . search amazon for `` till for the cash drawers , d41prb d41srb '' the only downside is there 's a slot at the top above the lock , where change tends to slide into when giving change . it 's an ez fix , just tape over it .
i had the same exact question and asked my pos dealer . however if you do n't have a pos dealer support then if you look at the ports available there should be one marked `` drawer '' or you may have a spare `` printer '' port and the voltage should be next to it . as long as its not more than 24v , you should be fine . if you do not know if it is an rj11 socket or not , try putting a phone line cord in the socket if it fits than it is an rj11 socket . you could also do an internet search for : `` [ exact name of your pos system & model ] compatible with 24v rj11 cash drawer '' hope that helps . i had the same exact question and asked my pos dealer . however if you do n't have a pos dealer support then if you look at the ports available there should be one marked `` drawer '' or you may have a spare `` printer '' port and the voltage should be next to it . as long as its not more than 24v , you should be fine . if you do not know if it is an rj11 socket or not , try putting a phone line cord in the socket if it fits than it is an rj11 socket . you could also do an internet search for : `` [ exact name of your pos system & model ] compatible with 24v rj11 cash drawer '' hope ... » read more i had the same exact question and asked my pos dealer . however if you do n't have a pos dealer support then if you look at the ports available there should be one marked `` drawer '' or you may have a spare `` printer '' port and the voltage should be next to it . as long as its not more than 24v , you should be fine . if you do not know if it is an rj11 socket or not , try putting a phone line cord in the socket if it fits than it is an rj11 socket . you could also do an internet search for : `` [ exact name of your pos system & model ] compatible with 24v rj11 cash drawer '' hope that helps . « show less
it 's designed to plug in to a receipt printer . so two things to check out . 1.make sure your printer is epson emulation . 2. make sure the cash drawer is set up in the pos software as being attached to the same port that your receipt printer is .
yes . note : my locksmith could n't make me extra keys , but you get them online .
yes the black plastic molded cash drawer comes out separate from the metal drawer which also is removable and of course the coin tray is separate and removable
you just push on the front and it pops open ... .it has a `` spring mechanism '' . easy to use ... .as our drawer is not connected to our point of sale system & therefore does not open electronically .
hmm , good question . i do n't think so . not sure where you 'd get them . sorry i could n't be more helpful .
yes it does . quite clearly .
yes it does show incoming caller id .
you need to call your phone provider to get 3 way calling.1 . call no1 then press flash on the left -- -2. dial 2nd person , hold down flash again , release and voila . good luck .
not the base of the phone . press menu up or down to ringers -- select ringer volume -- select ringer off.you should check your `` quick start guide '' for any other info .
i understand exactly what you 're talking about . i had that same problem . try to do it before you mount it on the wall . in other words . play around with it a little and see if you can do it without mounting first . i just checked mine and it is sitting perfectly , but it can be a pain to get it right . it will fit , but it will try your patience first .
yes , you can set the base unit to beep when there in a new message . the beep is not loud & it 's volume can not be changed , but it 's loud enough to heat ...
john - the ringers can be raised or lowered . `` very loud '' is subjective to each individual . we believe it gets rather loud . thanks !
yes . the number is associated with the line coming in to your house .
it is a cordless phone . it communicates only with a base station which is plugged into a phone jack connected to the telephone network .
i do not know . please check with the manufacturer .
i honestly do n't know ... . maybe call at &t;
in addition to the machine , you 'll need plastic coils , covers , and a pair of coil crimping pliers . all of these items are sold separately and available for purchase on amazon . the most common coil sizes are those for smaller books , generally ranging between 6mm and 12mm ( which will accommodate books up to 92 pages , based on 20 lb . paper ) .
the silver button looking things on the front can be pulled forward to disengage individual whole punches . this will alow you to punch the exact number of holes you want for any book . the spiral bindings can be cut with wire cutters to smaller sizes as well . long answer short , yes , you can do smaller books with this machine .
no it can not ... ... you could punch the holes then flip the paper over and punch them again , but lining up the holes would be a task ... ..other than that it is an awesome machine .
i use it exclusively for spiral binding . i ordered the following:18mm ( 11 16 '' ) black coil bindings ( qty 100 ) 10mm ( 3 8 '' ) black coil bindings ( qty 100 ) 14mm ( 9 16 '' ) black coil bindings ( qty 100 ) sold by : lamination depot through amazon
not knowing exactly what medium weight chipboard is , it 's hard to say . but i will say that going through the rated 20 sheets of paper ( glossy calendar pages , which are thicker than standard copy paper ) seems pretty much at the edge of it 's capability . it takes a lot of force , and there is a lot of friction on the punches as they go through that much thickness .
yes , came with mine .
absolutely ! we did over 500 35 page books on 20lb copy paper on one of our machines this may and it keeps coming back for more . it works the fastest to punch about 15 pages a time . high qaulity machine that produced a great product .
i am not 100 % how many pages that 100cc will print but i can tell you i am an artist and i use this machine everyday for my archival prints . i bought this back in september and have n't run out of ink yet . i could n't find the refill on amazon so i ordered it from here..http : www.inkowl.com index.php ? p=product &q; =r2000 &product; =6282 it 's a little more expensive than the other stuff but it 's much better quality.. this will last me probably 6 months printing daily .
i did not get it to work for me . for some reason i could get it to recognize one cartridge even after they send another chip . it had been over 6 months since i had order it they did try to help with tech support . but i just gave up because i needed to use my printer and put reg . cartridge back in .
no
if you have an existing yealink base , yes , you can have multiple headsets . they do sell additional headsets as a stand alone item that would be a better value .
hi ! this is a add on to the yealink yea-w52p only
yes you can add up to 5 head set with one w52p base .
yes , it comes with a charging station .
no
just the blade guard and the tie plate .
replacement blade for 12 '' professional guillotine paper cutter a4 that is we got on amazon , you can also search on ebay to find compatable blades
i just measured the opening next to the blade , it is slightly larger than 12 inches . i use it for standard 11 inch documents . it could not do 17 inch length paper .
40 to 50 sheets for sure , probably more .
i think it can . it is very sharp .
i put 200 20lb sheets in it , and it would n't even come close to cutting that . i 'm a 250lb man and nearly broke the lever pulling on it .
yes i have windows 8.1 , works great ! love the printer
yes . i have a mac mini and also an ipad and iphone . works from all of them .
no
yes
very good
i did not understand your question , is not referred to , put another detail ... if it 's this information ... package case weight 19.5 kg 43 lbs volume : 28 x 20 x 16 inches = 53,976
yes
we put them on two different chairs here in the office . works great ! they are a bit taller than before , which for us was a bonus .
i checked a picture of the office star 5500 and it appears that it should work but i suggest you check the dimensions of the cylinder you have . if the replacement is a little longer it really should n't really matter , but the width is crucial . it may be that all the chairs have the same width cylinders . not sure about that , though.the job will be much easier if you get a dead blow hammer . a large rubber mallet , which i used , should work but a regular hammer may damage the chair and might not generate the pushing force needed to unseat the cylinder . if i need to do this in the future , i will get a 4 lbs dead blow hammer . there are several youtube videos on this project . i found this one to be most helpful : http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=uidby4fouwq.good luck.walt i checked a picture of the office star 5500 and it appears that it should work but i suggest you check the dimensions of the cylinder you have . if the replacement is a little longer it really should n't really matter , but the width is crucial . it may be that all the chairs have the same width cylinders . not sure about that , though.the job will be much easier if you get a dead blow hammer . a large rubber mallet , which i used , should work but a regular hammer may damage the chair and might not generate the pushing force needed to unseat the cylinder . if i need to do this in the ... » read more i checked a picture of the office star 5500 and it appears that it should work but i suggest you check the dimensions of the cylinder you have . if the replacement is a little longer it really should n't really matter , but the width is crucial . it may be that all the chairs have the same width cylinders . not sure about that , though.the job will be much easier if you get a dead blow hammer . a large rubber mallet , which i used , should work but a regular hammer may damage the chair and might not generate the pushing force needed to unseat the cylinder . if i need to do this in the future , i will get a 4 lbs dead blow hammer . there are several youtube videos on this project . i found this one to be most helpful : http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=uidby4fouwq.good luck.walt « show less
yes , this cylinder comes assembled including the bearing and lower attaching hardware kit .
1 ''
worked well
taper fit -- just remove the old cylinder and insert the new . you will be pleased with the unit .
yes it will that what i got it has a high back . i replaced my four months ago its great
this is not that high . you need to keep searching for some type of extra tall lift . or , get an elevated base ... a different base that will lift you the additional 5 or 6 inches . at full extension , the bottom of my seat is lifted about 15 inches above the top of the star base . from the floor , the top of my seat is almost 23 '' from the floor . hope that helps .
thank you for your inquiry . we do not have available the complete instruction manual . we do have installation instructions for many of our parts at our web site . you will need your invoice number and ship too zip code to enter and simply follow the directions from there.let us know
yes - it does work with ipad - however , the extent of the functionality is dependent on the app . i use it with an app for first data , and it will scan to upload inventory items , but not to scan items at check out . i contacted the app developer and they said `` ya - we have n't developed that functionality yet '' . so it does work with ipad , but may or may not ( or may partially ) work with your app .
it should have come with initialization instructions and manual on a 3 '' cd
have not used it yet .
apple ipad 2 and apple iphone 4s
it will read the bar code representing the isbn and give you it as readable text . you will need to create the software that take that information and pull book data from the various sources .
i 've used it with my mac mini and ipad 2 and scanned every barcode i threw at it . in fact i used it to add some items to my amazon inventory ... so yes .
indirectly , you have to use their coin wrappers which sit on a pedestal and collect the coins . when the coins reach the very top of the wrapper you have a full roll .
it 's designed for u.s. coins so only if it 's the same size
it does n't stop - the `` extra '' coins just fall into the bottom tray . this is pretty good for the price . i rolled almost $ 2,000.00 in coins with this machine and it only jammed a few times and that was because i overloaded the top part .
hey bjorn ! i carry up to 11 business cards in there . a 12th one would leave them all crammed , which would make it difficult to get the first one out . note however that my business cards are vistaprint premium stock with their spot-gloss finish ... in other words using a different stock and finish would allow you to comfortably fit more than 11 cards into the holder.i hope this helps !
yes , can name engraved or logo-ed on the product , over 100 pcs no addition charge . please ask detail on my store seen2308 .
it 's for business cards , i have not used it for credit cards
yes
its a thin case and my business cards are heavy stock so it fits about 15 of my cards . it would probably fit more if the card was thinner
nothing larger than the standard 2in x 3.5in size .
company logo ? on the card holder itself- there is only a blank area for engraving , no other company logo or identifiers
i fit 14 comfortably . it holds 12-17
i 've measured 92mm x 63mm x 9mm on unit that opens wide ( don , t remember model # # ) second measures 98mm x 60mm x 9mm and it opens from top .
the logo is on the box it comes in . the metallic plate on the front of the holder is blank . you can have it engraved when you get it .
without question . i have one from 2004the card diameter will be no problem . the height just makes it .
no , it doesnt because i had my boyfriends holder engraved myself
yes it does have the logo on the front like the picture shows . it is a very nice quality business card holder though . i am very happy with mine .
not directly to the company , but in my town i can turn them in with my other old and outdated electronics that is recycled by our dpw .
yes , that 's the right toner cartridge for that printer model . i have the same .
i have tried brother replacements without success and this canon replacement is the first i can honestly say i am very pleased with and i hope you have a similar experience . the company appears to have a guarantee of quality . good luck
not sure - but so far , so good . the print has been fine - not light as reported but others . i 'll be using it more in the coming two weeks so will report back if it starts fading or runs out .
yes . this is the same as for any other modern printer . if your ink runs out then replace rhe cartridge wirh this .
according to the box it will work with the mf4880w and mf4890dw .
full excellent product
side to side
this file cabinet does have letter and legal size hang rails . they fit in sturdy and can absorb a fair amount of weight . i am very pleased with the unit and would highly recommend for a small office or home office
the drawers are on a ball bearing track similar to a kitchen cabinet drawer . they roll smoothly .
there are bottoms on the drawers , but they are very thin . i only put a few office supplies in from of the folders .
29 '' w x 18-1 2 '' d x 28 '' h
dimensions are 29 '' w x 18-1 2 '' d x 28 '' h
it works for standard files .
yes , check the hp user guide , integer math is discussed beginning on page 575 and functions are described beginning on pg 544 : http : h10032.www1.hp.com ctg manual c04119981.pdf
hello cristina , you can choose which writing mode you want between these three modes . i use only algebraic data but i can change it . it 's very simple to choose a writing mode . you must go in the main set up and select a writing mode on he first page . i hope that my answer will satisfy you completely . please apologise me for my late reply . best regards
the keys are hard .
hi hector . yes , the hp prime has a very nice , and very fast programming language similar to other versions of basic . it has 32 mb of `` standard '' memory , and 256mb of flash memory . i 've been programming it for awhile , and the amount of memory does n't even cross my mind . it would take a huge number of very big programs to use it up . hp set it up to suggest people create `` apps '' , which are a collection of programs , notes , and other views to create a complete application . i tend to like programming it more directly , kind of old-school style , where the programs are more stand-alone , with their own io to get the job done . but both approaches work well . hi hector . yes , the hp prime has a very nice , and very fast programming language similar to other versions of basic . it has 32 mb of `` standard '' memory , and 256mb of flash memory . i 've been programming it for awhile , and the amount of memory does n't even cross my mind . it would take a huge number of very big programs to use it up . hp set it up to suggest people create `` apps '' , which are a collection of programs , notes , and other views to create a complete application . i tend to like programming it more directly , kind of old-school style , where the programs are more ... » read more hi hector . yes , the hp prime has a very nice , and very fast programming language similar to other versions of basic . it has 32 mb of `` standard '' memory , and 256mb of flash memory . i 've been programming it for awhile , and the amount of memory does n't even cross my mind . it would take a huge number of very big programs to use it up . hp set it up to suggest people create `` apps '' , which are a collection of programs , notes , and other views to create a complete application . i tend to like programming it more directly , kind of old-school style , where the programs are more stand-alone , with their own io to get the job done . but both approaches work well . « show less
yes it is !
comes with what included ?
john , as far as i can see , languages are not compatible . on hp50 one uses the stack as an aid for calculations , on prime we sadly lost the stack so the variables should be defined into the program and passed internally as arguments . the structure of the language reminds me of pascal or a structured basic , using main programs ( the ones that say export [ name ] ( [ arguments ] ) and subroutines in the same code .
this printer comes with one standard cartridge mlt-d203s , not the high-density d203l cartridge . i have printed 300 pages and have 82 % left on this standard cartridge .
no
the one had did not scan or fax , that i was aware of . and the fold down paper feed was single sheet .
it is just a laser printer , two sides , and also two pages per paper side , to save paper . but no print or fax . this is not an all in one printer
yes it does . automatic .
samsung original mlt-d203s cartridge is the one i purchased . estimated usage is 3k . there are several other cartridges that offer higher yields if you have high volume .
i do n't know and probably never will find out because i 've quit using mine because i get so many paper jams that it is using paper faster than ink !
i think so ! it is good based on my experience .
i 'm not sure the do n't size . we have used them on all sizes , but now try to order the bags already printed with the warning .
hi , these work great , they are easy to peel and stick well.hope this helps .
no they are square .
it 's not paired correctly or the battery is low ?
the laser is red .
trying bluetooth connection
did you receive an answer for this ? i have also lost my usb transmitter . i attempted to replace it with another genius product 's transmitter , but that did not work .
i have been using it for 3 months now , and problem at all with the charge . the bettery works perfectly !
any microusb cord should charge it .
yes . it works with mac and keynote .
the ring comes with a little usb cable to charge off any usb port , i use the usb port on my keyboard .
cd 's are not micro-shred , just the paper . the blades cut them about 1 '' in width , no cross-cut either .
i honestly never shred more than 3 cards at one time , but it was fine . no problem . i am very happy with this shredder . i wish i had few cards laying around so i can try it and let you know , but i do n't have that many laying around my place . : )
10.5 '' d x 13.5 '' w x 19 '' h
hello , richard . i really ca n't give you a specific amount of time ; i have used the shredder for 1 - 2 hours at a time and it did not overheat . i hope that helps a little .
manual says 72db
no , the shredder is disabled when you pull out the basket over just less than an inch . the blue [ ready ] light goes out as well .
yes it does , with plastic spacers .
bags are not recommended for certain shredders because of a safety interlock tab that is on the basket and inserts in to a slot on the shredder head ; however , the fm120p has a pull out bin and a bag is perfectly fine to use on this product .
yes , these ink cartridges fit just fine . bought 50 of them and have worked in the jinhao x450 pens . hope this helps
i do n't have the 8802 but i do have several of the jinhao pens and it seems that all of the ink cartridges are fitting using these refills instead of using the part that comes with it .
you just push the cartridge in ( the end that tapers ) . it takes a good push , but you will feel it seat when it penetrates the cartridge .
yes
yes , they should .
i have used these cartridges for all of my fountain pens . the international size cartridges usually fit in all fountain pens . the most important part is to make sure that you clean your pen when switching ink if it 's a different brand or color . you can do that by taking a couple drops of liquid detergent in a bowl of water & clean your nib & ink feed really well . then rise in a bowl of clear water extremely well & let dry completely . i hope this helps some . take care & god bless !
just put it into pen cavity , narrow tip first.the pen will puncture cartridge . carefully press firmly . walah ! you are done .
it should be work
the thickness is 1.75 inches . both size descriptions are correct . the pages are 5.5 inches by 8.5 inches and the divider pages are about 5.9 inches by 8.5 inches . the shipping weight is about a pound .
this item is 2 pages per day.if you put the item number as `` drn061125y '' , you will see the item which has only 1 page per day.i am not sure that i can give you my contact information through amazon or not . we ca n't send a email address obviously . if you provide your contact information ( telephone ) , we will contact you right away
i do n't think they are the same . day runner is a series of pages and i keep mine in a binder that 's about 6 x 9 , available through amazon .
sorry but i do n't know .
our item has weight 3 lbsbut we are not sure who put 13 lbs in shipping weightthanks
yes . my binder is 3 ring . fits perfectly !
the size of this item is 5 1 2 x 8 1 2.if franklin binder is bigger than this item , it should be fitthanks
yes and each monthly divider is also a two page monthly calendar . the complete set is about 1.5 inches thick . i use them a month at a time in the notebook planner i have . so for me i have a set of dividers with the monthly calendars and then i have a month of the two page per day sheets in my planner . each month i switch out a month of the per day sheets .
i 'm not sure on a page count but they last me at least several months . i print a lot of quilt patterns in color and go through more than a ream of paper . i do n't seem to use as much yellow as the others . it definitely lasts as long as canon brand .
yes they do work , but if you are doing heavy copying the cartridge is slow to refill the wick . just watch your indicator for problems and make sure to put it in securely . other than that they work great .
sorry , i do not own the pixma pro 10 printer . it works for my mg5400 series . mcrossland
yes
toss them or recycle in electronics approved site .
yes . it is compatible
i 'm far from an expert and never really thought about this . i think you should be more concerned with the life span of your printer . i think ( and i mean think ) very very long . hope i helped
i do n't know.. i have a 5422 and it works perfectly .
yes
no
it really does not matter..once my ink finishes , i put another . u do n't have to change all same time . any one that is empty , flashes so change only that one . thanks
i have already gone through several of these cartridges . had to do a lot of printing in the past few weeks . they performed perfectly . no leaking ink when installing them , no problems with head clogging . hope this helps . irvr .
as long as it takes 250 and 251 ink ... it should work ... they work perfect on mine ... they have the chip so it lights up when you insert them in.. mine is mg-5422..
yes
yes i was pleased with the product
nope . another reason not to buy this . to be fair i think canon also sells a set without grey .
i would say yes . some show a grey cartridge , not sure what that 's for . i returned the order i had made , the individually packaged cartridges some of which were leaking due to packaging i guess . chose to stick with canon brand , i am not a high volume user , just occasionally print 4x6 photos .
without ink you must buy the ink
the size nib is medium . thanks .
yes any standard international cartridge will fit
not sure but it 's a crappy pen ! ink just runs out and when you write with it to much ink is used as well ! would n't recommend it !
i like it a lot . it has a sturdy feel to it , looks very pretty and writes fenominally . you 'll have to go buy ink which you can get at staples , officemax , etc ... overall i 'm happy with the purchase , i would definitely recommend it . hope this helps .
i 'm assuming yes , montblank is definitely more expensive , but is a good looking pen , has a good weight to it and i do n't have any issues with writing . hope that helps
any standard universal size cartridge should work fine .
this pen uses a # 5 nib . any # 5 nib will work . it does n't have to be fine , medium , broad , italic or a calligraphy nib . any # 5 nib means any # 5 nib so ignore some of the silly answers you 've gotten.you might be able to fix the nib you have . it 's worth a try because you 're not out anything if you are ready to try replacing it anyway and it might save you trying to find another # 5 nib.to close the gap on a nib gently bend the nib tines downward towards the feed . the two sides of the nib where it splits at the end are the tines , like fork tines . that fat part on the very tip is called the `` ball '' or the `` lobe '' . leave the nib in the pen with the feed in place . the feed is that rubber plastic black thing under the nib . you 're trying to put a very slight hook in the nib downwards towards the feed . you 'll need to use a fine tweezers for this and look at it under good magnification . you want both tines exactly even , if they 're not even that is what causes the `` scratchy '' feel as you write . bending them downward closes them and upward opens them . you can use that information to also open up a nib that writes too dry . conversly bending down a nib that writes too wet will dry it up some . there must always be a tiny gap between the tines and the halves of the ball or lobe , the tines should not close completely on the tip . it helps a lot to have a jewelers loupe or a strong magnifying glass to do this . jewelers that sell fountain pens will often do this for free or at a very minimal charge for you too.to everyone else -- if you do n't know the answer to someone 's question , please do not guess . it 's not helpful to do that no matter how well-meaning you are . someone that already has a problem is just going to get more frustrated if you give them well-intentioned but bad information . this pen uses a # 5 nib . any # 5 nib will work . it does n't have to be fine , medium , broad , italic or a calligraphy nib . any # 5 nib means any # 5 nib so ignore some of the silly answers you 've gotten.you might be able to fix the nib you have . it 's worth a try because you 're not out anything if you are ready to try replacing it anyway and it might save you trying to find another # 5 nib.to close the gap on a nib gently bend the nib tines downward towards the feed . the two sides of the nib where it splits at the end are the tines , like fork tines . that fat part on the very ... » read more this pen uses a # 5 nib . any # 5 nib will work . it does n't have to be fine , medium , broad , italic or a calligraphy nib . any # 5 nib means any # 5 nib so ignore some of the silly answers you 've gotten.you might be able to fix the nib you have . it 's worth a try because you 're not out anything if you are ready to try replacing it anyway and it might save you trying to find another # 5 nib.to close the gap on a nib gently bend the nib tines downward towards the feed . the two sides of the nib where it splits at the end are the tines , like fork tines . that fat part on the very tip is called the `` ball '' or the `` lobe '' . leave the nib in the pen with the feed in place . the feed is that rubber plastic black thing under the nib . you 're trying to put a very slight hook in the nib downwards towards the feed . you 'll need to use a fine tweezers for this and look at it under good magnification . you want both tines exactly even , if they 're not even that is what causes the `` scratchy '' feel as you write . bending them downward closes them and upward opens them . you can use that information to also open up a nib that writes too dry . conversly bending down a nib that writes too wet will dry it up some . there must always be a tiny gap between the tines and the halves of the ball or lobe , the tines should not close completely on the tip . it helps a lot to have a jewelers loupe or a strong magnifying glass to do this . jewelers that sell fountain pens will often do this for free or at a very minimal charge for you too.to everyone else -- if you do n't know the answer to someone 's question , please do not guess . it 's not helpful to do that no matter how well-meaning you are . someone that already has a problem is just going to get more frustrated if you give them well-intentioned but bad information . « show less
not this item number .
yes , this is for a 2014.thanks
it starts in january 2014 - december 2014. it 's a refill - so be sure to have a cover .
picture is generic - supplied by mfr. , item is for 2014
yes . it is the 2014 refill .
not sure i understand the question -- white paper and black print -- nothing fancy , just a tool that helps schedule and remember . i 've tried to move to an ipad , but i could n't adjust . the day minder works best for me . take care .
this refill is for the g545 series . it is the # g545-50 refill .
mounted on the wall in kitchen .
your clock should set the time automatically at 2 a and 3 am each day . if not , follow these steps:1. slide switch ti `` time set '' and the time will flash on display . press the hr , min , and sec buttons until you reach desired time.2 . slide the switch to calendar and year & date will flash on the display.press year , month & date buttons until you reach desired setting.3 . slide switch to lock.4 . in the normal mode press the 12
yes there is a low battery indicator , although you will only read about it in the booklet that comes with the clock , not in any advertisement from skyscan .
i put mine inside a ziplock bag and attached it , with the enclosed bracket , to the fascia under my second floor eves.it works fine . your balcony would work , too .
yes the time and some type of temp .
it is 10 '' long x 7 '' high x 13 16 '' deep ... .the corners are slightly rounded .
no
no they do not offer a clock with backlit opition , they need to make a clock with 4 inch readout and it needs to have a photo eye for night time back lighting .
im not sure . i do not think it can , but i remember reading something about that on the website or hearing it on the youtube video about it .
it can scan and convert texts and numbers but i do n't know about math equation symbols .
it has a usb cord that must be attached to the computer to operate and the document you are scanning must be perfectly flat
not 100 % sure , but i would guess - portable means it can be used with a laptop , and not be stuck sitting at a desktop only.it is usb powered , ... and that often refers to portability in many cases . one thing is for sure - it does not use batteries .
yes
yes it can -- works better on individual characters rather than cursive .
yes
about 200
firm enough to keep your book and pages in tact , but it is a soft leather that is the casing . you can easily write in it and its great in keeping pages from bending or getting damaged . not like a traditional hard cover book though . hope this helps . my daughter loves the journal and i am happy with my purchase . good luck~
the pages are blank..
minimoo , i do n't think you will be able to find pages to fit this journal traditionally . if you have access to filofax refills , then the personal size will fit perfectly . i purchased a package of 4x6 memo sheets and the rapesco - 66p adjustable 6 hole punch to create my own pages.if you find pages to fit that are pre-punch , please share .
no its not .
yes
this is just a land line unit .
yes good working machine , have no problem . can use the machine anywhere
i do n't know i think so i ran it right thru a dedicated land line . i got mine on amazon thru paramount 360 credit systems you could ask them .
my machine connects to my service provider , they in turn put the funds into my bank account .
no . i think this unit is very specific to a hard wire phone line
yes you can enter manually . i do not know the limit per batch as we usually only have 1 or 2 at a time . it may depend on the credit card service you have that processes the info . we use total merchant services
can not completely answer your question . there is a rs 232 port ( round shape with about 10 tiny holes ) and a pin pad port which i never use n i dont know the function of . but the way i have been using it is : turn the power on , connect a telephone cable into th `` line port '' , then start using . i never connect it to any cash register . you enter th credit amount into either your register or pos computer manually.at the end of the day your pos computer will give you the daily credit card total and so as your register . even if this hypercom has any connection to an external computer or register , you also would need your computer or register to have the compatible function . so , just do it the way i do it , ie . swipe and accept cahrge , that 's it . can not completely answer your question . there is a rs 232 port ( round shape with about 10 tiny holes ) and a pin pad port which i never use n i dont know the function of . but the way i have been using it is : turn the power on , connect a telephone cable into th `` line port '' , then start using . i never connect it to any cash register . you enter th credit amount into either your register or pos computer manually.at the end of the day your pos computer will give you the daily credit card total and so as your register . even if this hypercom has any connection to an external computer or ... » read more can not completely answer your question . there is a rs 232 port ( round shape with about 10 tiny holes ) and a pin pad port which i never use n i dont know the function of . but the way i have been using it is : turn the power on , connect a telephone cable into th `` line port '' , then start using . i never connect it to any cash register . you enter th credit amount into either your register or pos computer manually.at the end of the day your pos computer will give you the daily credit card total and so as your register . even if this hypercom has any connection to an external computer or register , you also would need your computer or register to have the compatible function . so , just do it the way i do it , ie . swipe and accept cahrge , that 's it . « show less
it has to connect via the phone line to work . sorry ...
regular size . nice cart.make sure you get the cover !
the holes on the cart are big enough for an apple or peach to fall through . to prevent this from happening you will have to line the cart with cardboard or some kind of stiff liner . i hope this helps .
factory rates it at 150 lb if weight is distributed evenly , but we do not recommend more than about 50 lb . this dlux cart is best for laundry , shopping , and personal use , and not for industrial , construction , commercial purposes .
yes mine did . however i do n't use it
hi christopher . i just pulled out my caliper and measured the knurled end and it is 0.191 inch or 4.85mm . hope that helps you .
i have no info on the one shown in the photo , but gerber has a tool that is 100x better . check out the gerber 22-41770 artifact pocket keychain tool
i would not recommend these for that purpose . as much as they are a pain the little round circular keyrings that they usually supply with the dog tags are probably the best .
no - they 're 6 '' total so about 3 '' when you screw it into itself ... more suited as a keyring .
there are no crimps involved . the knurled connector in the photo is captive on the cable but free to rotate . it screws onto the stud on the end of the cable . -- tested one on my keychain for about 2 months before it loosened up , so i check it occasionally . tested for strength and it did n't break until i used slip joint pliers for leverage .
i would not recommend these for kids . these are great for key rings and tools and stuff to hold things together . over time i feel the wires might start to fray and could cause injuries .
has cid but not talking except for answer system-read your description on amazon you will have to subscribe to caller id with your phone network provider
when i signed up a while back they were running a promotion- $ 199+tax for 2 years . with tax i paid about $ 254 for 2 years of contract . that 's $ 10.58 including tax , surcharges , etc . not a bad deal . the only thing was i had it pay it up front . i do n't think they have that promotion any more . but you can always call the customer service and ask . their service is rock solid by the way . i think now they are offering a $ 99 year deal . they are saying it will $ 8.33+ tax , surcharge . pretty good deal in my opinion .
i love phone power , ca n't say enough about the quality about it , so much better than vonage . the best .
yes you can hook your existing phones into their service . you would simply hook a telephone cable into the back of their box and connect it to the nearest telephone outlet box . i strongly suggest disconnecting the incoming telephone line from the box outside - this prevents any surge through telephone line from damaging the box . simply open the customer access section and undo the incoming clips . alarm system can be also hooked in their system - phone power box has a second outlet - it can be hooked there also or leave your present configuration . out home phone is set up this way and has worked great for 3+ years yes you can hook your existing phones into their service . you would simply hook a telephone cable into the back of their box and connect it to the nearest telephone outlet box . i strongly suggest disconnecting the incoming telephone line from the box outside - this prevents any surge through telephone line from damaging the box . simply open the customer access section and undo the incoming clips . alarm system can be also hooked in their system - phone power box has a second outlet - it can be hooked there also or leave your present configuration . out home phone is set up this way and has ... » read more yes you can hook your existing phones into their service . you would simply hook a telephone cable into the back of their box and connect it to the nearest telephone outlet box . i strongly suggest disconnecting the incoming telephone line from the box outside - this prevents any surge through telephone line from damaging the box . simply open the customer access section and undo the incoming clips . alarm system can be also hooked in their system - phone power box has a second outlet - it can be hooked there also or leave your present configuration . out home phone is set up this way and has worked great for 3+ years « show less
yes . it is yours for life . plus , after i bought mine , they gave me credit for it on my account when i signed up . i did call and talk to them on the phone instead of signing up on the internet .
jimmy , your monthly fee is determined by the type of service you want for your phone . you will have to select a level of service from the www.phonepower.com webpage and subscribe to this service . it is high quality and worth the small fee you will pay . i hope this helps . scott
it does have to be plugged into the modem router .
i am not sure if it is available in canada . i would go to their website and do a chat session with a customer service person . hope this helps ! http : www.phonepower.com voiphome.aspx
by windex and any soft cloth .
i have to keep scanning through with mine , not able to change default . i think ours starts on what you set it to though ! good luck !
i do n't believe so . we bought tag hooks for the back of it and hung it on those . tag hooks are the ones that are rings or `` square rings '' with an adhesive tab on it to stick it to something . worked like a charm ! still up 6 months later .
yes , it can be set to non-flashing mode . i set mine to change colors which helps to attract attention to it , but not be overbearing . a great little sign and well worth the money .
the led board in the photo is just sitting on a basic easel . you can buy one on amazon and get it the next day .
it can be hung either way
yes , the matching pillows are included with the loveseat.randy - my home theater seats
yes , this item requires assembly . search youtube for sofab sofa and you 'll find a video on how easy these are to assemble . no tools required .
they could possibly , the size of the loveseat 55 '' l x 34 '' w x 34 '' h. this is a fairly standard size for a loveseat .
the overall dimensions are 55 '' wide x 34 '' deep x 34 '' tall . i do not have the seat dimensions . i 'll request this information from the manufacturer and try to update this answer on thurs .
no . just a great calendar .
yes it is . opens and lays vey flat
i forgot to add that the cover has the label you described , says monthly 2014 , is about 4x6 and green and white
hello . sorry for the delayed response . if i remember correctly from studying this unit last week prior to shipment , sk2-00 is a very minimal style monthly planner with only calendar pages and no notes or contact pages . if you need extra pages for additional information , i would go with something in the $ 14- $ 20 range . good luck choosing !
each day is in a block 1.75 '' wide and 2.0 '' high . i 've used this calendar for many years . it looks like this link for the aagg4000 dayminder pictured under the dayminder 2014 on amazon : http : www.amazon.com at-a-glance-aagg40000-dayminder-january-december-recycled dp b008orqxdy ref=pd_sim_op_6
hello , yes , this is for a 2014.thanks
that is just a generic picture . the calendar does start with wednesday , jan 1 , 2014
no , it does't lay flat . that is a nice advantage to the wire bound ones .
december 2014 through january 2016
2014
very pliable heavy vinyl . love this product . i buy one every year !
ir 's a simple , carddoard pamphlet calendar , inserted in a plastic , leather-like cover
it wo n't lay flat on its own if that 's what you mean .
hi nan- first of all , i have to say that amazon.com never ceases to amaze me . you posed a question to someone . and they found me . fortunately , i can absolutely answer this for you . ruler in hand , each square is 1 ( vertical ) x 0.75 ( horizontal ) inches . there not dead space in margins to write . there is some dead space at the end of each month ( depending what day of the week the month ends . if it ends monday you have an entire row . sunday- none at all ) . hope this helps ! rima
it starts on sunday . very important to me .
yes ! yes , it does ! so you can tuck important slips of papers , business cards in there , front & back ! i have used this marvelous dayminder maybe for 15 years , always buying it at places like office max but it was sooooooooooooo much easier to find it on amazon with my amazon prime !
i have printed from 24-30
my experience is that it came packed and sealed in its original packaging .
to be honest i am not sure
please call the company toll free 1-888-788-6888 , they should be able to help you .
yes , this is the cartridge needed . it is the same cartridge for all 3 , the ip-p10-vp , ip-p20-vp and ipwf-30-vp .
idk ... .i bought it and then got an iphone 5 and ca n't use the stupid thing at all ... .just a total waste of 175 dollars ... sorry i ca n't say more than that ...
no
slide in
yes
2014
yes ma'am
hi freeedom ! thank you for your inquiry ! unfortunately , we do n't carry wallet size calendars.bisonoffice
yes it is water proof . like a plastic check book cover .
yes , in the back by the pocket-page ( 1 page , pocket on each side ) there is room for 21 contacts with a quicknotes section to the right of each ( 1 1 2 pages of contacts ) .
yes .
not sure there may be a difference in the layout of the pages .
this day minder has 57 sheets in it . those sheets plus the front and back cover do really add up to 1 4 inch ! all of the day minders i 've ever bought are about that thick .
one week per two pages
hithis is only for 2014 thank you
1 1 2 in . tall by 1 inch wide . enough to write birthdays , appointments and reminders !
the pm1-28 ( 8x11 ) does have one month per page with a running full year at the bottom - just as shown in the picture on the website . just looked at the item description - it is incorrect .
no
one month per page
only if you open it half way ... .its exactly like a hard cover book
yes
i am not sure , it is made to look like red leather . also , having had these for years , it is extremely durable . takes a lot of abuse - trust me i am very hard on my things . it looks as good in december as it did in january . hth
it came in some kind of holder
hi dpvileta , thank you for your inquiry ! all of our dated products are 2014. picture might not be updated.aistebisonoffice
no magnets , but you can buy those peel-off sticky magnets in a number of sizes so i used 4 of the business-card size magnets that i got from office depot - works perfectly ( one in each corner ) .
no .
i think it is , i have had two of them it makes a great scribble pad . i love it !
ruled
it is more like a maroon . although i would have preferred black , my masculinity does n't feel challenged by this color ; )
sorry , i have no idea .
not really.day plabbers give you a whole page.this is set up as a month on two pages calendar style.gives you five lines per day square.perfect if your days are just appts .
approx . 1 4 '' thick , spiral spine , leaves are not replaceable at year end .
i believe so it was perfect for my appt..
i bought and received this item . dates and days are correct . although the calendar pictured on the outer packaging shows thursday as january 1st , the actual calendar itself correctly starts january 1 , 2014 on wednesday . dayrunner item # 061-685y monthly 2014 tabbed calendar size 5.5 '' x8.5 '' .
the only space for notes in the day runner 's monthly calendar is part of the 2-page spread on the left side . the next month comes immediately on the next facing page ... there is no extra page between months for notes . not sure what the 3 year outlook is . there is a yearly overview page at the end of the year but that 's only one page that shows the current year and the next year in little mini versions of the months .
i ordered but only received one . interesting .
it fits my franklin planner which has 7 rings .
yes
i do n't know as i have a different type and when i ordered # 491-685 , i was sent something else , which i returned .
nope , just calendar pages
wow ! no it does not .
yes . the squares are amall , approx . 1 '' but they have 8 lines in each .
they are sunday to saturday .
yes they are . of course not much space between lines but still adequate to separate items .
it is dated
nope . left hand page is sun - weds of each month . right hand page is thurs - sat columns ended with a to be done column on the far right . cheers -
sunday on the calendar - 2 pages per month . cheers -
i just checked mine , and i can find no address section . i thought they did at one time , but i sure can not find it .
rev . barr -- please see this website for the size of binder the refill will fit . http : www.daytimer.com daytimerstore mwv product distressed-leather-zippered-1-1-2 % 22 -- planner-cover-desk-size 4605 ? pagesize=9 &rootcatid; =planner_covers_80 &gotopage; =1 &catid; =leather_planners_80 &prodid; =4605
if the product number you provided is for the desk size daytimer , then this refill will fit that size . it 's two-pages per week .
yes , 7 holes total , although my daytimer has just 3 rings in it . lots of good stuff , i 've been getting this filler for years .
yes
yes -- but it is only 12 months , not 18 .
i believe this will fit the 3 hole or 7 hole . the top and bottom holes are each 1-1 2 inches from top and bottom edge of sheet . the center whole is 4-1 4 inches from bottom and 4-1 4 inches top . center of each hole is 5 8 inch from outside edge . hopefully comparing these measurements to your 3 ring pages will help .
i do n't know the dimensions of the franklin planner classic size.however , these pages are 5 1 2 '' x 8 1 2 '' . hope that helps !
sorry , my son installs the refills . i`ll ask him
ink runs out quickly . expensive erasable pens .
the refills work wonderfully . these pens seem to run out more quickly than others that we use , so it 's nice to be able to just pop in a new refill -- and it 's less expensive to get the refills rather than a bunch of pens .
yes , they are 9 total .
it 's black . hope you enjoy the pens . i know i do .
i live in south florida ( hot is our middle name ) , and have n't lost a word yet !
the pen comes apart between the soft grip and the hard plastic upper portion . sometimes you have to twist it fairly hard .
it does not
you can view and or download the complete service manual here : http : www.tradekey.com brochure 254694-8139906-3 service-manual.pdf
same thing happened to me ... http : teinca.com proyectos creagestion lectorcb_ct-10.pdf
hi , it should be could
i had this issue . i talked to a guy at the apple store and found out this device emulates a bluetooth keyboard so ios disables the on screen keyboard and there is no way around this in the current ios bersion . i love the scanner but i 'm looking at going to a cheap windows tablet for this device .
yes , it is just the same as any of the other franklin yearly planners . it just comes at an incredible price .
my package was from january to december , but i know it used to be possible to buy sets with quarterly dates , like what you are looking for . i suggest you contact franklin covey directly .
yes it is . the price is great .
the classic size .
yes .
yes it does
no . this is the classic size . i think they are like 8 '' long and 6 '' wide .
i do n't know the answer to that , but it is the classic size , with 2 pages for each day . since i reviewed it , i found the pages for next year 's future planning , and i 'm 100 % satisfied with the purchase . feel free to ask me any other questions you may have .
10-4
yes
i ca n't answer you accurately because all of these cartridges leaked toner into the printer . the finished product had what we called `` tint of the day '' ( either cyan , magenta , gray or yellowish ) . i would not recommend these cartridges to my worst enemy !
i do n't know , but they seem to work great . if you replace the cartridges with 3 or 4 of the individual hp 's , it 's like buying a new printer .
joseph , i did not have one to mail back used cartridges that i can remember .
dear customer , eps offer lifetime warranty with 24 7 customer support . contact company directly for any technical questions , company will assist very quick . for defective toner , company usually replace it asap . info is on the box . phone # 1-800-827-3680 .
on my cartridges , there is a diamond on the label of the catridge that indicates the color , i.e. , magenta , yellow , blue or black . there are also `` cf '' numbers on each label on the catridges that appear to indicate what color type each one is . my catridges come wrapped in yellow see-through packaging bags so i can see the labels through the packaging before opening . not sure if that 's how yours are packaged .
the packaging says 6 years , i tend to agree with that as that about the time toner will lose polarity .
no they do not . but they are great pens . i use them every day .
in short , i do n't know how to tell . unfortunately , and i forgot to add this in my review , there seems to be only one nib size . it is really difficult to tell either way , though . they all seemed like western-style medium nibs when i tried them . some of the pens write a little wetter or a little drier , but not too drastically .
you have to provide your own cartridge . shaffer refills work okay . just be aware the cartridges slip off the docking nub and tend to leak .
most jinhao pens use a # 6 nib ; goulet pens has a fine # 6 nib . http : www.gouletpens.com gpc-nib6-tt p gpc-nib6-tt
there are two different sizes , i would say fine for two of the pens and medium for the other two
these pens have refillable cartridges and can use any ink , i use several types of ink in my pens .
yes it does . saturday and sunday are just a bit smaller than the weekdays but there is plenty of room . there is also several options for recording , journaling throughout the book . i just love it !
yes , it does . it was a gift for my teenage daughter and she was extremely happy and excited by the design , quality , and weight of the item . very pleasured , and her sister wants one now as well .
9 '' by 61 2 '' by 1 '' . i love mine !
yes , it handled unopened junk mail easily , including pieces with enclosed sample credit cards . this shredder has been amazing to use .
well it can handle staples and probably a paper clip although i never tried . it 's a great shredder for the money . mine is still trucking strong . i shred all my incoming mail . it has never over heat . and just do n't put anything in it other than shredable things .
take a piece of paper , 8 1 2 x 11 , and using canola oil , that 's right canola oil , and make a s pattern over entire sheet . now run sheet through the shredder , then run reverse for 5 seconds or so to lubricate entire cutter . now run a regular 8 1 2 x 11 into shredder to absorb any oil that is left on cutter . the manual recommends canola oil and it cost 1 10 of what the rip-off shredder oil would cost . hint : when doing this leave a little shredded paper at the bottom of the basket so when the oiled paper that you put in the shredder does not stick to the bottom of the basket .
i have both types of shredders . this shredder is not only faster than my crosscut but offers greater security ( totally destroys cds , cards , etc ) . it shreds 6 feet of paper per minute or 72 inches . the sheets per minute handled also depends on how many sheets of paper you ferl comfortable inserting each time . for instance , are you comfortable stacking 12 sheets of paper and then trying to shred them all at once ? this is possible but i confess that i put through fewer pieces of paper at a time . i know others who push the envelope but i think ( perhaps in error ) that could tax the shredder . so there are variables . i have both types of shredders . this shredder is not only faster than my crosscut but offers greater security ( totally destroys cds , cards , etc ) . it shreds 6 feet of paper per minute or 72 inches . the sheets per minute handled also depends on how many sheets of paper you ferl comfortable inserting each time . for instance , are you comfortable stacking 12 sheets of paper and then trying to shred them all at once ? this is possible but i confess that i put through fewer pieces of paper at a time . i know others who push the envelope but i think ( perhaps in error ) that could tax the shredder ... . » read more i have both types of shredders . this shredder is not only faster than my crosscut but offers greater security ( totally destroys cds , cards , etc ) . it shreds 6 feet of paper per minute or 72 inches . the sheets per minute handled also depends on how many sheets of paper you ferl comfortable inserting each time . for instance , are you comfortable stacking 12 sheets of paper and then trying to shred them all at once ? this is possible but i confess that i put through fewer pieces of paper at a time . i know others who push the envelope but i think ( perhaps in error ) that could tax the shredder . so there are variables . « show less
the instructions say that that is what the `` auto '' on position is for but a little further down the page they also recommend turning the unit off when it is left unattended . i personally always put the unit in the off position , to avoid possible issue incase a real idiot bends over it wearing a neck tie and accidentally activates it , or spills liquid into it and sparks an electrical fire in a bin filled with finely shredded paper and paper dust . odds of it happening , very unlikely , but have you ever read the darwin awards ?
it is about 7pounds . i purchased it for my 86yrs . granny . she loves it like crazy . easy to move from room to room . the container looks like an office trash can . you just pop it out dump it in a bag and put it right back in . you never have to move the unit or the can . takes less than 10secs . to dump . if you have a cat this thing turn the paper into instant kitty litter . not a soul can put the pieces back . they would do better putting humpty dumpty back together .
it works great for my purpose . i opened it and saw that the blades are made of metal but the mechanism ( gears ? ) that drives the paper forward through the blades are made of synthetic materials ( plastic i guess ) .
you can . i tried using a trash bag , but for me it was a mess . it is so easy to pull the basket out and place a open plastic trash bag over the opening and dump the shredded paper in and dispose of it .
3x4.25 cm
large enough ! 8.5 x11 ( letter size )
the rings are round , no straight part .
dear joseph , the product description for the 1.5 '' size of this binder says it holds 350 8.5 x 11 sheets . i 'm sure that is referring to computer paper . i purchased this size binder for myself , and for me it holds 100 clear protector sheets . i probably could fit more , but it would be a tight fit . hope the info is helpful to you . sincerely , kate sgambati
its fake . defiantly not made out of anything luxurious .
it appears to be a stick on label , but i have n't tried to remove it . i 'm afraid it would damage the finish on the frame . sorry i ca n't help answer your question better .
no this board is not magnetic . this little 8 1 2 x 11 did come with a magnet that you can put onto the back of it and then can hang onto your refridgerator . it should say what it comes with to hang .
no : (
yes , it 's made of wood .
there is no stand . i think there is a place for hanging . i uses it for my daughter to hold in a picture and it worked perfectly .
yes , you can ! you do need a wet wipe to erase the liquid chalk and it seems to wear the board out pretty fast , but we used the boards with liquid chalk markers for a full three day conferences ( writing and erasing close to 100 times ) and it worked , the boards are just showing wear .
i do n't have the staples button , but i do have other buttons ( ie , `` no ! '' button ) and the volume is just fine . it does vary according to the play volume of what you are recording . it 's plenty loud . just an fyi , the record time is 10 seconds so anything longer wo n't record .
it is not super sensitive . it does require direct pressure to activate , so a small dog would have to step on it . i do n't think just pawing at it will work . how about hanging a bell from the door knob ? hope that helps .
one recorded message at a time . i bought two of them to save on shipping , so most recordings are good in this way . i agree , it would be great if they had one that could hold multiple recordings , but then you would have to have a way to select them . beyond the design of this one .
4
you can record more than once .
it gives you the opportunity to record whatever you want .
just as pictured . `` it is what it is ''
yeah no problem
my desk is about 30 inches and it reaches fine
that would depend on where you have it fastened . mine is fastened to the desk top , and can be lowered a little bit lower than the desktop , but is not in a position where it could fit underneath it .
not recommended since the desk pivots sideways as well . i suggest going for the other models that is supported on both sides and not along the center front .
depends on how vehemently you are typing . for me : no it is a very sturdy construction
your desk will need to be pretty sturdy to support this- it 's such great quality and u want to be able to weight on it
i believe 15 lbs is the limit . i use it with a laptop and my hands on it do n't present a problem ... there is a spring that can be tightened to adjust the resistance of it moving down .
yes as long as you have at least a 4 '' overhang
yes , the arm can be removed from the post ; the arm just slides over the post and uses set screws that bite into the post to hold its position .
i do n't know but first check to see if the 5.5 x 8.5 in . pages of this refill are the same size ( 5.5 x 8.5 ) of the planner you are currently using . if so check out the fact this refill has 7 holes and look at the placement of the holes on this refill in comparison to the placement of the rings on your day planner .
loose leaf
i am not sure if it will fit franklin covey 's compact binder . i personally have a daytimer binder .
sorry to inform you that these are pre-loaded with no duplicated colors and fulfilled by amazon .
yes
the chances of any repeating numbers would be extremely low . if you do receive any repeating numbers though , you can contact us and we 'll happily exchange for another roll . each ticket uses a 6 digit number , so almost 1 million possible number combinations .
yes you may -- all we ask is to send the request when the order is placed so it will like together . you can choose any 4 colors you like .
i do not believe so , none of the numbers on the four rolls i purchased have duplicated as of yet . you may want to track down the manufacturer to find out for sure .
our product is pre-loaded and fufilled by amazon , so we ca n't change the colors . thank you .
yes ... they work very well
i think it does n't but check the website below for more info about inks for mx 892.http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction office_all_in_one_inkjet_printers pixma_mx892 # suppliesandaccessories
is mg5520 a canon printer ? i have had 2 different canon printers , and sophia global used the same numbers for their cartridges . excellent product and they help immediately if there is a problem . check with sophia global in amazon if they carry the number of the cartridges you need . sophia 's fit as perfect as canon 's in my 4-in-one printer .
this printer call for pgi-250xl and cli-251xl , so yes ...
yes it works fine .
yes .
yes .my husband has hus outside his shop .
120 or 110 just a regular socket do n't no were it 's made i 'm sure it 's china ...
i just bought one . i do not sell them .
im pretty sure it can be opened ? its plastic . just really carefully . i 'm , thats the best info i can give you .
i 'm not sure this was a product i shipped out of the country.. i 'm sure if you contact the seller they should be able to point you in the right direction
the cable is about 2-3 feet long and it has a controller with 2 switches one just for the light to turn on and the other switch for the spinning .
hello hally , yes , you can scan , fax , and copy using the document feeder on top . the dell b1165nfw specs is indicating the following : ++++++++++++hands-free convenience : fax , scan or copy up to 40 sheets at once , hands-free , with an automatic document feeder ( adf ) .++++++++++++regards , rri04 08 2014+++++++++
you may feed multiple pages . i do not like this scanner and would not buy it again , but it does have a page feed .
it is manual duplexing only in any mode ... reorder your printed pages and print the reverse side . that 's this printer 's only shortcoming for me , but has never been a show stopper in over 18 months i 've used it as my primary printer .
yes
you 're typical printer to usb cable , flat rectangle one end , squarish on the other . just type in printer usb cable . you can also hook this us to your router and have it on the network ( that 's what i did ) .
you can print any picture u have on your phone . as long as u save the instagram picture and open it with the application u can print anything .
it will work as long as your phone has bluetooth or nfc . it 's compatable with my friend 's iphone 4s ( bluetooth ) . hope that helps
well , i did n't try to print out pdf 's file but one of my friends told me she tried to do it but the printer did n't print these files..
yes , okidata uses oki mc362 ( fax ) . like brother ; brother pc-fax is simply a facsimile user interface application tool just like : hp fax , dell fax , pc-fax , faxzero , etc . these applications allow how you modify the `` print '' options in the print dialog box of a document . when you select file > print in a document , simply select the output source from the drop-down window for the output options . select oki mc362 ( fax ) and the `` select recipients '' box appears . enter the name of the recipient ; fax number ; comments . click ok and you 're done . having been in the information technology industry as a printer server administrator and field technician : i love and recommend the okidata printer line . overall , i 'm 1000 % satisfied with my okidata mc362w ... especially the amazon price . thank you , herman yes , okidata uses oki mc362 ( fax ) . like brother ; brother pc-fax is simply a facsimile user interface application tool just like : hp fax , dell fax , pc-fax , faxzero , etc . these applications allow how you modify the `` print '' options in the print dialog box of a document . when you select file > print in a document , simply select the output source from the drop-down window for the output options . select oki mc362 ( fax ) and the `` select recipients '' box appears . enter the name of the recipient ; fax number ; comments . click ok and you 're done . having been in the information ... » read more yes , okidata uses oki mc362 ( fax ) . like brother ; brother pc-fax is simply a facsimile user interface application tool just like : hp fax , dell fax , pc-fax , faxzero , etc . these applications allow how you modify the `` print '' options in the print dialog box of a document . when you select file > print in a document , simply select the output source from the drop-down window for the output options . select oki mc362 ( fax ) and the `` select recipients '' box appears . enter the name of the recipient ; fax number ; comments . click ok and you 're done . having been in the information technology industry as a printer server administrator and field technician : i love and recommend the okidata printer line . overall , i 'm 1000 % satisfied with my okidata mc362w ... especially the amazon price . thank you , herman « show less
no problem with mine
this unit has auto duplex and scanning , as well as printing .
it looks like about 1 '' high paper tray . i 've never really counted the paper , i just grab 3 4 of an inch to an inch and set it in .
yes . both to connect to the computer as well as a usb port on the front for a flash drive .
yes this okidata printer has a straight through paper path . it has a flip down door on the front and a fold out extension to hold the paper while it is waiting to be fed . same thing on the back to catch the output . i have tested that paper path but only with a single sheet . it appears that it will do multiple sheets .
quite well for a laser printer . they are not quite true photo quality but for a business flyer or similar they are superior to any other laser printer i 've used . the toner oki uses gives a nice shine and finish to the picture and i would say that if you need better then you would be better off going to inkjet photo paper and an actual photo printer . hope this helps .
hi mark,100-sheet multi-purpose tray for labels , envelopes , transparencies , and thicker media up to 80 lb . cover ( 220 gsm ) . they can print everything from 3 '' x 5 '' cards to banner-size sheets up to 8.5 '' x 52 '' 2 .
hello , yes , the printer can print both in color and in black and white . hope this helps . thanks
c331 dnprints banner-size sheets up to 52 '' 2windows® and mac® compatibility3-year carry-in depot limited warranty on printeroki data c330dnprints banner-size sheets up to 47 inches 21-year limited warranty with overnight exchange on printer.sorry just got back in front of computer.anthony j argy srfull color copier inc .
yes.thanksanthony j argy srfull color copier inc .
30 to 60 seconds ... ... depends on how long it 's been idle . from off to ready is maybe 2.5 minutes .
mine seems to take about a minute to warm up , maybe slightly more .
yes , but unlike most printers these days , it has no wifi , but if your priority is value for printing on card stock i think this printer is unbeatable ... i hear they 're very durable . my first oki 20 years ago , turned out to be a great printer , so i 'm thinking this is what the company strives for ... durability at low cost in exchange for not having the latest bells and whistles.. for business use , i 'm good with that .
yes
printer and ink cartridge .
try pressing the black and white pie chart button for a black and white document . it might work .
no only one sided otherwise you have to manually flip the paper . not practical for duplex.. however for all other purposes it is great !
yes
i would have serious doubts about using this printer for any photos unless low res and light paper .
no
no
from the faq on their website:13. is there a limit to how many pages it can scan ? can i scan a whole book with it ? xcanex was originally envisioned to help with research work whereby distributed pages from many sources could be captured easily . however ever since it was introduced , there have been many requests from end customers to use xcanex to scan a whole book , even when it requires users to flip pages manually . it was then decided to let xcanex scan up to a maximum of 500 pages per save ( depends on free pc memory ) so that for users who wish to do so , they 're allowed to . with the recommended system ( see system requirements at product page ) , a 300-page book could be scanned in approximately 1 hour ( ~5 pages per minute ) . from the faq on their website:13. is there a limit to how many pages it can scan ? can i scan a whole book with it ? xcanex was originally envisioned to help with research work whereby distributed pages from many sources could be captured easily . however ever since it was introduced , there have been many requests from end customers to use xcanex to scan a whole book , even when it requires users to flip pages manually . it was then decided to let xcanex scan up to a maximum of 500 pages per save ( depends on free pc memory ) so that for users who wish to do so , they 're allowed ... » read more from the faq on their website:13. is there a limit to how many pages it can scan ? can i scan a whole book with it ? xcanex was originally envisioned to help with research work whereby distributed pages from many sources could be captured easily . however ever since it was introduced , there have been many requests from end customers to use xcanex to scan a whole book , even when it requires users to flip pages manually . it was then decided to let xcanex scan up to a maximum of 500 pages per save ( depends on free pc memory ) so that for users who wish to do so , they 're allowed to . with the recommended system ( see system requirements at product page ) , a 300-page book could be scanned in approximately 1 hour ( ~5 pages per minute ) . « show less
yes . works very well
under an hour . : ) i found it all pretty intuitive . that does n't mean you 'll be an expert on where to place the item being scanned and that sort of thing , but in terms of the software itself , it was n't very complicated .
from the xcanex website : `` development is underway for the macos version of the product and was initially scheduled for release in oct 2013. however with the creation of new features and improvements such as the flatpage digital page flattening , the development for the mac os support had to be halted until these features and improvements were completed and stabilized in order for them to be incorporated in the mac version 's 1st release . the development has resumed on february 2014 and it is now scheduled to be released end of 2014. once released , the software shall be made available for free download to registered xcanex owners ( this availability is based on our current plan and is subject to change depending on circumstances and resources ) . `` so release is not imminent , if ever , especially with yosemite on the horizon . i use mine with a retina macbook pro , running the windows software thru bootcamp ( i use windows 7 os ) . there are some quirks with running on retina macbooks ( with bootcamp -- does not run full screen so some text icons are very small ) , but it does work . perhaps the mb air , with its lower-resolution screen , would actually work better . maybe someone with that machine could comment ... from the xcanex website : `` development is underway for the macos version of the product and was initially scheduled for release in oct 2013. however with the creation of new features and improvements such as the flatpage digital page flattening , the development for the mac os support had to be halted until these features and improvements were completed and stabilized in order for them to be incorporated in the mac version 's 1st release . the development has resumed on february 2014 and it is now scheduled to be released end of 2014. once released , the software shall be made available for ... » read more from the xcanex website : `` development is underway for the macos version of the product and was initially scheduled for release in oct 2013. however with the creation of new features and improvements such as the flatpage digital page flattening , the development for the mac os support had to be halted until these features and improvements were completed and stabilized in order for them to be incorporated in the mac version 's 1st release . the development has resumed on february 2014 and it is now scheduled to be released end of 2014. once released , the software shall be made available for free download to registered xcanex owners ( this availability is based on our current plan and is subject to change depending on circumstances and resources ) . `` so release is not imminent , if ever , especially with yosemite on the horizon . i use mine with a retina macbook pro , running the windows software thru bootcamp ( i use windows 7 os ) . there are some quirks with running on retina macbooks ( with bootcamp -- does not run full screen so some text icons are very small ) , but it does work . perhaps the mb air , with its lower-resolution screen , would actually work better . maybe someone with that machine could comment ... « show less
this scanner does not work for macs . i bought it in june 2014 and i am still waiting for them to have ready the driver . so far no news . you can check this on their website ( http : www.piqximaging.com ) and go to faq .
it is as that 's what is running on my laptop now !
no , just basic printing , no frills but does nice job for price .
it should be no problem - it works on windows 7 essentials
yes , you get a disk with drivers on it , and there are mac os drivers included : osv10.6 , os x lion , os xmountain lion v12.27 . there ought to be one driver there that works for your mac . if mac is plug'n'play , you should n't have a problem !
the instruction manual says yes ! just pick the software at time of installation .
i have a 20 '' monitor on mine . it handles it well . probably could handle one slightly larger ( maybe 22 '' ? ) there is a weight adjustment on the spring that allows for varying sizes weights of monitors .
26inches
yes . my sit-stand monitor arm is holding a 24 '' monitor over a 27 '' monitor and there is plenty of clearance . my 27 '' is also on a monitor arm so it is actually sits higher than it would be if i used the built in stand for the 27 '' .the only downside to this sit-stand monitor arm is that it does n't adjust to multiple heights easily . any time you want to adjust the height of the monitor you have to loosen , move , and then tighten a couple of the adjustment points . in the grand scheme of things this is really trivial , but something that you might want to be aware of prior to purchase . yes . my sit-stand monitor arm is holding a 24 '' monitor over a 27 '' monitor and there is plenty of clearance . my 27 '' is also on a monitor arm so it is actually sits higher than it would be if i used the built in stand for the 27 '' .the only downside to this sit-stand monitor arm is that it does n't adjust to multiple heights easily . any time you want to adjust the height of the monitor you have to loosen , move , and then tighten a couple of the adjustment points . in the grand scheme of things this is really trivial , but something that you might want to be aware of ... » read more yes . my sit-stand monitor arm is holding a 24 '' monitor over a 27 '' monitor and there is plenty of clearance . my 27 '' is also on a monitor arm so it is actually sits higher than it would be if i used the built in stand for the 27 '' .the only downside to this sit-stand monitor arm is that it does n't adjust to multiple heights easily . any time you want to adjust the height of the monitor you have to loosen , move , and then tighten a couple of the adjustment points . in the grand scheme of things this is really trivial , but something that you might want to be aware of prior to purchase . « show less
i have a 12lb monitor ( acer ft220hql bmjj 21.5-inch full hd ( 1920 x 1080 ) touchscreen monitor ) hanging on this with no issues . not sure if 15lb would work , but yqu can adjust the spring force so it is relative flexible .
it 's about 12-13 inches . decent for a sit-and-stand arrangement , but not , say , going from a regular sitting desk to a treadmill
the 6931 has a built in answering machine ... could that be the difference ?
no it does not have that feature .
no . you would have to put it on a shelf , or build one . i 'll add that i love the design of this phone ( the plastic is high quality ) .
i could not get my battery to charge so i had to buy a new one . i asked the manufacturer to replace the battery , since the phone was brand new , but they denied my request . this did not make me happy but i have now had the phone for several months and it is functioning fine . the two tones ascending is the norm ... i could not get that to stop .
well , if you google it , you 'll find several places , including amazon . do n't expect to be able to walk into a store and buy one .
i do n't personally have call waiting on mine . if you pay for that option with your local telephone company , i 'm sure it would work . it works for caller id .
ok , i measured the exterior - which is exactly 40 inches - so the short answer is 'no ' , but , the long answer is 'yes , if you have the screw cap a little loose to allow the fit - in that case you should secure the cap by duct tape or something ' .
if you roll them together , i think 4-5 would fit . i have easily fit 3 .
3 '' diameter will be close . if it was slightly smaller , even by a little i think you 'd be fine .
well , i do not have very thin documents , but i checked anyway my nozlen expanding document poster tubes . all have very clean cuts , so i thought since i have no problems , with mydocuments and drawings ; i will help mr. demayo and tested 200 grid sandpaper just for the hack . it worked fine , so no problems before and none from now one .
as long as they are well packed , yes.it 's very solid and sturdy plastic .
sure , it expands to that and larger ...
i have used my tube to travel with and i have had no problems with it . it locks in place quite nicely .
sorry , i do not know about the warranty . they are sturdy tubes .
dan wagner . words are read clearly , though he gets quiet at times . my husband likes his voice .
i bought it for a gift for someone but he seems to like it . he is not very tec savvy so i thought this would be easy enough for him . he likes that you can jump to different spots in the bible and save your favorite passages . in my opinion . if you have a ipod or droid . i would download the bible on that .
yes - 1 aaa ( not included )
i think you can .
it is not rechargeable . but i do use rechargable batteries ... ..
i 've been in photography my whole life and used the finest epson photo printers and canons too , and this little brother does just fine as long as you use quality photo paper and select the paper type ( and other settings ) in the `` preferences '' before you print . do some tests using various settings to find your favorites . note that `` matte '' paper is much less costly than other types and that `` semi-gloss '' is much preferable to `` gloss '' ( it 's what the pros use ) .
cartridges have a chip on the outside . i have bought 3rd party cartridges for other printers but i do n't see them for this one . they 're not expensive anyway . and i do use the lc103bk high-yield and lc101 series for color , though you can use high-yield for color as well . careful to make sure you 're ordering cartridges for this specific printer as other brother high-yield cartridges wo n't fit .
i called brother to get this question answered : 1 ( 877 ) 276-8437. yes it will print using only black ink , although it is not automatic . go to printer preferences , advanced tab , select color : check 'grey scale ' . it was really a pleasure to help you with this . i learned something myself .
as long as you have your printer designated as the default printer and it is turned on , you can send a print command and it will print . distance has more to do with how your house office is laid out -- if the wireless signal is strong , and there are n't many walls large interfering objects in the signal path ( refrigerators , etc . ) , you should be able to send from 100 feet , less if the configuration of rooms obstructs . my daughter uses her laptop here and uses the wireless printer often . hope this helps .
to answer your question , i opened a fresh word document and typed the numbers 1-0 and randomly colored them . i copied and pasted these to a second page and printed . i can confirm i now have a single sheet of paper with randomly colored numbers on both sides .
lc101bk ( black ) , lc101c ( cyan ) , lc101m ( magenta ) , lc101y ( yellow ) these are for the standard cartridges , for high yield cartridges the numbers run lc103bk , etc. , etc.i do n't have this model ( an older one ) but i find that i like to use the high yield black and standard for the rest.hope that helps everyone !
i do n't see a headset jack on the handsets at all . the was a time long ago that i would have looked for that but never thought about it when i bought these.i do n't think you can pair any type of headset to these phones . the retro handset has no purpose that i can think of , aside from maybe trying to sell it on ebay , if i can remember where i put it .
no i checked and do n't see one .
it can not be powered by the doorbell transformer ; it requires 6v dc at 1a i believe , which is included in the package . the problem is how in the world do they expect you to connect this in a normal home installation ? the wire attached to the adapter is way too short to be useful . i just decided to use batteries .
yes , when the bell is rung you can talk to the person at the door . you can also talk to the other handsets
yes , from the doorbell and between handsets
yes . it comes with both options to be used wireless with batteries or with an adapter . its westher proof and easy to install . i really really recoment it !
yes . there is a small `` joystick '' -type adjuster that you can move inside the doorbell housing to aim the camera up down and right left .
yes
yes it works on all newer models and if you leave the device on it stays on that 's why i bought the one with the on off switch if your battery goes dead while the devices on it will fry the device
?
hi , this item works on all obd ii vehicles ( 1996+ in usa ) and eobd vehicles ( petrol cars from 2001+ and diesel cars from 2003 2004 in europe ) , please noted .
yes it does . and long long battery life . announces incoming calls by name if in your phone book . uploaded 2000 frommy cell .
yes , each handset has a headphone jack .
yes , but each headset and the base unit has the capability of independently having this feature turned on or off . so you can have all the phones announce caller id or select which phones you want to announce or turn them all off and not have announce caller id on at all .
i 've never had to fully extend it . i will be using it again on thursday . if that is n't to late to provide you an answer , i will do so then .
it may depend on the positions of the legs . i do n't have any physical weights to test it out , but it held up a gallon of water ( 8.3 pounds ) with no problem . i would guess that the max is probably around 30 pounds .
although we have not tried , i 'm sure that it will work because of the many leg configurations that are allowed not to mention the front seat back to prevent a fall due to sudden stop .
it can only be used for a standing `` desk '' in the sense that it 's on top of a table . i currently have mine on a desk that 's about 30 '' ( 76cm ) high , and use it for standing all day and working . i 'm 5'10 '' . it could go higher or lower as needed , depending on your height .
yes it will work for an ipad in the case. , yes it will accommodate a book .
i own this table . yes - i do not see why it would not be able to hold tablets .
i think the answer is yes , depending on how high you need it to be
for the dcp-7065dn model ... .1. open the front door to access the toner2 . press the `` clear '' button.3 . press the `` start '' button . ( when you press start the screen should clear . ) 4 . press the `` ↓ '' or `` down arrow '' button.5 . press the `` ↑ '' or `` up arrow '' button . ( when you press the down arrow an `e0′ should appear , which will change to '00′ when you press the up arrow ) 6. press the `` ok '' button . ( when it say s `accepted ' ) 7. close the front door . for the dcp-7065dn model ... .1. open the front door to access the toner2 . press the `` clear '' button.3 . press the `` start '' button . ( when you press start the screen should clear . ) 4 . press the `` ↓ '' or `` down arrow '' button.5 . press the `` ↑ '' or `` up arrow '' button . ( when you press the down arrow an `e0′ should appear , which will change to '00′ when you press the up arrow ) 6. press the `` ok '' button . ( when it ... » read more for the dcp-7065dn model ... .1. open the front door to access the toner2 . press the `` clear '' button.3 . press the `` start '' button . ( when you press start the screen should clear . ) 4 . press the `` ↓ '' or `` down arrow '' button.5 . press the `` ↑ '' or `` up arrow '' button . ( when you press the down arrow an `e0′ should appear , which will change to '00′ when you press the up arrow ) 6. press the `` ok '' button . ( when it say s `accepted ' ) 7. close the front door . « show less
hi brian , you can not refill this cartridge . cindy
i have an hl-2240 and it works with it .
hi ! : ) primarily i use my printer for printing coupons online from various coupon websites . when printing coupons , it is extremely important to ensure that the quality of the ink is good , otherwise i will be unable to redeem them at retailers . the quality of this ink has been excellent ... .so much so , that i have not had any issues with any retail establishments thus far . i would say that i print anywhere from 20 to 50 full pages on average per day , and that the ink i have purchased so far has exceeded my typical expectations for longevity and quality . i did purchase another replacement cartridge from another company , ( not on amazon ) in the past and did have issues with retailers being able to scan my coupons or refusing them because of streaks and uneven print lines . again , i have not had this experience with these toner replacement cartridges thus far.i also utilize my printer for college papers but that is less frequently ... about 20-30 pages per week . what i liked about these is that i literally installed the ink right out of the box , so pleasantly surprised that i did not to have to use the directions to reset the printer as was included ! i did not anticipate how fast or easy it would be installed honestly , and this may depend on the type of printer you have , but i was happy that the ink supplier had provided these directions beforehand so i was aware of how to install the cartridge successfully in the event they were needed . i have used this cartridge for almost 2 months so i can only speak about my experience , but i would definitely purchase these again , for their consistency , quality , and value ... hope that helps ! : ) hi ! : ) primarily i use my printer for printing coupons online from various coupon websites . when printing coupons , it is extremely important to ensure that the quality of the ink is good , otherwise i will be unable to redeem them at retailers . the quality of this ink has been excellent ... .so much so , that i have not had any issues with any retail establishments thus far . i would say that i print anywhere from 20 to 50 full pages on average per day , and that the ink i have purchased so far has exceeded my typical expectations for longevity and quality . i did purchase another replacement ... » read more hi ! : ) primarily i use my printer for printing coupons online from various coupon websites . when printing coupons , it is extremely important to ensure that the quality of the ink is good , otherwise i will be unable to redeem them at retailers . the quality of this ink has been excellent ... .so much so , that i have not had any issues with any retail establishments thus far . i would say that i print anywhere from 20 to 50 full pages on average per day , and that the ink i have purchased so far has exceeded my typical expectations for longevity and quality . i did purchase another replacement cartridge from another company , ( not on amazon ) in the past and did have issues with retailers being able to scan my coupons or refusing them because of streaks and uneven print lines . again , i have not had this experience with these toner replacement cartridges thus far.i also utilize my printer for college papers but that is less frequently ... about 20-30 pages per week . what i liked about these is that i literally installed the ink right out of the box , so pleasantly surprised that i did not to have to use the directions to reset the printer as was included ! i did not anticipate how fast or easy it would be installed honestly , and this may depend on the type of printer you have , but i was happy that the ink supplier had provided these directions beforehand so i was aware of how to install the cartridge successfully in the event they were needed . i have used this cartridge for almost 2 months so i can only speak about my experience , but i would definitely purchase these again , for their consistency , quality , and value ... hope that helps ! : ) « show less
i purchased two tn450 cartridges for my brother mfc-7860dw and the print quality was good . prior to receiving the cartridges i received reset instructions for my printer which were easy to follow . good purchase for the price .
i can give you an approximate number of pages , but not a specific count . i get between 1000 and 1,100 impressions ( i print duplex pages ) per cartridge . bear in mind that i am printing railroad timetables from the 1920 's , so the pages are filled with small ( 6 - 8pt type ) with about 40 % coverage on most pages - the average number of impressions per job range between 1376 - 1670 ( or 688 - 835 pieces of paper ) . i hope this information helps .
we just takes ours to staples and receive reward checks for future purchases with staples .
check the docs on your specific model , this is a direct replacement for the tn450 toner cart .
the large model is 18 . `` x11.25 '' at the surface with 11.25 '' leg segments , the small is 16 '' x11.25 '' with 10 '' leg segments . the mouse is just an add-on approximately 6 '' square that attaches to the side of the table top , designed to hold a mouse or similar sized objects .
yes ! it can adjust to just about any angle ! i absolutely love this product . my only complaint is that it does n't have writing space
i do n't know if there is a warranty for this product , but actually the product does n't last long ... it is already broken ! the knots of the legs can not stand enough weight , and just broken very fast ... try something else not that fancy .
you would have to buy two ; the large one and then the mouse . it 's two separate units . the mouse attaches to the side of the table . that would bring up two cons though , the table is only about 12 '' deep , most laptops would hang off the back edge about an inch . also a 17 '' laptop would likely be between 5 and 7 lbs , that would make it a little tipsy especially if the legs are extended to higher positions . i would n't be sure it 's a good solution in that environment but it 's possible . ( if you click on the mouse model for size and also the color , you should be able to see it with the mouse accessory attached and a sample laptop placed on top ) you would have to buy two ; the large one and then the mouse . it 's two separate units . the mouse attaches to the side of the table . that would bring up two cons though , the table is only about 12 '' deep , most laptops would hang off the back edge about an inch . also a 17 '' laptop would likely be between 5 and 7 lbs , that would make it a little tipsy especially if the legs are extended to higher positions . i would n't be sure it 's a good solution in that environment but it 's possible . ( if you click on the mouse model for size and also the color , you should be able to see it with the ... » read more you would have to buy two ; the large one and then the mouse . it 's two separate units . the mouse attaches to the side of the table . that would bring up two cons though , the table is only about 12 '' deep , most laptops would hang off the back edge about an inch . also a 17 '' laptop would likely be between 5 and 7 lbs , that would make it a little tipsy especially if the legs are extended to higher positions . i would n't be sure it 's a good solution in that environment but it 's possible . ( if you click on the mouse model for size and also the color , you should be able to see it with the mouse accessory attached and a sample laptop placed on top ) « show less
i do n't think it is high enough , but not sure .
yes it will hold it ... but you wont be able to used one at a time when you have it open with college book will take all the space . but it can hold a 5 inch thick book ... i used large books too..
our daughter has an apple pro laptop which the laptop table holds well .
no it is not . i actually bought a separate keyboard and use the stand only to reduce stress on my neck .
you ca n't type standing up unless it its on something . so , unless you 're 5 ' , it probably wo n't reach . it can , standing up , go raise the laptop about 1 ft. hope that helped !
it 's 7 8 '' or 0.8750 mm .
about 30 pages can be feed and not by one page at a time feed .
it came with a usb cable that looked to be about 3 feet in length ... long enough to initially set it up if you were having problems getting the wifi to work by connecting it directly to a computer . however , the wireless setup was so easy and painless that i never took the usb cable out of the bag . hope it helps .
called samsung and buried in the tech manual , you can not use any cardstock with a weight greater than 33lbs .
yes . it is a simple easy and compact printer to use , i am happy with it .
the printer does n't have a single sheet feeder that i have found . there is only one paper drawer . the drawer capacity is very small for a laser printer . i believe you can load envelopes in the drawer but you have to remove the paper first . i have n't had a need to print labels but i 'm sure you can load avery labels in the 8-1 2 x 11 inch feeder
i 've had no issues with it , yes this is the latest i know of . fyi only issue i do n't care for as i have had others and this is not been a friendly as those , is the paper tray does n't hold a lot and is a pain to put in at times , other that that i like it . no question samsung make great printers and this wifi version is nice .
i used this printer in april 2014 to print envelopes for wedding invitations and envelopes . although there is a minimum size ( i could n't print the rsvp return envelopes ) , i had no problem configuring the printer for many non-standard sizes . i can configure the driver for any size media between the largest and smallest sizes it handles .
yes , but it is a smaller quantity than a new toner cartridge .
yes it is
the printer can be networked either wirelessly or using network cables . i have 3 computers on the network that can print to the printer . i prefer to use cables versus wireless , just for more reliability . i do not own a samsung tablet or smartphone . however , according to the owner 's manual , if your device has near field communication ( nfc ) , you can install the samsung mobile print app and print directly to the printer by holding it over the nfc tag on the top front left of the printer . the nfc and the print app takes care of everything , no other driver or network connection is needed .
starter toner sets are those included just to get you going out of the box .. the print quantity is significantly reduced with the starter set
yes
my printer show an approximate ink level . try to reinstall the driver .
not really sure about the transfer but my disappointment with this printer has been the fact that it has n't worked well for me with anything other than standard paper .. with cardstock and envelopes it jams frequently and when one does make it through , the print quality is horrible .. i would not recommend for anything other printing on regular paper
yes it does and i have printed about 100 pages , and it shows that we have more than 50 % left .
yes
i 'm not sure . i looked through the 232 page user 's manual searching for envelope and the word is in the manual twice . the first reference says do not print on both sides of special media , such as labels , envelopes , or thick paper . it may cause a paper jam or damage the machine . the second reference is just that envelopes are a print media . in the paper tab in the printer preferences in the original size selections , there is no option for envelopes . there is for example an option for postcard 4x6 that says not recommended . you can enter a custom paper size . so perhaps you can , but i wo n't be trying it . i 'm not sure . i looked through the 232 page user 's manual searching for envelope and the word is in the manual twice . the first reference says do not print on both sides of special media , such as labels , envelopes , or thick paper . it may cause a paper jam or damage the machine . the second reference is just that envelopes are a print media . in the paper tab in the printer preferences in the original size selections , there is no option for envelopes . there is for example an option for postcard 4x6 that says not recommended . you can enter a custom paper size . so perhaps you can , but i wo n't be ... » read more i 'm not sure . i looked through the 232 page user 's manual searching for envelope and the word is in the manual twice . the first reference says do not print on both sides of special media , such as labels , envelopes , or thick paper . it may cause a paper jam or damage the machine . the second reference is just that envelopes are a print media . in the paper tab in the printer preferences in the original size selections , there is no option for envelopes . there is for example an option for postcard 4x6 that says not recommended . you can enter a custom paper size . so perhaps you can , but i wo n't be trying it . « show less
this is just a printer , not a scanner copier . so no copies .
yes the same , possibly a new model with a differnt chip set or color . it has cas , for 3-d graphing you may have to download the os update from casio ( when it first came out it did n't have it )
there is no difference in functionality as far as i can tell . the only thing that i can think would be the difference would be the market in which the device was originally intended or perhaps the year it was manufactured , but i could not even find the 400l on casio 's website when i was looking at purchasing mine . i purchased the 400l because it was significantly cheaper than the straight 400 model when i was looking . i would say pick up the cheaper of the two if you are trying to decide between the two.the one i purchased has worked magnificently , and has done the job i needed it to . i purchased mine to for use in my upper level math and electronics courses at school ( university ) , the only caution i would take is to make sure that your school ( assuming that is what you are buying it for ) allows the use of cas calculators . some do not , and it would suck to purchase such an advanced calculator and not be able to use it on tests or in class ... . though i guess it would still make doing homework easier . there is no difference in functionality as far as i can tell . the only thing that i can think would be the difference would be the market in which the device was originally intended or perhaps the year it was manufactured , but i could not even find the 400l on casio 's website when i was looking at purchasing mine . i purchased the 400l because it was significantly cheaper than the straight 400 model when i was looking . i would say pick up the cheaper of the two if you are trying to decide between the two.the one i purchased has worked magnificently , and has done the job i ... » read more there is no difference in functionality as far as i can tell . the only thing that i can think would be the difference would be the market in which the device was originally intended or perhaps the year it was manufactured , but i could not even find the 400l on casio 's website when i was looking at purchasing mine . i purchased the 400l because it was significantly cheaper than the straight 400 model when i was looking . i would say pick up the cheaper of the two if you are trying to decide between the two.the one i purchased has worked magnificently , and has done the job i needed it to . i purchased mine to for use in my upper level math and electronics courses at school ( university ) , the only caution i would take is to make sure that your school ( assuming that is what you are buying it for ) allows the use of cas calculators . some do not , and it would suck to purchase such an advanced calculator and not be able to use it on tests or in class ... . though i guess it would still make doing homework easier . « show less
the hp prime has a built-in rechargeable battery . my experience has been more battery life out of the aaa 's than the hp.also , you need not drag around the recharging cord . it boils down to what are the esthetics . the hp prime has a much larger set of applications.i use both , but i use the hp prime more ... also , it has an emulator that you can put up on your computer .
i 'm using it now for like 7 months ! did n't have any chance to try nspire but this device is fantastic ! i 'm studying ms structural engineering and not only it 's my calculator but also sometimes it 's my computer as well ! i have no problem to solve 16x16 stufness matrix with this device ! i rather to have a big screen calculator like this in compare to the others !
yes
look i think they are both great ! both for me its easier to work with this one.its very simple , if you know how to use casio .
casio fx cp400 , absolutely love it
yes it would be suitable for someone teaching themselves calculus . i am currently using it for my business calculus class and it has helped me tremendously .
it does come with the classpad manager but only a 90-day trial of it . the classpad manager is a very powerful tool and is not only a calculator emulator , it allows you the full functionality of the classpad on your computer along with linking it to your handheld . it is very similar to the ti-nspire cx cas teachers software that is sold separately . at least casio gives you 90 days worth of using the full functionality of the software where ti only gives you a 30 day trial of the student software . the software comes on the disk that comes with the calculator .
yes , this calculator has a computer algebra system that is very sophisticated . the list of built in functions can be obtained by downloading the operator manual from the casio website .
those ( blue and yellow ) are not elastic accessories . those are colored folders to show that you can place folders in those pockets . the elastic accessory part of the padfolio is located where you can hold pens ... as shown in the images on amazon and just down and to the right where , assuming , you can place your cell phone or maybe a calculator ... ? great buy !
it lays very flat when opened . there are two pockets that are a bit tight for folders but i found that to be the case for all the padfolios i looked at , unfortunately . you 're only real options if you need to carry several folders is to purchase an accordion style case .
mine has suffered some rough treatment and has survived . ca n't be of much help about dirt and oil .
just the one side .
it is soft and cushy . it is completely bendable . i do n't know how long it would last of you were doing that every day , but it is capable .
yes this is pretty deep . if you remove pens , phones , the ring binder , etc. , it would be even deeper .
faux leather , little cushiony
slides out easily . do n't lose any stiffness
probably not . the flap is large , and it comes unglued at the seams easily . i worry it would tear apart with a wire binding .
yes
yes
no
i do n't think it would . there is a spot for a paper tablet and some other items like a credit card , pen stylus etc .
yes .
the front is curved so the dept ranges from 18-19 inches .
no odor . no wear noted but only had it a couple of months .
i am 6'3 '' and it fits like a glove .
i do n't think so . the arms seem to be an integral part of the way the back of the chair reclines . when my chair arrived , the arms were not attached and needed to be so . besides all that , you might find them most useful when you wish to get up out of the chair or return the usual sitting position .
w=2 ' 3 1 2 '' outside of arm to outside of armw = 1'-10 '' inside arm to inside of armdepth = 2'-6 '' overall height = 3'-7 1 2 ''
level
it is easy and does n't take much effort , and i use it the same way - just to relax for a bit when i 'm watching something on the pc . it can be reclined while sitting in it . you have to bend down to the side and lift a lever underneath the chair , lean back to where you want it , then lower the lever to lock it in place . when you sit up in it you do the reverse , but you do have to reach back with your hand and pull the back of the seat all of the way forward ; it 's easy to do and lifts most of the way on its own , but not all of the way . the bending and twisting to the side might not be comfortable for someone with a bad back , but otherwise not difficult . i explain how the footrest works in my review , and in the comments i linked to the video that shows the chair in action . i have had it a few weeks and still like it . it is easy and does n't take much effort , and i use it the same way - just to relax for a bit when i 'm watching something on the pc . it can be reclined while sitting in it . you have to bend down to the side and lift a lever underneath the chair , lean back to where you want it , then lower the lever to lock it in place . when you sit up in it you do the reverse , but you do have to reach back with your hand and pull the back of the seat all of the way forward ; it 's easy to do and lifts most of the way on its own , but not all of the way . the bending and twisting to the side might not be ... » read more it is easy and does n't take much effort , and i use it the same way - just to relax for a bit when i 'm watching something on the pc . it can be reclined while sitting in it . you have to bend down to the side and lift a lever underneath the chair , lean back to where you want it , then lower the lever to lock it in place . when you sit up in it you do the reverse , but you do have to reach back with your hand and pull the back of the seat all of the way forward ; it 's easy to do and lifts most of the way on its own , but not all of the way . the bending and twisting to the side might not be comfortable for someone with a bad back , but otherwise not difficult . i explain how the footrest works in my review , and in the comments i linked to the video that shows the chair in action . i have had it a few weeks and still like it . « show less
it leans pretty far back maybe 45 degrees , but its very very flimsy . the back on mine broke after about 6 months of moderate use . cheap plastic
the seat at its highest is 22 '' the arms for the chair are 29-1 2 ''
the seat on mine had a leaking shock that would not hold up . i have it in a back room as i had thrown away the packaging . very disapointed and still looking for the right chair
no , the back does not tilt by its ' self . the seat and back do tilt back together .
i just measured it from floor to seat bottom and got 14 ''
its decently comfortable . i was surprised however , how low the back cushion sits . there is essentially no head support available in this chair , so if you like to recline while reading at your desk , your neck may be strained as you will not be able to rest your head against the back of the chair .
we 've had the chair for over a year and a 1 2 , it is used for hours each day and is holding up really well and is very comfortable . hope this helps !
yes you can
ink seems to be water stable when given a few minutes to `` dry '' . paper wrinkles when it dries though . transparencies do n't hold the ink very well so be careful of the media used . hi-gloss labels need set-up time before use .
brother lc 103 or lc103xl
i have scanned 24 pages with no problem so i am guessing 30 would not be a problem either .
the answer is yes , here 's the web site on brother.com , http : www.brother.com e-ftp win index.html ... ... ... ... . i have found this to be a wonderful printer so far . i did see negative reviews , but found some of the issues that were mentioned , were not happening to me . i use this printer with an imac 2013 w mavericks os and the printer works fine . i had an occasion to use the 2 sided printing ... and it was perfect . also scanned pictures ... perfect as well . i do make an effort to really fan the paper prior to putting it in the paper tray and i did follow the set up instructions very carefully as there are just a few things to do . i use this printer for printing out things at home , and the wifi works wonderfully , as during set up , you get a choice to choose cable or wifi . hope this helps the answer is yes , here 's the web site on brother.com , http : www.brother.com e-ftp win index.html ... ... ... ... . i have found this to be a wonderful printer so far . i did see negative reviews , but found some of the issues that were mentioned , were not happening to me . i use this printer with an imac 2013 w mavericks os and the printer works fine . i had an occasion to use the 2 sided printing ... and it was perfect . also scanned pictures ... perfect as well . i do make an effort to really fan the paper prior to putting it in the paper tray and i did follow the set up instructions very ... » read more the answer is yes , here 's the web site on brother.com , http : www.brother.com e-ftp win index.html ... ... ... ... . i have found this to be a wonderful printer so far . i did see negative reviews , but found some of the issues that were mentioned , were not happening to me . i use this printer with an imac 2013 w mavericks os and the printer works fine . i had an occasion to use the 2 sided printing ... and it was perfect . also scanned pictures ... perfect as well . i do make an effort to really fan the paper prior to putting it in the paper tray and i did follow the set up instructions very carefully as there are just a few things to do . i use this printer for printing out things at home , and the wifi works wonderfully , as during set up , you get a choice to choose cable or wifi . hope this helps « show less
yes , i 've scanned several items from books , magazines , etc .
yes it works perfectly with windows 8
yes.you can scan an image on the printer and any pc on your network can access that image .
it 's a pleasing `` beep '' sound ... i do n't know how else to describe it . it 's also loud enough to hear without being overpowering ...
no , do n't bother buying the ez-find . i bought it a short while ago and ( 1 ) only 2 of the 4 locators worked , even with brand new batteries , and ( 2 ) after one week the 2 working locators began beeping randomly in 45 sec intervals and could not be silenced , even with new batteries . also , even the small locators are way too big for a cat collar . the ez-find is very cheaply made and the programming was very difficult to follow despite the fact that i am fairly tech-savvy . try another product or perhaps a simple small cat bell which can be found at most pet stores .
they are too large for glasses . would be okay on a glasses case though . good luck
this is a piece of junk . all tags plus the controller failed within 5 weeks . i only used the units during testing possibly a cumulative 8 tries.tags can be glued to cell phone but results will not fit into cell phone case . anyway , they are completely unreliable and flimsy .
24mm : tz-151�ctz-251�ctz-451�ctz-551�ctz-651�ctz-75118mm : tz-141�ctz-241�ctz-441�ctz-541�ctz-641�ctz-74112mm,9mm,6mm�cmore ... .
yes
the amount of lines depend solely on the width of the tape & the size of the font . with the software you can add as many lines as you wish , just keep in mind the more lines , the small the print . i feel comfortable saying the 1 '' could handle 3 lines easy .
in the ptlite10 folder open the file prtinfo.ini , and change the value of nminnocutfeed in each of the sections from 175 to 10. this will eliminate the excess tape . you can experiment with the other settings as well . changing nminfeed might reduce the amount of tape it feeds before printing as well.also , i noticed that the setting reset after the unit was rebooted . in fact , you can run the whole program from your computer by copying the files if you 'd like to preserve this setting .
the brother tz tze tapes ( which this model uses ) are rated for outdoor use & laminated : < http : www.brother-usa.com supplies tape-labels adhesive.aspx > . brother also offers `` extra strength '' versions of some tze tapes : < http : www.brother-usa.com supplies tape-labels durable.aspx > .
no , tze takes some holes to mark the color but tz not , that you ca n't push the tz 's into the pt700
having owned other p-touch machines i decided to try this model since it runs from a computer ... once again a true pleasure . to change the tape takes about three seconds . open the side door , with your thumb and a finger grab onto the ends of the tape cartridge and pull it out . for installation just push the new cartridge in . there is a line up pin and drive hub which keep the cartridge in line . it goes straight in and you could n't insert it incorrectly if you were doing it in the dark . hope you enjoy the machine as much as i do ... .good luck , george
i have windows 7 the box reads windows vista , windows 7 , windows 8 & mac . questions & drivers at www.brother.com
it is supplied with 0.5 '' tape of limited length . useful for labelling large objects to read from a distance . if you intend to label smaller objects such as files , camera or phone , then you may want to buy a narrower width cartridge . i use 12 mm for this purpose .
yes , it does . it includes a monthly calendar for each month , in addition to the weekly pages .
yes ! this planner has tabbed monthly pages ( 2 pages per month ) in addition to the weekly pages . i 've been using this format for almost 10 years and love it !
yes .
i am pretty sure you are limited to 8 and a half inches wide-you would have to scan partials and piece together . maybe put together in a software program . i am guessing it would be a lot of time and trouble to be perfect . i do think this is a great product but would personally not use for large projects .
you would need a converter to charge the battery .
yes it can - but the roller wheel is of rubber and it might catch dust particles and get damaged . if you want to do is once twice is fine , but you wont be able to do it regularly .
dark gray
yes it can ! it scans either jpgs or pdfs and you can choose the resolution and quality before you scan .
this stand alone scanner . its amazing , once you practice for 8-10 times , you can learn it . how scanning is done ? just press scan button on device and move device over the paper you want to scan . thats it . you need computer just to pull scanned images . so when you connect to any computer ( mac , windows ) you will see sd card of device and all scanned images like storage device . you can store scanned images as jpg or pdf .
ocr and scanning are two separate processes . you can ocr after scanning using their software or any other ocr software ( some better than the free products ) . high end scanner software combos will scan ocr in one operation . with the vupoint hand held scanner you have to download your scans to your computer before you can run ocr .
no , it 's a hook for a retail peg like on a retail store wall .
that depends on the size , weight , and contact point material of the action figure . i would n't count on it though .
in the listing , under features , it mentions 100 pieces:7 8 '' x 1-3 8 '' hook hang tab.015 mil plastic1 2 '' adhesive20 tabs per sheet , 100 pieces per purchasei hope this helps !
yes , that is my primary use for it . i use it with my toshiba satellite laptop computer and it works great !
yes , 7 angles
yes it works with almost any tablet and even the smaller ones . my sister has a galaxy tab and it worked for her .
i 'm unfamiliar with the size of an ipad air as i have an ipad 4. i have a cover on mine and it fits in the compartment great .
i would say yes . i use mine with an apple ipad and it works just fine . also , there is plenty of extra room on the sides for a larger device .
no it is not but it is so pretty !
it 's upside down ... it 's a fantastic book ... i love it ... got one for my sister too .
it is like a small journal . may be a little big to fit into your pocket , but it would fit into an average sized purse .
5-10 secs . yes i think its faster b c its a smaller surface area .
doxie flip stores images on the scanner itself in jpeg format , then offers a variety of output formats in the included software.for some full quality samples , check out : http : www.getdoxie.com product flip samples.htmlsarah @ doxie customer care
doxie flip works standalone and writes directly to a sd memory card . any device that can read a sd memory card can then access the images .
they are the same hardware . you may want the doxie because their software is a little easier and mac-friendly . no doubt , this is a rebrand , but the brand takes care to make their software work well .
the scanning surface is 4x6 '' . it uses an autostitch program for larger sized documents . i.e . scan different overlapping portions of a document , upload it , and autostitch merges the scans together .
the doxie can be set for 300 dpi or 600 dpi . it 's bed is 4 '' x 6 '' , so you can put most snapshots on the bed and put down the cover to hold in place . the door is also removable so you can hold it up to a picture or document hanging on the wall for instance . for pictures bigger than 4x6 , there is a feature where you can stitch multiple scans together , but i have not used it . my opinion is that if you have things bigger than snapshots ... scan them on a conventional scanner . the cool thing about the doxie is the portability and convenience . you can take that box of pictures that 's sitting in the closet and get them in the computer in quick order . the doxie can be set for 300 dpi or 600 dpi . it 's bed is 4 '' x 6 '' , so you can put most snapshots on the bed and put down the cover to hold in place . the door is also removable so you can hold it up to a picture or document hanging on the wall for instance . for pictures bigger than 4x6 , there is a feature where you can stitch multiple scans together , but i have not used it . my opinion is that if you have things bigger than snapshots ... scan them on a conventional scanner . the cool thing about the doxie is the portability and convenience . you can take that box of pictures that 's ... » read more the doxie can be set for 300 dpi or 600 dpi . it 's bed is 4 '' x 6 '' , so you can put most snapshots on the bed and put down the cover to hold in place . the door is also removable so you can hold it up to a picture or document hanging on the wall for instance . for pictures bigger than 4x6 , there is a feature where you can stitch multiple scans together , but i have not used it . my opinion is that if you have things bigger than snapshots ... scan them on a conventional scanner . the cool thing about the doxie is the portability and convenience . you can take that box of pictures that 's sitting in the closet and get them in the computer in quick order . « show less
it gets a better detailed scan , i also see a difference in ease of use .
i compared both models and the branding on the topside was the only difference i could see . me decision came down to the reviews which led me to choose the doxie . i am very satisfied .
doxie flip can scan in both 300dpi and 600dpi. -- christy @ doxie customer care
yes you can . it is backwards but in our case , that does n't matter because you can still read it . keep it simple with not too much information so people driving by can read it fast .
you should message the seller
the ground spike is about 2 1 2 feet long and should work fine for the sand as long as the sand gets firm about 6 '' - 12 '' down .
`` choose '' means to get a new telephone number . `` port '' means to switch ( keep ) your current telephone number to the new service .
i have three extension phones . yes it works on all three with one box . you hook into router , not computer . very easy .
you can turn off the voice mail . you can also set how many seconds to wait before the voice mail picks up .
you just plug it into your router and your phone into the device . you go online to their website and set up an acct . there they will ask if you want a new # or keep your current . if you keep your current , you do nothing . they will email you when the switch is complete . i love it !
sorry , i just saw this message.everything seems to work fine , except , there is a clicking noise that is constant while you are talking and extremely annoying . however , i do not know if it is the phone i also bought or the basic talk . hope this helps .
it is true that your phone will be down if your internet is down your phone will be down , however i have used internet through charter and our local telephone co ( century link ) and have not experienced down time very very seldom . if your internet gets knocked off the red light will be on your router and all you do is turn it off for 30 seconds and then turn it back on and it comes right back . but if your electric to your home goes down you will also have no phone service unless you have an old rotary dial phone to use . my telephone with basic talk is 13.09 a month ( taxes & fees included ) with call waiting , voice mail , unlimited long distance , and caller id . compare this to your local carrier . it is true that your phone will be down if your internet is down your phone will be down , however i have used internet through charter and our local telephone co ( century link ) and have not experienced down time very very seldom . if your internet gets knocked off the red light will be on your router and all you do is turn it off for 30 seconds and then turn it back on and it comes right back . but if your electric to your home goes down you will also have no phone service unless you have an old rotary dial phone to use . my telephone with basic talk is 13.09 a month ( taxes & fees included ) ... » read more it is true that your phone will be down if your internet is down your phone will be down , however i have used internet through charter and our local telephone co ( century link ) and have not experienced down time very very seldom . if your internet gets knocked off the red light will be on your router and all you do is turn it off for 30 seconds and then turn it back on and it comes right back . but if your electric to your home goes down you will also have no phone service unless you have an old rotary dial phone to use . my telephone with basic talk is 13.09 a month ( taxes & fees included ) with call waiting , voice mail , unlimited long distance , and caller id . compare this to your local carrier . « show less
this is an important question , and the answer is that it is almost certain that your security company will not allow you to use your own voip setup . the security system will need to seize the line , and for liability reasons , no security company that i know of will agree to is use . that said , it can serve as the callback number with no issue .
ld products has a complete line of cartridges for the canon printers . ldproducts.com i have used them for years without problems .
everything you need but usb cable . wth ? should include usb cable too since it 's needed to plug printer into pc . i had to order usb cable separately after getting this printer and finding out it came with no usb cable . still pissed about that .
the dimensions are shown on the web page -- 12.1 x 16.8 x 5.8 and it weighs 7.6 pounds . it does n't take up much space in fact much less than the prior two desktop printers that i owned .
the best bet is to call canon 1-800-828-4040. whenever my printer wo n't work - for any reason - i call them and they transfer me to the customer support and they walk me through the whole thing . they are very helpful and patient and will stay on the phone for as long as it takes to get the problem fixed . i am not computer savvy and canon will talk to you in plain english . hope this helps
yes
cl-246xl and pg-245xl . try 101inks.com for cheaper prices .
as long as you have black ink , you can make black and white copies . the color cartridge is only needed for color copies . also , if you do n't have a color cartridge and try to print a color copy , it will just come out black and white .
yes i wanted to be sure so i unattached it from my computer . works fine .
only had 1 month . but yes , it gives you 2 options either black or color ink . i am very satisfied with printer .
do n't use it for envelopes . paper capacity is about 20 sheets . use it very lightly , but it works well . cartridges are not very high capacity , to put it mildly
print quality = high , standard or draft ( draft would be economy ) you also can choose gray scale to save on color . xl cartridges are available with larger ink capacity as well .
yes
it 's not inside of the printer . when you open the front of the printer , you 'll get two trays . the lower one is where you store the paper , and the top one is where your prints come out . so your paper supply sticks out for about a third of a paper length .
all printers have to have software ( drivers ) available for the computer that is using them . that is n't tied to the computer hardware , but to the operating system . if you are running windows 7 , or 8 , or even xp , i think you 'd be ok. same for apple ios .
inkjet
yes
i used kodak premium satin photo paper ( ordered from amazon ) and the results were terrific !
i refilled my black cartridge with a two pack i bought off amazon .
absolutely ... make sure your wifi settings are all set correctly for your hardware and its done deal !
i purchased the printer and it does do duplex scanning . in addition to the single scanning glass inside the machine itself , there is a document feeder tray on top that i 've used to scan 3-4 pages ( give or take ) at a time .
bpo telecom sent both an email and a regular mail letter with the information to use the calling card . there is no `` card '' - just the email and the regular mail letter .
no
i do n't know , i only used here to call china
in the description , it says this calling card never expired .
hishelf life is 24monthsregardsprinterknow
the best answer i could give is to google it . as to what i think , yes i believe so . i am using this ink in the epson r220 and it looks good .
hi yes it works with 7610
i have it and have not used it but the print i made out of it was dull too but what the seller said is that it will appear cleaner and sharper after going tru the ovun . for me i just installed it and have no oven to use it yet .
yes - if you 're using refillable cartridges , you can replace the entire cartridge with a new , different ink cartridge . do n't mix the two inks in the same cartridge . also , if you have a cis ( continuous ink system ) , then you would have to replace the entire cis - remove the tube line that leads from the ink source & replace it with a new system along with the new ink you 're using . if you do n't , the inks will mix and or be distributed differently ( some of the old blue with some of the new red ) as it disperses through the feed tubes and you wo n't get true results from using the new ink . also , i would not go back and forth from sub ink to non sub ink . let your sublimation printer be dedicated to sublimation ink . yes - if you 're using refillable cartridges , you can replace the entire cartridge with a new , different ink cartridge . do n't mix the two inks in the same cartridge . also , if you have a cis ( continuous ink system ) , then you would have to replace the entire cis - remove the tube line that leads from the ink source & replace it with a new system along with the new ink you 're using . if you do n't , the inks will mix and or be distributed differently ( some of the old blue with some of the new red ) as it disperses through the feed tubes and you wo n't get true results from using the new ink . also , i ... » read more yes - if you 're using refillable cartridges , you can replace the entire cartridge with a new , different ink cartridge . do n't mix the two inks in the same cartridge . also , if you have a cis ( continuous ink system ) , then you would have to replace the entire cis - remove the tube line that leads from the ink source & replace it with a new system along with the new ink you 're using . if you do n't , the inks will mix and or be distributed differently ( some of the old blue with some of the new red ) as it disperses through the feed tubes and you wo n't get true results from using the new ink . also , i would not go back and forth from sub ink to non sub ink . let your sublimation printer be dedicated to sublimation ink . « show less
hi we have access numbers from all the countries you requested . zurich , rome and santo domingo the price to call from any of these countries to the usa will be 2 cents per minute .
while it does not support a battery power option , you could purchase a apc battery backup for the times when energy is down .
i have it plugged directly into the wall now , the power has gone out a few times and no data has been lost . i am thinking about getting a surge protector with a battery backup just in case .
mine does the same thing sometimes . some days it works perfect some days it does nothing . i have one employee it wo n't work for at all . i am not satisfied with the product at all . i just did n't want to spend a lot of money . i set them all up with a pin number for back up when finger print wo n't work .
i do n't use it . it is to cumbersome to set up and to pull readings from . connecting it directly to a laptop does nothing . have you had any luck with it ?
could you please try to download the information by the usb flash disk ? it also support download by usb flash disk . any other questions , please contact me freely.best regards .
mmm you can contact to the seller ... the one i bought came with manual.. ( a simple manual 1 sheet ) but it is easy to setup
data can be downloaded anytime you want . i normally download the data weekly just before payroll , to calculate absences etc
yes with an excellent document feed .
hi susan , i am using the cannon mf6106dw with a mac book air 11 '' that is has the os x yosemite version 10.10.3. the mac had yosemite already but i have since upgraded the os as apple pushed out updates with no problem !
gerard , the canon mf6160dw does work with a distinctive ring fax line and can fax and print on legal size paper .
nothing exits from the back . it all exits from the front .
yes it can .
we use cheap office depot copy paper ( 92lb ) - no issues .
hi yue s. the imageclass mf6160dw has the following languages built into the unit : english , french , spanish , and portuguese .
no
it flips it .
do n't know if it is an updated version but we have not had a single paper jam since we purchased it approximately 6 months ago .
might be a little difficult getting a coffee mug or t shirt through the paper feed . in other words , i do n't know .
good question . have n't tried but it is listed as such .
yes and it will tell you how if you will use the easy demo
the difference is that the j875 is carried by bust buy so that they do not have to price match with other retailers ( who carry the j870 ) .
4.25 '' x 3 '' x 3 4 '' thick
please contact our store , menswallet . you can find us as sellers on this item page and shown as authentic retailers of this particular product . we would be more than glad to let you know what colors we have in stock and fulfill the order for you , to your specifications . we can also provide you with a discount on a large order like this .
you can not pick the colors . you just get the least cooler ones which is purple or white .
inside dimensions are 3.75 '' x 2.5 '' . the pockets inside are half sleeves - only 1.25 '' deep .
yes , you could put a sticker on them .
i received a very good assortment of colors after ordering 30 of them .
yes , i bought on amazon , be careful of ooma new pricing policy , was thinking of charging per extension
$ 41.27 - for two lines with auto receptionist . if the receptionist is not important , you can use two telos and it runs about $ 7.00 a month for both .
setup & register online - works fine in firefox on osx
no .
i think it would . i have 2 lines coming into two phones but i think it would work with 2 lines into one phone . both phone have separate number ? better call and check . bob
i think it 's the same thing .
excellent , i thought it was a person till i asked our guy who set it up !
yes , it is like writing in paper , it saves the strokes immediately .
no , its electronic ink .
download the japanese pdf from their website and use google tanslate . also another reviewer left some very good instruction in his reviewhttp : translate.google.com
no it does not . it will fold all the way back , but not quite flat and i do n't think that is good for the spine of the cover . do n't let it stop you though from buying a really cool device .
yes ! just like paper , not like i pad .
you can have a many folders as you want . this sharp ewriter called a folder as notebook . right now , i have about 15 folders . i do n't think there is a limitation on notebook . the only limitation is memory , which i will never reach . once you delete a notebook , you free up the memory . in order to understand the menu in japanese menu , i download the manual and have google translate each menu item .
the only export format is .bmp ...
no
it 's not a tablet . it is similar to a boogie board only with a bit more functionality .
yes
i have no idea but both of the ones i purchase came defective . just buy from a store . target price matches
yes
cartridges are from china .
went to staples website and put in c4795 and it comes up with hp60 and 60xl need to probably look at one out of box side by side . i have hp photosmart
hi . usually you can find the expiration date on the box at the bottom
yes ! i have the hp photosmart c4680 printer .
there is only one swiper in this transaction
it comes out the back but there is a slot where the cable can come out the side if you just route through the slot
no
yes
there are 4 brother cartridges : lc101m ( red ) , lc101c ( blue ) , lc101y ( yellow ) , and lc103bk ( black ) .
yes it can . when you 're printing just go in the settings and look for 2 sided printing or duplex . it will be called one or the other .
yes , but cartridges are only starter cartridges . the supplied cartridges are only 40-60 % capacity of purchased separately cartridges , maybe . much like all new printers with supplied ink cartridges .
this is not a good solution but i was under a deadline and had to get documents printed . i would suggest investing in a brother b &w; laser and keeping this one for color , faxing and scanning . here is how you can get it to print b &w; with empty color cartridges : take the empty color cartridge out . you will notice that it is spring-loaded and if you push the side that is towards the printer , there is a little window that shows the ink level . while pushed in , tape the ink tank window with black electric tape . be careful and make sure the tape covers only the ink tank window . insert the cartridge back and the printer will show that color cartridge as full . make sure to do this with all the color cartridges when they get empty and print in black and white only . printing color may damage the printer if you do this ! b &w; only ! this is not a good solution but i was under a deadline and had to get documents printed . i would suggest investing in a brother b &w; laser and keeping this one for color , faxing and scanning . here is how you can get it to print b &w; with empty color cartridges : take the empty color cartridge out . you will notice that it is spring-loaded and if you push the side that is towards the printer , there is a little window that shows the ink level . while pushed in , tape the ink tank window with black electric tape . be careful and make sure the tape covers only the ink tank window . insert ... » read more this is not a good solution but i was under a deadline and had to get documents printed . i would suggest investing in a brother b &w; laser and keeping this one for color , faxing and scanning . here is how you can get it to print b &w; with empty color cartridges : take the empty color cartridge out . you will notice that it is spring-loaded and if you push the side that is towards the printer , there is a little window that shows the ink level . while pushed in , tape the ink tank window with black electric tape . be careful and make sure the tape covers only the ink tank window . insert the cartridge back and the printer will show that color cartridge as full . make sure to do this with all the color cartridges when they get empty and print in black and white only . printing color may damage the printer if you do this ! b &w; only ! « show less
i used to have an epson and now have a brother and the ink does seem to be a little less expensive for the brother printer . even though it suggests you use genuine brother ink i buy off brand compatible cartridges that are a fraction of the cost and do just a good of a job .
yes , as long as you leave the empty cartridges in the printer
yes
it does allow legal sized paper ( but you have to re-set the paper size on the machine ) , and envelopes are printable but it is a cumbersome project . if you need to print envelopes often , i would not recommend this machine . also , you can buy the black cartridges separately - i have ( i mostly print in black - you can set the machine for black only just press the black print button on the machine ) . i like the machine very much , but i just retired and do n't need printed envelopes ( their instructions are confusing and you can only print one at a time ) . also , to use the fax settings , if you have your phone thru voi , you have to open up the machine and directly plug one end of the phone connector into the machine and the other end into the router . it does allow legal sized paper ( but you have to re-set the paper size on the machine ) , and envelopes are printable but it is a cumbersome project . if you need to print envelopes often , i would not recommend this machine . also , you can buy the black cartridges separately - i have ( i mostly print in black - you can set the machine for black only just press the black print button on the machine ) . i like the machine very much , but i just retired and do n't need printed envelopes ( their instructions are confusing and you can only print one at a time ) . also , to use the fax settings , if you have ... » read more it does allow legal sized paper ( but you have to re-set the paper size on the machine ) , and envelopes are printable but it is a cumbersome project . if you need to print envelopes often , i would not recommend this machine . also , you can buy the black cartridges separately - i have ( i mostly print in black - you can set the machine for black only just press the black print button on the machine ) . i like the machine very much , but i just retired and do n't need printed envelopes ( their instructions are confusing and you can only print one at a time ) . also , to use the fax settings , if you have your phone thru voi , you have to open up the machine and directly plug one end of the phone connector into the machine and the other end into the router . « show less
width is 22 '' but you need access to the paper trays on the left end.depth is 23 '' with the rear manual feed slot open and the output catcher unfolded.height is 12-1 2 '' with the cover closed . the footprint of the base is 19-1 2 '' wide and 13-3 4 '' deep.hope this helps .
lc 103 ( regular color or black ) ; lc 105 ( color ) , lc 109 ( super high yield black )
yes there is . make sure you install the paperport program to make it work properly . paperport is included in the software disk included with the printer . make sure to install the printer using the disk rather than using microsoft 's `` included '' software . you will get a much better user interface and many more printer options . with the paperport installed i have `` scanned '' a hundred pages at a time without a problem . instead of scanning from `` windows '' , open paperport and scan from the paperport ui ( user interface ) . you can set it to `` stack '' the scanned objects , reverse their order and or unstack them if you wish to view any particular pages . you can save the scanned pages either in pp or save them to docs or desktop etc. , and even print them directly from paperport . the pp program is worth more than the printer ! great little program ! really . read the directions ( if you do n't you may not be able to divine all of the printer 's functions ) . good luck and enjoy ! yes there is . make sure you install the paperport program to make it work properly . paperport is included in the software disk included with the printer . make sure to install the printer using the disk rather than using microsoft 's `` included '' software . you will get a much better user interface and many more printer options . with the paperport installed i have `` scanned '' a hundred pages at a time without a problem . instead of scanning from `` windows '' , open paperport and scan from the paperport ui ( user interface ) . you can set it to `` stack '' the scanned ... » read more yes there is . make sure you install the paperport program to make it work properly . paperport is included in the software disk included with the printer . make sure to install the printer using the disk rather than using microsoft 's `` included '' software . you will get a much better user interface and many more printer options . with the paperport installed i have `` scanned '' a hundred pages at a time without a problem . instead of scanning from `` windows '' , open paperport and scan from the paperport ui ( user interface ) . you can set it to `` stack '' the scanned objects , reverse their order and or unstack them if you wish to view any particular pages . you can save the scanned pages either in pp or save them to docs or desktop etc. , and even print them directly from paperport . the pp program is worth more than the printer ! great little program ! really . read the directions ( if you do n't you may not be able to divine all of the printer 's functions ) . good luck and enjoy ! « show less
i believe the duplex is available by feeding the paper thru the doc feeder , not from the flatbed glass . the hinge is flexible to allow for thick items placed on the flatbed glass .
it 's been fine for us , we just do n't leave it stocked full of 11x17 all the time . we change it back right away ! we 've printed some large music scores .
yes it will . this is a great mobile scanner . i have n't had any problems with it .
no ; you can only scan one side at a time .
works perfectly with older and newer macs . takes only 3 seconds to scan a photo or document in b w or color.very satisfied with product and like that it is battery operated and portable .
you have to buy the sd card separate .
should scan about any document picture . mine came with software that will allow me to scan directly into the computer using the included usb cord and i can view scan directly . it also has the micro card that can be used to store scans without using usb . you would then have transfer to computer , but you will not be able to see actual scans until you connect to computer . the software that came with my scanner is evernote sprint abbyy fine reader ( direct scan ) , scandirect ( vupoint ) , and sort and file suite ( have n't used that ) .
i had this same idea myself . could be , but you would need the correct usb cable . i do n't see why not .
no , it does n't .
i 've had no problem transferring with mac usb port . just follow instructions , must save as a file in documents and open as attachment .
find your bluetooth setting in your settings and turn the key pad on the switch is on the right , then once you have the bluetooth set up open push the bluetooth button on the keyboard and it should connect
no . if you want to rotate it look for a case where the back has a circle around the apple icon . those rotate 360. but i found that leaving that circle of my ipad open left it prone to scratches
yes . it is recharagable , and comes with the cord . love this thing !
yes it turns off when closed .
it does n't come with a stylus or cloth . personally i like the stand ! and it 's magnetic so it does n't just flop around : )
yes . ipad 2 , 3 , & 4
yes
yes , you can take out the wireless module and simply hardwire directly to your router . if you do n't need wireless capability then you could save $ $ by purchasing an ooma without the adapter .
you do need to connect to the router or modem for initial set up . after set up is complete , in theory it should work wirelessly . in practice ( for me , anyway ) , the wireless function does not work . i gave up and connected by ethernet cable . ooma recommends a wired connection between modem and router .
it 's all pending on what you want to do . if your going to do premier ooma if you sign up for a year of service you get an adapter for free ( bluetooth or wireless ) . if your going for basic service then i would recommended getting the ooma with wireless adapter bundle . yes when i bought mine too it was less than the individual ones too .
the lc101 package states that page yield information can be obtained from : www.brother.com pageyield . my printer , the mfc-j870dw , is not listed on that link . you can contact brother support if you still ca n't find the information for your printer .
oh yeah ! they will not unpack if for you tho . it 's just like xmas .
hi lenore : i would suggest that you go to the brother web site and double check to see if these cartridges will work with the brother model you have . on another note : i 'm guessing that these should work well with your brother mfc-j27ow . it 's a good buy . good luck and merry christmas . lil
refurbished cartridges last longer than the oem versions . i have had mine for about four months and i am on my second cartridge . the first oem cartridge went out after three weeks and the refurbished i 'm still using . i print quite a bit since this is my work printer .
i do n't know if you received the answer - but yes and color scans are great .
yes . it prompts you to insert the output ( the front pages ) back into the feeder so it can print the back side . it guides you on how to do this . reading the other responses on this thread , i agree this requires human intervention , but it 's not a big deal . i do a lot of double-side printing . it works well . to put this in the proper perspective , this is the same process as for my more expensive hp laserjet color 300 which cost twice as much .
yes i have and it works well
yes
it has a color display
correct
yes ... not a problem . when the software responds to print the page , go to print properties and select duplex .
straight to a macbook it was super easy . we had issues connecting to our wifi but it only took ~30 minutes to resolve .
no . i purchase replacement ink cartridges on amazon at very low costs .
hello and thank you for your interest in our product , if 1 unit is purchased it ships as followsin 1 box 26 '' l x 26 '' w x 16 '' h , and is 28lbs.please feel free to contact me for further assistance.thanks again andrea
no , not true . there is an outside thin strip on each of the pieces that allow you to use them in any location you wish , but you just need to be mindful of the `` wood '' grain to make sure it all aligns . great floor and tons of compliments at a trade show . would also work well for a children 's room .
hello , for 260 square feet you would need approximately 3 boxes . 2 boxes 200 square feet with little to spare .
i do all the time with no problem . however at one show i used the chairs they had and the rubber cover was missing on the metal chair leg and it left a debt for a bit and as soon as we noticed we switched the chair out . some lady with stilettos walked on it during the night of a multi day show and made holes���
i have not tried that yet but , was thinking you would need a rug to put down first to give it some stability , or cardboard . something to create more of a flat surface .
from the order i received , every square came with removable thin strips along the sides to give a straight edge . essentially , any of the squares could be used as an outer edge . the pattern does n't match up perfectly throughout so does n't matter where the squares end up . even though it 's not one big image , the squares still look very nice regardless of their order .
yes
yes , i used a damp wash cloth and it comes right off . i primed the paper by rubbing chalk all over it first before drawing anything on it . hopes that helps !
i have never used the con-tac brand chalkboard . the chalkseries comes with 5 pieces of chalk . does the con-tact brand provide chalk ? they both have the same measurements and con-tact is a well known name so if you can get it cheaper , i say go for it ! i hope this helps .
yes , it 'll stick to wood surfaces as long as the surface is relatively smooth .
sure . the brother provides the software for both pc and mac osx . i used it for both os . the cd comes with the scanner has it . also , you could download it from brother .
i 'm going to say yes , but it may depend on the software . i use nuance paperport and it does .
the scanner has a slot in the back for inserting a usb flash drive .
yes
it has to be plugged into an outlet .
i am using it solely with the usb connection . i 've it it about two weeks and have used it moderately with no issues .
it varies as scanning does not play a major role in our operation , but somewhere in the neighborhood of 1500 month . the two-sided feature is particularly usefull .
yes , and front and back at the same time .
it 's an error in the description . it 's only a scanner .
yes it 's ios mac compatible and pc as well
yes this allows you to scan multiple pages into one pdf document . you do have to feed each page individually , but it goes pretty quickly .
yes
i use it to scan receipts . full page items work best . but the receipts that are 3.5 inch wide work as well you just have to set it up . i use acrobat with a custom page width and the crop it for receipt length .
this scanner comes with a quick utility dsmobile and a restricted version of paperport . both can scan to pdf files that will open with adobe acrobat and adobe acrobat reader .
yes it does
maybe not directly . it is powered and transfers data by usb cable.so it would require the computer connection first .
yes . i hooked up mine to a mac .
yes , it has been working perfectly on my windows 8 computer .
yes .
passport does not fit in slot , too thick . other than that , it as good little copier . fairly fast and easy to use . very happy with it .
due to my business travel , i use the scanner on three different computers ( macs ) and have never encountered any licensing issues nor has it asked me to register the software . just download the scanner driver from the internet website or use the cd that comes in the box and you 're ready to go . i use it for scanning documents and my expense receipts and it works perfectly .
does not print directly , except when making copies , then prints thru computer . all prints must be done thru a computer as is normal with scanners .
thankfully no . it plugs directly into the usb port and runs as long as you need it to . it 's a great buy , travels well , and works with all my gadgets .
yes
the zipper is on the bottom corner seam .
yes , it helps a lot . use it with curved side down where you can `` rock '' it with your feet .
yes , you can unzip the cover and on the tag inside , it says that you can hand wash it with a mild soap , and air dry .
i 'm thinking you can , but only if the chair reclines is whether you can find some use of it . it 's a pretty firm foot stool too . it does have the tendency to slide a bit unless your feet are applying pressure down on it . i guess maybe adding some non-slip tape on the bottom to prevent from sliding further may work . i have mine underneath my desk almost hitting the back of the wall and therefore it really has no place to go from there . hope this tip helped .
no , it 's foam .
yes , it is a dark blue ( not as light as it appears in this picture )
this cushion is about 18 '' wide , 12 '' deep , and 6.5 '' high ( measured from the flat side to the highest peak of the dome ) .
it 's fairly cushy and i personally think it would be a little too soft for that .
pretty firm with just enough softness to feel good . my feet do not sink down into it .
the only thing i can think of is check if it 's supposed to work with your operating system . mine loaded and worked like a breeze on vista .
yes it will work , we have tested it.thank you , play to win
it lasts a good 6 hours at least . source : i accidentally left it on overnight
the software does n't seem to be supported well and i was able to get it installed at my work 's windows 7. if you can find a windows 7 to install it on and if you program the sign from that machine , the led sign will retain those messages if you want to power it on elsewhere.the it side of me would suggest right clicking the install file and running as admin , running in compatibility mode or fiddling with other installation options .
product dimensions 4 x 1.3 x 0.2 inches
hello , yes i had the same issue but talked to their tech guy and resolved the problem . you need the 3.0.1.0 version of the ser2pl64.sys file which is located at : `` c : windows system32 drivers '' . my system does automatic updates and every once in awhile it replaces this file with a new one and then i have to go and replace it again to get it to run correctly . you may have to reboot after you replace the file just make sure that this file does not get replaced after you reboot . i hope this helps ! i too am a tech guy and therefore this was pretty easy for me . i hope it is for you too ! good luck ! al t. hello , yes i had the same issue but talked to their tech guy and resolved the problem . you need the 3.0.1.0 version of the ser2pl64.sys file which is located at : `` c : windows system32 drivers '' . my system does automatic updates and every once in awhile it replaces this file with a new one and then i have to go and replace it again to get it to run correctly . you may have to reboot after you replace the file just make sure that this file does not get replaced after you reboot . i hope this helps ! i too am a tech guy and therefore this was pretty easy for me . i hope it is for you too ... » read more hello , yes i had the same issue but talked to their tech guy and resolved the problem . you need the 3.0.1.0 version of the ser2pl64.sys file which is located at : `` c : windows system32 drivers '' . my system does automatic updates and every once in awhile it replaces this file with a new one and then i have to go and replace it again to get it to run correctly . you may have to reboot after you replace the file just make sure that this file does not get replaced after you reboot . i hope this helps ! i too am a tech guy and therefore this was pretty easy for me . i hope it is for you too ! good luck ! al t. « show less
dear sir : none of my 4 laptops have the ability to accept the small cd 's . i had to use one of my desktop units . other than that , it was easy to program , and got a lot of notice at business meetings . good luck , have fun . g
messed up my printer , would not buy again . stick to epson brand !
it did not work with my xp-410
not that i 've been able to find for mine .
not sure but certainly wont work if you have updated your printer 's firmware . i had to return the cartridges as i had updated mine and the printer did n't recognize the cartridges .
yes this ink work just fine with the printer it had one thing from printer just override it and it prints just fine no problems it asks when you are first put in ink
no
yes
all of the cartridges should fit correctly . if it is n't for some reason , then i would try removing the cartridge . try putting it back in . be sure to apply gentle pressure to the upper part of the cartridge . you should hear a slight click if it goes in correctly . otherwise , there is a possibility that you do n't have the proper size or that the cartridge is defective . if you think it 's defective , i would contact the seller about a possible replacement .
from what i can tell on the information about your printer , yes , it should work . you normally use the 200 xl , right ? so these should work for you . i normally use the 200 , and the 200 xl worked on my printer . just remember that when you replace the cartridge , your printer will probably give you an error message asking if you are sure you want to use the cartridge because they are not genuine epson . if you just keep answering `` yes '' or `` continue '' it will eventually allow you to use the cartridges . in case you have any problems , though , the ink comes with a note from the company with a phone number to call if you do experience problems . you would just need your order number . it 's worth a shot to try these ; i know some others have expressed problems , but i have not had any problems at all and these are sooooo much cheaper ! from what i can tell on the information about your printer , yes , it should work . you normally use the 200 xl , right ? so these should work for you . i normally use the 200 , and the 200 xl worked on my printer . just remember that when you replace the cartridge , your printer will probably give you an error message asking if you are sure you want to use the cartridge because they are not genuine epson . if you just keep answering `` yes '' or `` continue '' it will eventually allow you to use the cartridges . in case you have any problems , though , the ink comes with a note from the ... » read more from what i can tell on the information about your printer , yes , it should work . you normally use the 200 xl , right ? so these should work for you . i normally use the 200 , and the 200 xl worked on my printer . just remember that when you replace the cartridge , your printer will probably give you an error message asking if you are sure you want to use the cartridge because they are not genuine epson . if you just keep answering `` yes '' or `` continue '' it will eventually allow you to use the cartridges . in case you have any problems , though , the ink comes with a note from the company with a phone number to call if you do experience problems . you would just need your order number . it 's worth a shot to try these ; i know some others have expressed problems , but i have not had any problems at all and these are sooooo much cheaper ! « show less
it did not work with mine . ruined printer instead ...
70
this product sucks ! i bought this product and my printer showed that it was no cartridge installed . i wasted my money trying to cut corners and wo n't be doing this again .
patrick , my car computer gave me the option to `` keep printing anyway '' and now it works fine .
i have it in my epson 400xl . it worked great after my daughter went through the set-up process on my printer . you have to let the printer know it is to be accepted .
yes . i used it in my epson wireless printer . no problems at all . totally compatible
no . i ordered them because it appeared they would would work from the info . they will not . you need 220 cartridges only available from epson .
the holders can be moved sideways in either direction ( left or right ) to turn pages . but they can also be pulled toward you to move pages . you have a choice . i have no trouble moving my holders either way .
holds tall books quite well . especially when you put the stand more flat . gravity will help hold the pages in place allowing for easy page flip . ideal for cook books in the kitchen .
holds paper back books great . does n't hold up individual pieces of paper up that great unless you put something behind it like a clipboard or book
yes , the clips that hold the pages is very well position , allowing you to grab and turn the page and replace to hold the next page in place . great product , i have search stores and this is the best item i found .
i did not purchase it to be a newspaper stand , but a bible stand for my desk . it can be adjusted to several different levels , use it for whatever suits your purpose . i am very pleased with it !
the shelf is eleven and one-half inches wide , but it accommodates large books that overhang the edges by as much as three or four inches on each side . the adjustable support has a spring-loaded base plate and a bracket which swings out to fit into the notched base plate . these two items are made from molded plastic which does not seem at all flimsy . the base plate has 15 steps ( notches ) for different viewing angles . it is a simple matter to move the bracket to a different notch while reading . i have done it one-handed , but usually i hold the top of the book with one hand and move the bracket with the other . the shelf is eleven and one-half inches wide , but it accommodates large books that overhang the edges by as much as three or four inches on each side . the adjustable support has a spring-loaded base plate and a bracket which swings out to fit into the notched base plate . these two items are made from molded plastic which does not seem at all flimsy . the base plate has 15 steps ( notches ) for different viewing angles . it is a simple matter to move the bracket to a different notch while reading . i have done it one-handed , but usually i hold the top of the book with one hand and move the ... » read more the shelf is eleven and one-half inches wide , but it accommodates large books that overhang the edges by as much as three or four inches on each side . the adjustable support has a spring-loaded base plate and a bracket which swings out to fit into the notched base plate . these two items are made from molded plastic which does not seem at all flimsy . the base plate has 15 steps ( notches ) for different viewing angles . it is a simple matter to move the bracket to a different notch while reading . i have done it one-handed , but usually i hold the top of the book with one hand and move the bracket with the other . « show less
the stand has 16 slots to angle , from flat to 90 degrees .
depends on the thickness of the book . it can just about manage my 400 page language instruction book , but those fat 1000 books will probably be too large and too heavy for this .
i returned the epson scanner because it was n't wireless i purchased the fujitsu scansnap ix500 it is wireless and so far perfect
yes . we scanned a number of photo 's for my father-in-law 's memorial , both old and new and it did a great job . very fast and efficient in handing the scan and the file save .
yes . it scan envelopes as well . the paper tray holder has adjustable sides that you just push together to hold whatever size card or paper you want to scan .
using the software that comes with the scanner , you can go into the file save settings and under image format select if you want .jpg , .pdf , .tif , or .bmp file.in other words , yes , you can save your files as such : )
as per epson , it is compatible with mac os® 10.8.x , 10.7.x , 10.6.x , 10.5.x.thanks , pcrush
i just scanned a one-page document and the image saved at 300 dpi was 49kb .
it can definitely handle scanning multiple pages into a single document . i believe it can scan multiple pages and place each one into a different document , but i have not yet had the need for that . ** i will amend my answer to say that it can scan multiple pages into one document as long as you select a target that supports multiple pages : pdf or tiff , not png or jpg.i checked the software configuration , and there are two options for pdfs and tiffs : `` create a file with all pages '' or `` select number to make file '' - the second one requires specifying a number . based on my reading it looks like the number is the number of pages it will bundle together to create a new document . by default , this is `` 1 '' -- so each page becomes its own document . it can definitely handle scanning multiple pages into a single document . i believe it can scan multiple pages and place each one into a different document , but i have not yet had the need for that . ** i will amend my answer to say that it can scan multiple pages into one document as long as you select a target that supports multiple pages : pdf or tiff , not png or jpg.i checked the software configuration , and there are two options for pdfs and tiffs : `` create a file with all pages '' or `` select number to make file '' - the second one requires ... » read more it can definitely handle scanning multiple pages into a single document . i believe it can scan multiple pages and place each one into a different document , but i have not yet had the need for that . ** i will amend my answer to say that it can scan multiple pages into one document as long as you select a target that supports multiple pages : pdf or tiff , not png or jpg.i checked the software configuration , and there are two options for pdfs and tiffs : `` create a file with all pages '' or `` select number to make file '' - the second one requires specifying a number . based on my reading it looks like the number is the number of pages it will bundle together to create a new document . by default , this is `` 1 '' -- so each page becomes its own document . « show less
legal , it does not do 11x17 , it is only 8.5 inches wide
yes . i 've done this with 5x7 and 8x10 . awesome tool , the epson ds-510 .
not long and cartridges seem linked we have had to replace cartridges and then had problems getting them to work . had to clean and align 4 times to get them to work .
hit ok on copy . new window opens . go down to copies . hit ok. then up or down to number of copies .
get an epson printer . hp printers are horrible and a waste of $ $ $ . hp = high maintaince printer
yes . the driver can be downloaded from hp 's support website .
no , you can connect it to your computer as well if you prefer to use it that way .
just over 32 inches
the stand is supposed to fit all tv 's up to i think 50 '' . it does not have a universal mount and it can not be modified to fit some tv 's . i had to send it back because it would not fit my 46 '' samsung tv .
no , not with the bracket that comes with it . but it looks like you could buy a tilting bracket and replace the pieces that attach to the tv and it would give you tilt capability
yes the shelf is removable but there is three levels that you can raise and lower to . its lowest hight varies on tv .
hello suzanne , our vivo tv cart can hold up to a 60 '' screen and up to vesa 500mmx400mm . the max load capacity is 90 lbs . thank you for your question.taylor w.vivo
yes , it does . we have been very pleased with this stand .
do n't know . i have a 40 inch tv and very stable . i would go to the manufactures website and ask . they are very prompt and helpful . i 've asked them questions before .
yes
yes , it will accommodate both sizes .
i have two boxes on mine but not near 32lbs . that seems a bit heavy .
yes
the following laser toner cartridges are used : hp 130a black laserjet toner cartridge ( ~1300 yield ) cf350a ; hp 130a cyan laserjet toner cartridge ( ~1000 yield ) cf351a ; hp 130a yellow laserjet toner cartridge ( ~1000 yield ) cf352a ; hp 130a magenta laserjet toner cartridge ( ~1000 yield ) cf353a ; hp 126a laserjet imaging drum ce314a
ok , it does have bluetooth but i dont know about faxing . for my computers to pick it up , i had to directly hook it up to my router and then mywireless items was able to use it . it does have the ability to fax , but i have not set it up as a fax machine . it copys , prints and scans and i absolutelylove this printer . hope this helps .
it comes loaded with all 4 colors . you will need to buy your spares.i love this printer , just so you know .
yes
it is a 120v device .
i am very happy with hpm177fw for my needs . tho it will not scan legal size docs .
really well . i 'm totally pleased with this printer .
by default , the printer warms up and goes into `` normal '' print quality mode , not `` best '' ( what you want ) or `` fast '' ( poor draft quality ) . it does this for many reasons , primarily to save ink since most people print typical documents containing mostly text , not graphics . you can always change the printer 's quality from normal to best by going to : devices & printers - > brother mfc-j6520dw - > adjust print options . if you mostly print images that require hi-resolution ( lots of ink ) , you can set `` best '' quality as your default .
no . you have to scan one side and then the other . it 's easy to use the software to combine them into one document , though .
besides regular paper , i have only used photo paper which it handles well - although any special paper must be fed a single page at a time from the rear .
yes , it actually scans that size , perfect for posters !
yes . i have used the scanner and sent the scanned doc to another printer when i was out of ink .
yes , this printer accepts wireless , ethernet and usb connections . ethernet performs best . note that no usb cable is provided .
you can not print further . i 've tried to print just black but the printer will not allow the setup just black and white . beware of using aftermarket ink cartridge as the printer is picky . if you must use aftermarket brand to save money , use ld brand ( ldproducts ( dot ) com ) .
yes
yes , it did
yes that 's what i have .
if i remember correctly , i believe this cartridge had a removable frame on it to help protect the exposed green fuser roll during shipping . you would need to remove this before inserting the cartridge . if you tried inserting it with the frame on , you may have left that in the machine , making putting a cartridge in place impossible .
1500
hello , yes , the ink and the lead can be replaced.thanks
hello , we do apologize , we are not too sure . the information we received from papermate just states that this works for pdas . we do know that this is not compatible with any iphones or ipads . however , we were not too sure if it is compatible with windows . we do apologize . if you need anything else , please let us know.thank you , maria
they are 3 in 1. you only see the black dot , but if you turn the shaft , there is a symbol for the stylus and the mechanical pencil .
yes . in fact i buy pentel pens and cut them to fit the pen . it is difficult to find the red refills for this pen a day they 're expensive . it 's cheaper to buy the pens and cut to size .
18.5 inches
inside the drawers there is a lip that the folders hang on ... ... i like mine especially the color
it 's very durable , it 's just like the cabinets in an office ... .i love that it has wheels and the hardware is good also ... for the price you ca n't get any better
it 's not a pure white , but i 'd say it 's closer to white than cream .
no but if they extended fully it would tip over . it 's best not to fill completely i guess .
26.5 '' h x 14.25 '' w x 18 '' d , 20 lbs .
2 feet 1 2 inch
you should be able to put a small printer on top . the wheels do not lock . it might be most stable without the wheels .
the drawers slide on what appears to be nylon blocks but the loaded drawers slide very easily .
the handles can be changed out if the mounting holes of the new handles match those of the handles that come with the file cabinet .
yes
no
yes the middle and top drawers . they could easily be pulled open once it is locked however , intensely thin metal will do that you know .
i would say more of a pure white .
sheet metal , steel
white or black at this price .
there is enough a room .
it 's 18 wide and 14 deep and 7 1 2 '' high .
i use the 277xl epson ink cartridge
it uses 110 voltage .
you can connect directly to computer with usb . but going wi -fi is better . you can print from smart phone or tablet if you use wi - fi .
no only scans 8 1 2 x 11 & 8 1 2 x 14 .
yes
supported sizes for photo printing are : 4 '' x 6 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 8 '' x 10 '' , and 8.5 '' x 11 '' , at 16:9 wide.thanks , pcrush
no , but they are cheap enough . mine would n't work wireless but i had a few usb cables in my junk box .
yes , it comes with black and colored ink .
my experience is when it runs out completely of any ink color it stops working but not before if black has not yet run out the printer will , sometimes , ask you if you want to print in just black . if it says low , be sure to have more ready of the same color . otherwise this is an excellent small printer .
yes just tear up and away from machine . i bought this machine for my shipping company , i make hundreds of labels a day . i have had no problem with it catching or misprinting . it is an excellent printer
this one does not .
there are thousands of stock sizes that work with this printer . to help you - you want direct thermal labels , ( not thermal transfer ) , and 1 '' core . that is all that will work with this printer . the width is listed first and then the length . so a 2 x 1 label is 2 '' wide and 1 '' length . let me know what size you are looking for and i can recommend a asin if you need further help.bob
it looks like it does . i just did n't set it up that way .
yes - works with standard stamps.com continuous labels
it includes zebra designer which allow you to create label barcodes of different size and you can save the templates and retrieve them later .
yes . it is included .
yes , it does do increments . for example 10.6 ounces . anything less then 1oz is 1oz . i have n't put anything heavier then 50lbs on it so im not 100 % sure it will go to what its rated , but i got ta think it would .
when i purchased this scale it was already pre-calibrated . i just used it right away and have never had a problem with it being inaccurate !
yes !
aa 's .
the scale has a setting that will save the weight after you remove it - so you can weight the box and then view the weight after you take it off the scale .
if you keep getting this error message consistently , there may be a problem with the chips for each cartridge . if you are only getting this on one cartridge , try removing and re-installing the cartridge . be sure that you push hard enough so that the cartridge is fully seated in the cartridge slot . look at the release mechanism for the cartridge and be sure that the release is in the full up position . you should hear a distinct click when the cartridge is fully seated and locked in place . let me know what happens after you do this . i hope this will resolve your problem . i have had this happen with my epson pinter from time to time . i just remove and reinsert all cartridges one at a time and make sure each cartridge is fully seated and locked into place . i have had the error message clear after this removal reinsertion process . if you keep getting this error message consistently , there may be a problem with the chips for each cartridge . if you are only getting this on one cartridge , try removing and re-installing the cartridge . be sure that you push hard enough so that the cartridge is fully seated in the cartridge slot . look at the release mechanism for the cartridge and be sure that the release is in the full up position . you should hear a distinct click when the cartridge is fully seated and locked in place . let me know what happens after you do this . i hope this will resolve your problem . i have had this ... » read more if you keep getting this error message consistently , there may be a problem with the chips for each cartridge . if you are only getting this on one cartridge , try removing and re-installing the cartridge . be sure that you push hard enough so that the cartridge is fully seated in the cartridge slot . look at the release mechanism for the cartridge and be sure that the release is in the full up position . you should hear a distinct click when the cartridge is fully seated and locked in place . let me know what happens after you do this . i hope this will resolve your problem . i have had this happen with my epson pinter from time to time . i just remove and reinsert all cartridges one at a time and make sure each cartridge is fully seated and locked into place . i have had the error message clear after this removal reinsertion process . « show less
no , you need lc 101 or lc 103. if you look in your basic user 's guide , page iii and you will find the compatible inks to use . also you can go to the brother printers website and most of your questions can be answered there . hope this helps as i do not have a j470dw but i did go to the website and looked it up for you . i have the j870dw and love it .
you go by the number on your cartridge . if it matches the number on the list for the refillables they will work . we love this product . the thing about printers is , if you do n't use them often the print head will dry up and when this happens you will being investing in a new printer . so this product makes printing much more affordable .
large size cartridges are named with `` lcxxx-long '' and so on . i hope this answer will solve your question .
yes ... i installed it in my mfc-j870dw and am using it now .
there are two hole covers . one for the vent ( bottom ) , the other for refilling ( top ) . the vent cover is only to be installed during shipping to prevent ink from leaking out . as soon as you received the cartridge and were getting ready to install it , remove the vent hole cover . from this point on , the vent cover does not need to be put back in . ( unless you are going to ship or store it ) .
the replacement toner cartridge is an sp 201la ( http : www.ricoh-usa.com products product_details.aspx ? cid=2 &scid; =2 &pid; =2620 &ptm; =accessories # pdtfeatures )
it has not done so in any of my scans . in the flatbed scan you can preview and adjust the portion of the document you wish to scan . i do not know if the adf has a preview option which may allow adjustment of the scanned area , hope this helps .
no its not ... it has to be connected with an ethernet cable
1500 on initial or smaller . you can buy 3000 yield cartridge but beware you can only buy toner online . no stores anywhere carry ricoh toner .
no
i did get the printer to work for windows 8.1 x64 . had to use a third party software for the scanner .
no
pretty sure that the description say windows only ... .
you get the whole thing , but you need your own handle device to fit this into .
i had to order a new handle . but the credited the embosser pirchase
yes we can . once you place an order you can send attach file w your message .we send send out email out w in 24 hours . i hope this helps .
maybe ... ... .i ended up buying a different embosser
you need handle .
there is a piece of plastic ribbon on top , labeled `` pull '' . this should be the only thing you need to remove before inserting the cartridge .
that surely depends on how much or how little you 're printing , the quality settings you use , types of documents images you are printing , etc . my experience has been that it is no more or less than the cartridges supplied by the manufacturer .
yes , i did . just make note , it should look like the one you took out . no end cap nor plastic tape
i was confused about what plastic to rip off or if i was just to shove them in . i had to push the cartridge in pretty firmly . do n't rip off the clear plastic first . i have already used mine so i ca n't look at one to remember what it looked like before i put them in the printer . but i remember wondering if i was to rip off the small round piece of plastic on the side that goes into the printer . my advice is to put it in the slot and give it a firm push . the little black lever on the top should pop up when the cartridge is seated . this is assuming you have the same printer and cartridges i do . i 'm sorry i ca n't be of more help . hope they work for you . i was confused about what plastic to rip off or if i was just to shove them in . i had to push the cartridge in pretty firmly . do n't rip off the clear plastic first . i have already used mine so i ca n't look at one to remember what it looked like before i put them in the printer . but i remember wondering if i was to rip off the small round piece of plastic on the side that goes into the printer . my advice is to put it in the slot and give it a firm push . the little black lever on the top should pop up when the cartridge is seated . this is assuming you have the same printer and cartridges i ... » read more i was confused about what plastic to rip off or if i was just to shove them in . i had to push the cartridge in pretty firmly . do n't rip off the clear plastic first . i have already used mine so i ca n't look at one to remember what it looked like before i put them in the printer . but i remember wondering if i was to rip off the small round piece of plastic on the side that goes into the printer . my advice is to put it in the slot and give it a firm push . the little black lever on the top should pop up when the cartridge is seated . this is assuming you have the same printer and cartridges i do . i 'm sorry i ca n't be of more help . hope they work for you . « show less
waste of money . i had the same problem and did write a review . problem is i did n't start using them until after the return period .
no , the cartridges are separate . for many inkjet printers there 's a cartridge for black and a cartridge for color . for others ( like this printer ) , there 's a cartridge for black and separate cartridges for different colors .
only use the genuine brother ink cartridges ! the replacement is garbage !
i 'm not sure jermaine says to hold down button , what buttonkristal
no sorry
unknown ... mine mx450 series .
i have a pizza mg3122 and it works great on it . check to see if they take 240 & 241 the xl just means more ink than the standard 240. also , the low ink lights blink on mine and the status on screen says ink low but it still prints .
the sensor is n't reading the cartridge . push your stop or reset button and hold it for 5 seconds .
hi marina , unfortunately it ca n't be shipped to brazil and we do n't have a distributor there currently . we will let you know if we setup a distributor there ! thanks .
the box said you could keep them for up to a year . i 've planted 3 so far and all have been growing fine .
sorry i never have a chance to plant it ... i bought it as a gift . but it smells really good : )
there are eight in each package .
i know that they are made with sustainably grown cedar . they are lovely pencils . i use them , give them as gifts and plant them . quite a clever and innovative idea .
this is an educated guess , since they are n't labeled , but i think they probably are . they write nicely -- not too hard , not `` waxy '' like some cheap pencils , and will make pretty dark marks with pressure . hope that helps .
8 pencils !
you can connect to the 2540 with your wireless device . other than that , i do n't know of a difference . here 's a pdf brochure that shows them both : www.bmstech.com.au brochures hp deskjet1510.pdf
my walmart has it but ink is not included . also ebay has but no ink .
yes . every printer i have seen comes with ink . it does not last as long as the standard size , but you get quite a few copies . it does not come with a usb cord so you will need that .
yes it works with my macbook air
the printer has a slooping front , so the actual space needed is 15.75 inches wide and7.5 inches deep . front opens for printed pages to slide out and the height is 10 incheswith paper feed open . the unit prints well and fairly quiet . hope it helps ...
as long as it 's light . the paper shredder oil is n't that expensive and is just a very light oil , like air tool or gun oil .
it is powered with electricity .
there is a small tab formed into the inside of the waste bin that engages a safety . it probably broke off when you removed or replaced the shredder from to the basket . mine did . perhaps the seller will send you a new basket ?
it is fairly thick , has rounded corners and is fairly durable . not sure it would be easy to 'trim '
it arrives completely flat , so you do n't have to deal with that awful unrolling and unpleasant smell . it 's not hard , really , but i do n't think you could roll it up if you tried . i really like it .
somewhat rounded ... it 's not sharp for sure .
it is rectangular ... .best mat i 've ever had ... still no cracks or breaks !
opaque but you can still see the carpet
yes
this mat is for a carpet area , not hardwood floors . it has feet on the bottom to grip the carpet .
yes
approx . 3 16 '' plus there are little nubs that extend down another 1 8 '' so the mat does not slide on the carpet .
i purchased 3 for gifts , and regrettably had to return two . i suggest you return it to the company you purchased it from . i was extremely disappointed in this product .
i do not see how because there is no usb plug in .
it is easy to edit all saved info in the vault . i do not think there is an apostrophe or a comma on the keyboard . this has not been a problem for me . the product is quite easy to use .
go to www.hammacker.com and contact them . this is where , thru amazon , i purchased mine . they may be able to get you or tell you where you might get a new one .
if you purchased it from amazon directly it can easily be returned if defective . they are great about returns
thank you for your inquiry . this item contains an internal memory that will store your information , even if the batteries die . if you need further assistance , please let me know . thank you .
it works well . in the view section , just type in the first letter and it will show all with that letter . it is case sensitive .
yes , the unit has a key at the right bottom of the keyboard that turns the light on and off .
grasp the bottom1 3 of the pen . hold top 2 3. you will need strong fingers to unscrew into 2 parts . luckily the bottom 1 3 is rubberized for a good grip . don ' t like them for doing crosswords -- going back to my old standard -- paper mate erasermate . i threw my refills away so i would n't be tempted .
yes
i live in north carolina . it was 97 degrees today . my pen worked well . i think it would be a mistake to overheat it , but i have n't noticed any problem with heat .
i have n't used them on fabric . my sons have gotten the ink on their clothes and it has washed out , but not sure if ironing would set it . they are n't made for that use , so i 'd test on scrap fabric first .
no . when it gets wet , it disappears ...
i only use mac and it worked well although i had to go online to get the driver for osx mavericks .
i 've never had a problem with it taking either one .
no , and i think this is one of the great things about this printer . on their website somewhere it talks about how other companies make their money by marking up ink cartridges to ridiculous levels , and that brother refuses to do so . i thought that was just hype . but i just ordered new cartridges last night actually , after using the ink that came with the printer for half a year . i got six cartridges on amazon for 27 bucks total . my previous printers , that might not even cover one cartridge . so the answer is , no , it does not go through lots of ink , and no , it is not expensive !
erika , this model doe not have fax link , but when i was looking at the printers they did have one with the fax also that was the same as this one only with a fax feature
according to the brother site , 100 sheets of paper .
yes 4 different ones
i bought it for my son so he is the one using it . when he types in the next room , with door closed , i can hear it pretty loudly . i used to own an ibm electric typewriter in the past - that one was quiet . since this typewriter is completely mechanical , no electric parts at all , the noise level might be normal for this design type . my son loves using this typewriter though and we 're happy with the purchase .
thank you for your recent order . the carriage should move as you type . this item may be defective . please contact our customer service at 1.866.553.8875. we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience .
it does not take cartridges . it requires standard typewriter ribbon on spools .
basket shift
i was able to push down on the black plastic tab for the margins and move them left or right . i did find that you had to push several times , trying to push a little left or a little right , in order to get the tabs to move where i wanted them to be . annoying , but i was able to get them to move and lock into place .
this typewriter is compatible with oli 1525 and oli 1656 black or black red nylon typewriter ribbons .
no . it is a classic portable , manual typewriter . those features were more typically available on electric models.i recommend this model for the freedom-from correction & auto correction ... it allows you to finish your thought before correcting . i write my thoughts , then scan it to an ocr translator for revision on a computer .
to the best of my knowledge that is not possible on this model unless the manufacturer is willing to rearrange the keyboard . there appears to be no means by which the user can change the key sequence .
in response to your request , please know that the size of the cabinet is legal sized -- sheldon amazon
no , but it was fairly easy to assemble . we had no problems .
no !
yes you do very easy step by step instructions . the only thing i would recommend is get a small bottle of glue for the wood dowles . the bottle they send is just a bit to small i needed 4 more drops.of glue
yes , they do have bottoms , and sides . you can place the included tracks in the drawer for either legal or letter hanging files . very nice cabinet !
i have about 30 files in each drawer and they are not crowded . there is still plenty of room to see what is in each folder without pulling it out of the drawer . this has been a great file cabinet for me .
yes , it is .
it is not a vault but it slow someone down and keep the honest people honest
yes , if there are a few small pieces i generally place all of them together , laminate and then cut themto the shapes . else you can cut to your preferred size ans is done well .
the pack i received are non rounded .
no , you do not need to use a cover sheet with this laminator
yes
i use the purple cow laminator i bought at costco for $ 19.99 . it is a great little machine and the pooches are perfect !
i have s scotch thermal laminator . i googled the swingline gbc laminator to see what it looked like . it seems to be very similar to mine . these sheets are the same size as all the other laminating sheets i 've bought . if you 're able to adjust the temp so it 's on 5 mil if think they 'd work fine .
no , they meet at the top edge , i do not recommend them compared to swingline , we ended up not using them as the laminated paper curls and the finish is not as clear as the swingline .
all three positions use vesa mounts , so no screw holes will not work .
this product will support your 24 inch monitors . i have two set up beside each other and one above . you could probably fit bigger screens depending on the angle you want the bottom two to each other
mine did not have a c-mount .
yes sir ! that 's exactly what i did . the directions show putting on the 2 mount arms first . just switch them and slide the one monitor mount before the two .
yes
sure . i 've got 3 22s on mine . 22s are about the limit on the bottom 2 positions .
no , it 's not really designed to move after you have set up the 3 monitors . you can tilt them up toward you a little , but that would be the extent , but even that is n't very good if you intend to stand .
i had the product code tag from office max and when i looked at amazon , it was the same chair . i was looking to buy one locally for my son at college but there was no local office max . found it on amazon , same chair , less expensive , no tax and delivered .
yes , there is a small manual with assembly and operation instructions
from what i recall , i believe it comes with everything you need . it assembles quite easily
i 'd say that mine is about the same . most `` regular '' chairs break on that mechanism for big guys . so it would n't surprise me if this was limited because this portion needs to be strengthened in the big & tall chairs .
350 #
this chair does not lean back , it only has a tension tilt . you can only tilt back a few degrees .
mine came with simpe instructions and even had an allen wrench included . i remember the arms were labeled l for left and r for right . i had never assembled anything like that before and was able to do it with the instructions . like previous responder , it 's been over a year and that 's all i remember about the assembly .
yes
it 's not a stark white , it 's more of a creamy white . it 's a great chair and i 'm very pleased with it . despite the great price , it 's quite substantial and comfortable . hope this helped !
no . it supports the back rest
fairly low , but the chaiir was a gift to my daughter and i ca n't measure it .
26 1 4 inches
we 've had our two for a few years with no issues . i love them .
probably a bit more than 250lbs
the chair rocks . it is not a stiff upright chair . i can rock back if i choose but it does not recline . the ability to rock back alleviates the pressure on the back always being in one stiff position .
actually i have kept my covered since i bought so unfortunately i do n't know .
no
i do n't believe so
yes , just looked at it and it does .
this is a good phone with two lines that work very well and it can connect to your bluetooth cell phones too
no it is not
this an extension to a base unit . it will not replace a base unit . this unit is useless without a base .
it is easy to program , you do need the manual as the programing may also include codes . but works great . pairing for blue tooth a breeze .
yes to both question . the process is : ( to `` scroll '' use the `` ^ '' and `` v '' main-button options ) push `` menu '' softkey option - > scroll to `` initial settings '' and then `` select '' it via the softkey -- > scroll to `` ringer settings and `` select '' it -- > scroll to `` ringer volume '' and `` select '' it -- > scroll to highlight the line you wish to adjust -- - > scroll to adjust the volume then select `` save '' . though i have not exercised most of the features there appears to be much flexibility in additional related ringer customizing ... like different ringer tones for individuals or even groupings of callers you have loaded into your directory . good luck . yes to both question . the process is : ( to `` scroll '' use the `` ^ '' and `` v '' main-button options ) push `` menu '' softkey option - > scroll to `` initial settings '' and then `` select '' it via the softkey -- > scroll to `` ringer settings and `` select '' it -- > scroll to `` ringer volume '' and `` select '' it -- > scroll to highlight the line you wish to adjust -- - > scroll to adjust the volume then select `` save '' . though i have not exercised most of the features there appears to be much flexibility in ... » read more yes to both question . the process is : ( to `` scroll '' use the `` ^ '' and `` v '' main-button options ) push `` menu '' softkey option - > scroll to `` initial settings '' and then `` select '' it via the softkey -- > scroll to `` ringer settings and `` select '' it -- > scroll to `` ringer volume '' and `` select '' it -- > scroll to highlight the line you wish to adjust -- - > scroll to adjust the volume then select `` save '' . though i have not exercised most of the features there appears to be much flexibility in additional related ringer customizing ... like different ringer tones for individuals or even groupings of callers you have loaded into your directory . good luck . « show less
yes !
it is 24 x 7 x 3 inch .
there is no power , just usb .
yes that the dimension !
no
i plug mine into the computer and hook up my other stuff
yes ! we have 17 inch keyboard and it 's still roomy ! i really recommend this item . it saved us a lot of space on the desk .
i have an ipad 3 which measures 9 1 2 inches from end to end horizontally . the slot on the desk is 10 inches long so it can hold a slightly bigger tablet ( 1 2 inch bigger then ipad3 ) .
no ! the slot is 10 inches .
yes , i used it all summer and it was fine . and much cooler than it would with my laptop directly on my lap .
19 in . x 14 1 2 in .
i do n't have an ipad air but the slot is 10 and 1 8 inches long . the slot is 5 8 `` wide . so hope this helps .
i use it for a 13 '' x 9 '' macbook pro , which fits easily . when i try to put a normal mouse pad along side it sticks over the right edge . but i manage to make it work ok .
i just felt it and it 's tiny microbeads . but it 's soft like what you would find in a beanbag . i 've been using my desk for 2 months now and really like it . holds an ipad or my 13 '' laptop . the wrist pads keep it from sliding off . it 's comfortable in bed .
you can remove the lapcushion on the bottom . it is attached by velcro . the wrist rests on top do not come off .
it 's 19 '' x 15 '' . the 15 '' is measured from the longest width .
the top is a very hard plastic .
the widest part is 17 inches across by 12 inches
this lap desk seemed to small for me , i have the same setup and 3 lap desks , i would recommend the sofia + sam ergonomic lap desk for your set up , its not much bigger but just enough . the advantage to the lap gear lap desk here is that the pillow is much thinner and the desk is lighter and could be packed for travel a little easier , and not to mention the elastic bands are fairly handy .
yes .
it is a smooth hard plastic that would be great for writing
it can scan both color and black and white documents and photos .
yes it does .
the scanner face is flat glass but the lid will raise for something as thick as an inch . you can always scan with the lid raised . cut a piece of paper to fill in around the object in minimize black background .
i think you may be referring to the dell printer manager . it may be one of the icons in the toolbar . or , search your computer for dell printer manager then put a shortcut on the desktop .
yes and no . it will work with google cloud print , so once setup properly you can use google cloud print to print from your chromebook to this device . once configured this will support google cloud print via the printer itself , however we did need to initially connect it to a full pc to get it running first .
yes it does . it 's a great unit for personal use .
i do n't remember seeing a usb port on the printer itself but you since you can control the scanner through your laptop or desktop , you can select select your usb drive to store your scanned image .
you ca n't scan directly to a recipient . `` scan to '' refers to a particular place on a storage device attached to your computer or to a particular file type for a program . you can scan an image to your pc and then upload it via email .
paper will not go straight by itself . we have to guide its movement . otherwise paper will get jammed easily .
yes i am using the above scanner software with windows 8.1
it'l do whatever you want it to do . just be sure to load all the apps you need , if you do n't have the disc .
while pages scan individually , it is fairly simple to highlight all scanned pages in a document and then press enter the stack instruction . one great point -- documents are automatically straightened , which i find to be a big time saver .
no , the roadwarrior3 only works in windows ... to my disappointment .
this printer will no longer print if it runs out of one ink . i have the printer and have experienced it .
http : en.wikipedia.org wiki airprint
yes , it 's a mfp . the c2665dnf can scan to email , to a usb thumb drive , to a network folder , ftp server , or to dell document hub , which enables sharing through various cloud-based platforms . you can fax either from the c2665dnf 's keypad or from your computer ( pc fax ) . the front panel includes an alphanumeric keypad as well as a 4.3-inch customizable touch screen . on top is a 50-sheet duplexing automatic document feeder ( adf ) , which lets you copy , scan , and fax multipage documents unattended . i found that the default times for fax receiving were not appropriate for my case - sharing the phone line with home phone . if you have the same situation you 'll want to increase the default fax times - the touchscreen or manual ( can download ) will show you how . it 's an excellent mfp . i highly recommend it ! yes , it 's a mfp . the c2665dnf can scan to email , to a usb thumb drive , to a network folder , ftp server , or to dell document hub , which enables sharing through various cloud-based platforms . you can fax either from the c2665dnf 's keypad or from your computer ( pc fax ) . the front panel includes an alphanumeric keypad as well as a 4.3-inch customizable touch screen . on top is a 50-sheet duplexing automatic document feeder ( adf ) , which lets you copy , scan , and fax multipage documents unattended . i found that the default times for fax receiving were not appropriate for my case - sharing the ... » read more yes , it 's a mfp . the c2665dnf can scan to email , to a usb thumb drive , to a network folder , ftp server , or to dell document hub , which enables sharing through various cloud-based platforms . you can fax either from the c2665dnf 's keypad or from your computer ( pc fax ) . the front panel includes an alphanumeric keypad as well as a 4.3-inch customizable touch screen . on top is a 50-sheet duplexing automatic document feeder ( adf ) , which lets you copy , scan , and fax multipage documents unattended . i found that the default times for fax receiving were not appropriate for my case - sharing the phone line with home phone . if you have the same situation you 'll want to increase the default fax times - the touchscreen or manual ( can download ) will show you how . it 's an excellent mfp . i highly recommend it ! « show less
i 've printed on card stock before and it works , but when i tried to use the duplexer on the copier and the printer the card stock jammed those up.you should be able to print single sided ( and manually flip ) on card stock , but if you require a lot of double-sided printing , this probably is n't up to the task .
no separate bypass output tray - so if the stock or envelopes are hard ( to hard to bend ) you will probably jam the unit.on a side note -- i have tried some pretty hard `` poster board '' paper with no problems .
great machine no envelope or printing issus but does jam when paper gets low and sensor gets dirty and has to be cleaned regularly as it gets older
yes love it got 2 one for home and one for office .
yes , it fits . thanks
i 'm sure it will work but i sent it back because there is no way to set the tablet on it so that it will stand up as shown in this picture . to be quite honest i ordered another one with a back stand and i have never used it . i became acquainted with the onscreen features and have never used an additional add on keyboard .
yup !
no , it holds wide shipping tape . my tape is 1.88 '' wide .
you ca n't you need to buy new one
it only works for the 3 '' core tape .
if you tighten everything very well i would say yes . i have mine tightened in one position right now and am using it as a small table cause do n't have a laptop at this time .
a small tv would be ok. i have a 17 inch laptop on mine .
2 1 4 in
approx . 18x20 . it is not at home . i have already taken it to my classroom
no , it is unstable to hold beverage . but works for laptop with track . no room for mouse or pad
you could use it to write on , but you would only have room to set your notebook on it . i use it to put my lessons on when i teach . it stands almost 3 ft high , also it is sturdy enough to set a projector on for projecting . you can use it also , for a computer stand as the knob keeps the face at the angle you want your laptop . if all you want is for a table to write on i think it would be more comfortable write at the kitchen table .
interesting question ... flat , the table top is at 23.5 inches high ( not the lowest level ) .at the greatest angle , it is 20.5 inches high at the bottom front side & 28.5 inches at the top back side.i work with it at 22.5 in the front and 26 inches in the back.does that help ?
yes . two of them have `` brakes '' in the form of a small lever that moves up or down .
no it wo n't . of course you can separate the top from the lower part , that 's all you can do .
there is an intercom between the handsets and base unit.see also vtech 's website for more info at , http : www.vtechphones.com products product_detail 2359
not that i know of . sorry !
it does have speed dial
no . it has no batteries to use for a backup . so if the power quits , so does the phone
only if you push a button would you be able to see the current time in the dark .
24 sheets of paper , 48 pages if you use front and back .
27 + half a line at the top and bottom of page and the grid spacing is 4.7mm x 4.7mm
field notes are the same width and thickness as a passport but about a half an inch taller so it would depend on the dimensions of your holder . if you really wanted it to fit a pair of scissors and some patients would guarantee a perfect fit .
no . if you want the weather waterproof model you 'll need the `` expedition '' edition .
the packaging and software states that it is windows 8 compatible ; i saw no difference in connecting the printer to my win 8 desktop . i made installs on win7 & and win xp computers also . the installation software will advise you whether or not updates and new firmware are available . it was a seamless process for me .
when you install the printer you will set it up based on the connection type , either usb or wifi or ethernet . you can set up the printer more then one way and just pick the printer when you need it .
epson 126 or 127 inkjet .
no , it can not , but you can try to clean it when it is inside , but you should be very very carefully .
long enough but not wide enough for 8.5 x 11 flat .
approx . 7 1 4 `` wide , 11 3 4 '' long , 3 '' high
no . it is a piece of crap to boot . the knocking mechanism broke and i broke into it in about 10 seconds . i do n't recomment it .
we have not had any problems like this ( although we open our case fairly often ... ) , but it probably would n't be a bad idea to throw in a couple of desiccant packets to absorb any moisture and protect your contents , just to be on the safe side .
i do n't think a cb radio would fit in here , but i 'm not sure about a flaregun .
you can leave it unlocked . you have to turn the key lock to actually lock it .
unfortunately we are unable to send out test samples . you can match the specifications with the measurements of your product . if needed you can purchase one and then if it fits go for more . if not then you can return it within the allotted days by amazon.con
dear potential buyer ; this is possible if you have access to mount the arm on the `` permanently fixed '' pole . the arm can only mount this if you have access to the top or bottom of the pole . it uses a quick release similar to a bike seat that allows for adjustable height . also , another thing to point out . the vesa bracket connecting the arm to the monitor is half plastic and metal . thankfully , metal vesa plates are sold everywhere and can be either replaced or reinforced . i hope this helps .
no , it does n't ! purchased this item and found out the hard way . contacted seller but no response whatsoever . have to return it .
you can adjust zooming as follows:1 ) power the unit.2 ) press the right arrow and the ok enter buttons simultaneously.3 ) at the `` setup option '' screen , press the left arrow button & the ok enter simultaneously.4 ) press the right arrow button twice to highlight `` winrange '' and press ok enter.5 ) press the right arrow button to zoom-out or the left arrow button to zoom-in.6 ) press ok enter button to finalize setting.7 ) press convert mode button to exit setup option .
yes judy , there is an plus or minus setting for brightness as well as color .
yes you can see the slide negative before you scan on the display built into the wolverine . this is the easiest to use scanner out there .
yes it is worth it , scan them using the wolverine device , then use photoshop to restore , if your not an expert in photoshop , then contact a professional restorer who will put the colors and grey scale back in for you . there are some good restorers here where i live , and you can send the scanned photo to them by email and they will return it back to you by photo download
once you get a rhythm going it only takes a few seconds per frame .
never used the jumbl , but this seems to take nice scans . i 'm using it with 40-50 year old slides and the resulting images look good ( assuming the source slide was well exposed focused ) . i do get a lot of dust on these scans , but that could be a result of the slides themselves . i have hundreds and am not cleaning each before scanning .
make sure you set it up properly ... what you select affects the scan shape area size .
yes you can - there are many utilities that can be used depending upon your computer and os . search for your specific requirements to `` reduce jpg resolution for xx '' where xx is apple or pc or windows or whatever . should be lots of free options available . keep the original resolution in case you want to print the picture and for archive purposes .
ok , here are the basic steps:1. scan negatives or slides into jpeg format files using the wolverine unit . these image files are stored on an sd or sdhc memory card which is inserted in the unit.2 . transfer jpeg files to your computer ( store in a folder of your choice ) using either a built-in sd sdhc memory card reader which your computer or laptop may have or using a separate card reader ( which you might need to purchase if you do n't have one and your computer does n't have a built-in reader ) .
yes it will ! that is what we purchased it for , we have 2 d40s
yes , the 55-300 vr will fit the d5300 .
i think so . if you go to http : www.dpreview.com news 2006 08 09 nikond80withpreview it tells toward the bottom that it should be . dpreview is a great site to answer questions about digital photography , cameras , lenses , and pretty much anything related.hope that helps.michelle
nikon 55-300mm vr lens works with all nikon cameras as well as d5200 .
this lens is brand new with 5-year nikon usa warranty
it is recognized as a usb device on win 7. the software ( magicscan ? ) never worked for me , so i scan to the included sd card and then copy over , that works ok. i would call the taotronics help line to confirm , they are quite responsive .
only by a usb cord plugged into your computor .
yes and you can use your favorite photo editing software too
that does not appear to be an option . you will need to merge the pdf documents together after you drop them to a pc .
it works very well with no distortion . you can scan in either direction , top to bottom , middle to outer or reverse with no problem . simply choose the direction where you will get the most coverage .
you will have to turn the paper over to scan the other side .
rechargable batteries will work , but number of scan will be less . rechargable batteries has 1.2 volts compare to 1.5volts nonrechargable batteries .
mine are brand new , not refurbished . i honestly do n't know if there 's a warranty . for the money , i think they 're a good buy . i 've had several months and no problems to report .
110
mine is white
yes , it works very good
it lists the incoming calls missed calls . it does n't list outgoing calls as far as i can tell .
yes it lights up . it does not state how many but i know it holds at least 15 calls .
the button that you push to play messages has an 'arrow ' on it that does light up when there is a message . basic but it does the job . i like these little phones
i bought this for my mom . she has the 5s and she says it works fine .
google : bluetooth lumina and the model number of your phone .
it wo n't hold a charge . i would not recomend this product
has one button control for answering ending calls ... volume control buttons on the side
it does not display the battery level .
i have a galaxy ... . but yes my music plays in it . my spotify and my music i have downloaded played and it sounds great ! i dance at work and no one knows what i am dancing too lol
is the phone on ring or vibrate ? mine only alerts me when it is on ring , but it does alert you for texts as well .
no
i never try using text with my bluetooth
i ca n't answer that . i will say that when we tried to put them into the printer , several leaked - and badly ! i purchased others last year which were not problematic and they seemed to last about as long as a regular hp cartridge . the vendor promised to replace the damaged items but has yet to follow through with their promise .
ah , yes , the contacts . yes , they would have to have them or there would be no way of connecting to the printer .
yes xl means that the cartridge holds more ink and that is what i always buy because i use a lot of ink ...
that is not a window ... ..not sure what it is.these things work great for me though.i have ordered 3 times and quality has been great .
i have an hp 7525. they did n't work because the 'chip ' was not right . hp wants customers to use their ink only . use your original cartridge and have it refilled . costco here does that . also , there are independent dealers who sell hp used cartridges that are refilled and work just fine . for these dealers take your printer into their store , buy their refills or have your own refilled , and make sure the printer works at the store . the first time i used houseoftoners they worked . the second time they did n't .
usually reserved for black . the 564xl will print more pages because it has more ink . i will typically purchase the xl if the printer has a larger slot that will hold the larger cartridge . hope this helps .
they have worked for my xp 410 so far . the 410 will give you an error message saying `` you have not installed genuine epson ink cartridges . the quality or reliability of non genuine ink can not be guaranteed and it may cause damage to your product not covered by epson 's warranty . information about ink levels may not be displayed , and use of non-genuine ink is recorded for possible use in service support . for optimum quality and reliability epson recommends using genuine epson ink . '' ( what else are they going to say ? ) then it will ask you if you want to continue using the non-genuine ink . i have been for a bit now came have n't noticed any problems with my printer , no noticeable difference in quality ( i usually only print basic text documents , mostly black and white , occasionally a little bit of color , so i can not speak to trying to print anything professional grade with it . ) in short , in my experience , yes , the cartridges will work with a xp 410 , but the warning may be worth noting depending on what you typically print . they have worked for my xp 410 so far . the 410 will give you an error message saying `` you have not installed genuine epson ink cartridges . the quality or reliability of non genuine ink can not be guaranteed and it may cause damage to your product not covered by epson 's warranty . information about ink levels may not be displayed , and use of non-genuine ink is recorded for possible use in service support . for optimum quality and reliability epson recommends using genuine epson ink . '' ( what else are they going to say ? ) then it will ask you if you want to continue using the non-genuine ... » read more they have worked for my xp 410 so far . the 410 will give you an error message saying `` you have not installed genuine epson ink cartridges . the quality or reliability of non genuine ink can not be guaranteed and it may cause damage to your product not covered by epson 's warranty . information about ink levels may not be displayed , and use of non-genuine ink is recorded for possible use in service support . for optimum quality and reliability epson recommends using genuine epson ink . '' ( what else are they going to say ? ) then it will ask you if you want to continue using the non-genuine ink . i have been for a bit now came have n't noticed any problems with my printer , no noticeable difference in quality ( i usually only print basic text documents , mostly black and white , occasionally a little bit of color , so i can not speak to trying to print anything professional grade with it . ) in short , in my experience , yes , the cartridges will work with a xp 410 , but the warning may be worth noting depending on what you typically print . « show less
yes , they work just fine so far without any problems .
yes they will . what you have to do each time the words `` this is not an original cartridge warning come up is just click yes , you wish to use it and after it goes through its series of questions , say yes and it will work just fine . ps you may have to do a nozzle clean every now and then , but it woks fine . hope this is not too much inf . john richey
i have a 2530 and they work just fine . it tells me it is a non epson product and i have to confirm that i want to use it .
please note that the epson wf-2630 printer is only compatible with epson 220 220xl cartridges . they are not compatible with epson 200 200xl cartridges . unfortunately , we do not carry epson 220 220xl cartridges .
they worked find on mine
no
yes you do not need to put anything together . just take it out of the box .
yes
its dark grey and the height listed is with the wheels on .
yes , it has wheels . does n't roll amazingly well on carpet , but it does roll : ) .
steel . do n't know thickness but it seems very heavy . i am very happy with this purchase
all three drawers fully extend . we are very pleased with the quality of this cabinet . you will not be disappointed .
i do not know what is a poe splitter . i use the uattend in my business and just plug and play
it does have multiple languages on the disk for instructions which comes with your device ... as far as setting it in spanish ... .not sure
the manual is online when you download the disk to your computer . we are a small lawn service and this device has suit us perfectly . we can have our temporary employees sign in with numbers and our permanent employees are set up to use their thumb.it is not a complicated system and if i had to purchase another one i would purchase the upgraded one because this is not completely wireless it would need to be linked to your wireless device meaning you have to set it close to your router ... .but all in all we are very happy with the purchase.hope this helps
try those removable hooks from 3m or so that they sell . they supposedly guarantee that they wo n't damage the wall and are removable when you want to take them down . that said , i 'm not sure it would hold the weight of the paper you would put in this file , so check the package of the hooks to find out if they 'll hold it .
there 's a loop to hang the whole thing on a hook , but the hook is not included . i 'd get something sturdy , if you 're going to have lots of papers in it . i use one of those over the door hooks and hang this on the back of my door .
it is 14.2 long and 10.6 '' wide when it is folded up . ( see the 3rd picture of the 5 posted ) . when it is extended out , it is 33 '' long and 14.2 '' wide . it 's width is relative to whether it is folded or extended .
it 's actually pretty sturdy plastic . the pockets are removeable , so i wouldnt suggest cutting it . they are all connected accordion style , which makes it easy to collapse and put in a book bag .
yes that is correct and it 's very roomy holds lots of paperwork .
actually , the top mount is more than enough to hold a heavier weight . the failure point is actually how the folders hang as they start to bend and can eventually fall off if you add a large amount of items into them . i am not sure if this is due to weight or the bulging of the folders that causes the problem , though i suspect the bulging is the real issue . this has only happened to me once in practice and was more to the fact that i had avoided my inbox for months ...
yes ! they are the perfect size for mamilla folders .
hey lee . it should ! i thought i 'd have to buy filing boxes but this pretty much holds all my documents and i usually run through a ream of paper per month . i 'm sure it 'll be worth it ! : ) hope this helps you .
no it has just 7 slots .
yes
you 're trying to get more out of this equipment than it 's capable of . this cutter is just that ... a cutter . it 's not a precision trimmer . if all you need to do is chop a stack of paper in two , this tool will do the job ... mostly . if you 're trimming paper or card stock to exact dimensions , you 'll probably discover the same thing i did : you spent too much money on a tool that just chops - and not enough for a tool that actually trims .
i actually contacted the company that sells the cutter for replacement pads . they sent me an invoice through paypal and shipped them to me . they were pretty reasonably priced . i wish they would sell me a replacement blade , but they wo n't ship blades .
the grid is measured in american imperial inches
i have not cut wax paper with this cutter , but i have cut laminated plastic foil bags . i see no reason why it would not work .
yes
250 blocks
i have been able to keep my cell phones synced up to 75 feet from the main unit with only a slight reduction in clarity .
yes . all you do is press the `` intercom '' button , and it plays a sound on all the handsets . you then pick one up and talk . very simple .
as you see in the picture the system can support 4 phones . i am using it with 6 phones which is the maximum number of phones that it can support .
i have a home which is a partial faraday cage ( low transmission of telecommunications ) ; footprint 65'x60 ' ... i get good reception throughout the house and on the outside of house near base ... i have the extender , but misplaced power cord ... with the extender it would allow the entire 3 4 acre house and yard may be possible ... my biggest problem is volume , i need the spkr phone to hear well most of the time . otherwise , it is better than my old system .
it is a three in one print scan copy
one page at a time .
yes it can connect to a computer via a usb cable
yes it will either wirelessly or via usb connection if your tablet has the capability . i even print wirelessly from my cell phone using an app .
careful . my cartridge did not even fit in the place . also it is more likely not detected by your printer as brother . i would not buy . any review from 2014 on amazon are old and you do n't see reviews for 2015 that tell you such cartridges work .
im sorry about that , the bullet points on the listing said they would n't work with the newer printer , however we fixed it now and now they 'll work in all printers , these are now the new generation of these cartridges , and please contact us about the bad ones you have so we can replace with the new ones , thank youlisa
no , but i used them in my brother j475dw and they fit and work fine .
i used so far only one cartridge and it worked ok. only be careful when tearing off that tape what close the vent hole , it may spill ink .
mine bought since then ( new ) works fine .
mine is the 475 and given my experience all i can say is that if you try them , good luck with that .
yes , i am using these cartridges now . they seem to work ok. you have to push them in so that the plastic film over the ink outlet is pierced .
yes , they work on my printer even though these are `` generic ''
yes no problem
no..these toners wrecked our printer . i do not recommend them .
i 've had absolutely no problems in our brother printer .
no
no ! none of them actually state they are reega . i believe the black to be reega , the others are high-vision .
these do not say swarovski , and are a tiny bit less sparkly than my swarovski , but they are still so pretty !
i do n't know the pens you are specifically asking about , but yes they are slim .
not sure if they are made by swarovski or not ; there is nothing to indicate anywhere that they are . the traditional `` swarovski '' printed word appears on the clip of the authentic crystal pen that i have , and the crystals are a tad brighter in the authentic pen . these pens here do not say swarovski anywhere on them , and i 'm not familiar enough with the way the crystals look to be able to judge whether they 're authentic swarovski . i bought them as a pretty alternative to swarovski , not thinking i would get authentic crystals anyway .
if you twist the bottom of the pen , it will open . you can buy the refills at any office supply store or pen shop .
outside width is about 21 1 2 '' and opening beneath is about 18 1 2 '' . apple imac fits fine .
not sure of exact height i have the lowest which is just fine for my mac . i would guess apx 3 inches . nice product , sturdy and love the usb ports in front .
no , only the height has 2 positions .
yes
it is about 3 and a half feet long . however , it is a plain , standard usb cable , male on both ends , so that if you need a longer cable they are cheap and easy to find .
hi abigail - i have two of these stands - one supports a 24 '' imac ( 2008 model , with optical drive - weight 25lbs ) and the other a 23 '' toshiba all-in-one pc . no problems with either . very stable base . as your imac is shown as 21 lbs. , should be ok .
i have one on my desk . the length is 21.75 '' and the depth is 9 '' .
comes with cables built into the stand , one for usb , one for audio . connect to computer . then plug in usb devices or headphones to the stand .
the cushioning on the chair i received is n't great . the edges are hard and cause some discomfort on the backside of where i sit . if they 've updated the cushioning in the last two months , you may be in better luck than me .
( only ) when you and the treadmill are *not* moving - then : yes , there should be no problem setting this on the belt of a ( non-moving ) treadmill . the bottom is rubber , and should not slip .
i use my wobble stool daily at my standing desk . i `` lean '' on it mostly . when i need to `` sit '' , i lower the seat and can sit comfortably . it is safe , however , you have to get used to using it . if you try to mount the chair and you have it too high , you could fall . always make sure the seat is lowered before sitting or leaning on it . and then elevate it as needed .
it will not cause one but it could help you if you already have one because when you use it to lean against , you do not put your entire weight on your tail bone like in the normal sitting position .
yes , that 's the way i assembled mine . i believe they are screws meant just for this sort of plastic . i 've had no issues with mine since installation .
yes
yes , it comes with the usb cable .
yes
it does not . according to the person i spoke with at epson support , you need to buy a bluetooth component separately to make the printer bluetooth enabled .
3 1 8 '' x 230 ' thermal receipt paper .
if you want an answer ( rather than a lesson in basic electronics ) then this unit is about 265w . that 's based on what is printed on the bottom of the shredder component ( 120v and 2.2a . ) if you 're going to bring this to a country with 220v ( like i am ) , i 'd suggest a 300w or higher voltage converter .
they are cut horizontally but crosscut so that the cut strip is only about an inch long .
i believe the instructions that came with the shredder called for vegetable oil to be poured across the teeth .
12.1 x 7.7 x 15 inches ; 8.2 pounds
depends how much you use it , but twice a year would be a safe amount .
great question ... i checked the instruction manual to find that there is no mention of a warranty ... it 's a lazy sunday afternoon ( august 17th , 4:34 pm pdt ) so i called amazon customer service ( 1-800-216-1072 ) ... the very nice lady who answered ( marya ) tells me that while the warranty information does not appear anywhere on the amazon website , there is a one-year warranty on any amazonbasic product , including the 6-sheet cross-cut paper shredder ( asin # b00hfjwkwk ) ... good to know ... we 've had this unit a couple of months and love it ... only challenge is that we generate a whole heckuva lot more shreds than we imagined ... would be great if we could order a basket about three or four times as large ... great question ... i checked the instruction manual to find that there is no mention of a warranty ... it 's a lazy sunday afternoon ( august 17th , 4:34 pm pdt ) so i called amazon customer service ( 1-800-216-1072 ) ... the very nice lady who answered ( marya ) tells me that while the warranty information does not appear anywhere on the amazon website , there is a one-year warranty on any amazonbasic product , including the 6-sheet cross-cut paper shredder ( asin # b00hfjwkwk ) ... good to know ... we 've had this unit a couple of months and love it ... only challenge is that we generate a whole heckuva lot ... » read more great question ... i checked the instruction manual to find that there is no mention of a warranty ... it 's a lazy sunday afternoon ( august 17th , 4:34 pm pdt ) so i called amazon customer service ( 1-800-216-1072 ) ... the very nice lady who answered ( marya ) tells me that while the warranty information does not appear anywhere on the amazon website , there is a one-year warranty on any amazonbasic product , including the 6-sheet cross-cut paper shredder ( asin # b00hfjwkwk ) ... good to know ... we 've had this unit a couple of months and love it ... only challenge is that we generate a whole heckuva lot more shreds than we imagined ... would be great if we could order a basket about three or four times as large ... « show less
the thermal protection will shut down the machine when it gets over heat . i think it depends how hard machine has to work , if you use it for shredding cd or credit card for few minutes in a row , you may encounter overheating problem . for light shredding job , so far , i have never encountered such problem even i had used it for well over 4 minutes quite a few times.i read some negative comment about this machine , imo it is a $ 30 shredder , one of the cheapest in the market , in such price range , we have to accept some limitation , e.g noise issue , overheat when we push the shredder too hard , etc . overall it meet my expectation . the thermal protection will shut down the machine when it gets over heat . i think it depends how hard machine has to work , if you use it for shredding cd or credit card for few minutes in a row , you may encounter overheating problem . for light shredding job , so far , i have never encountered such problem even i had used it for well over 4 minutes quite a few times.i read some negative comment about this machine , imo it is a $ 30 shredder , one of the cheapest in the market , in such price range , we have to accept some limitation , e.g noise issue , overheat when we push the shredder too ... » read more the thermal protection will shut down the machine when it gets over heat . i think it depends how hard machine has to work , if you use it for shredding cd or credit card for few minutes in a row , you may encounter overheating problem . for light shredding job , so far , i have never encountered such problem even i had used it for well over 4 minutes quite a few times.i read some negative comment about this machine , imo it is a $ 30 shredder , one of the cheapest in the market , in such price range , we have to accept some limitation , e.g noise issue , overheat when we push the shredder too hard , etc . overall it meet my expectation . « show less
pls do not buy this chair . it is designed very odd . faulty design . its definitely not comfortable
not sure what called , but is a faux leather . still holding up well for me .
not sure it is designed for that but i have a bad back and these chairs are very comfortable to sit in . not once does my back ache after sitting in them . these are my home chairs but the ones i use at work are bad on the back . i highly recommend these .
no
yes , you have to unlock the mechanism first
27 ''
about 30 in
yes can be done but you must have and ip pbx or a hosted service with that you can recive call and tranfer to other external numbers or extentions
hello denisse ! it depends on what kind of line you have . if your line comes from a sip provider then you can use this phone for that line and for the calls that you receive in your cellphone ( using bluetooth ) . if you have a traditional phone line , this phone will not work with that ,
cat5e or cat6 only .
yes , it will work with ringcentral , although there 's better providers out there ( flowroute , voip.ms ) .
yes
they tray is outside
yes , it works with the cable as well .
i find the ink usage less than hp 's , but unless you step to an mx8xx series , yes , you do need to replace a color cartridge if one of the colors runs out . i 've gone months without needing to replace a cartridge though .
it will auto feed the copy function - the scan will have to be done one at a time .
8.5 x 14 or smaller
yes
true , `` grey scale '' will only print black in draft quality . i use it all the time . therefore , it does save ink ... both black and color . however , the color cartridge will deplete over time due system cleaning . furthermore , the printer will not function without a full or partially full color cartridge .
huh ? another answer says there 's an extra tray in the rear of the printer for card stock . not on my mx472 . and no mention of it in the on-line tutorial . the only way mine prints is to feed them through like paper . am i missing something ?
yes , once you download the pixma app .
fully-integrated , 30-sheet auto document feeder : easily copy , scan and fax multiple documents without having to load them one page at a time
i would buy this in a heart beat . i have steadfastly been an hp person for 20 years , but they can not touch the performance and price of this unit .
i have successfully used re-manufactured ( refilled ) cartridges . although there is a trick to using them . after you install one , the machine will tell you the cartridge is `` low ink '' . after a few pages it says it 's out of ink and the warning light comes on . ( do not cancel your print job ! ) press and hold the red `` stop '' button for about 5 seconds and the warning light will turn off . the display will then show `` unknown ink volume '' or something similar . you are now good to print until the cartridge actually runs out of ink .
the cartridges that came with the printer only lasted about a month . and do n't make the mistake i did and buy the remanufactured ink cartridges . the printer does not acknowledge when a cartridge is changed and will not allow you to print . i had to buy canon cartridges which are more expensive .
yes , depending on what provider you have . create a hotspot with your ipad ( in settings cellular ) . then join the printer to your newly created hotspot and you 'll be able to print to the canon .
no it wo n't . i disagree with the previous two answers . it automatically stops when the ink runs out on any cartridge . your computer screen warns you first and then when the printer stops your screen shows which cartridge has run out of ink . i keep two sets of refillable cartridges so i have no down time when the ink runs out . i just replace the dry one and refill it while the printer continues doing its job .
it comes with ink but the cartridges are supposed to contain just enough ink to setup the printer . however so far i have printed out about six 12 inch x 12 inch heavily colored t-shirt transfer prints and still have ink left . because the spec said setup ink tanks , i ordered a full set of spares along with the printer . i think that printer manufacturers sell the printers for under cost and then make all their money on selling ink . by the time you replace the tanks twice on many printers , you will have spent more money on ink than on the printer . just the same , i think it is an outrage not to include a full set of tanks with a new printer . it comes with ink but the cartridges are supposed to contain just enough ink to setup the printer . however so far i have printed out about six 12 inch x 12 inch heavily colored t-shirt transfer prints and still have ink left . because the spec said setup ink tanks , i ordered a full set of spares along with the printer . i think that printer manufacturers sell the printers for under cost and then make all their money on selling ink . by the time you replace the tanks twice on many printers , you will have spent more money on ink than on the printer . just the same , i think it is an outrage not to ... » read more it comes with ink but the cartridges are supposed to contain just enough ink to setup the printer . however so far i have printed out about six 12 inch x 12 inch heavily colored t-shirt transfer prints and still have ink left . because the spec said setup ink tanks , i ordered a full set of spares along with the printer . i think that printer manufacturers sell the printers for under cost and then make all their money on selling ink . by the time you replace the tanks twice on many printers , you will have spent more money on ink than on the printer . just the same , i think it is an outrage not to include a full set of tanks with a new printer . « show less
will feed automatically if a stack is placed in the rear tray
there are 5 separate cartridges , black pigment , black dye , cyan , magenta and yellow . you only need to replace one at a time as they run out . you can monitor the cartridge levels from the computer .
yes , actually that 's the way i 'm using it . i do n't recall if it came with the right usb cable or i used my own .
the ix6820 is just the ix6520 with wireless . i have both models , one at work and one at home . the graphic quality is exactly the same . again the newer model is just with wireless added .
yes it does .
i have the same problem and regret so say i have no solution but to buy another brand . sorry .
i bought 2 and they each case in a case with an extra ink cartridge .
no - the one that i have is at least a medium tip if not broad . it is great for signing your name !
generic international cartridges are fine .
no , it contained a piece of parker quink . if you do need a ink converter , you can buy `` parker deluxe fountain pen ink converter ( 5638200 ) . '' i bought this ink converter and it works well with my this type of parker pen .
the quink refills cartridges are pretty universal . the im fountain pen will accept them . it will also accept schaeffer , waterman , pelican cartridges .
made in china , i believe .
it 's a medium point . i have two of them but do n't use them . they are hard to start the ink flowing after even an hour or two sitting unused and skip until you work at it to get the ink flowing properly . i 've been quite disappointed in them . other than how they write , i like them a lot : the look and feel of the pen is very nice .
i had red specks on my paper . had to run cleaning routine several times . also suggest you look at cartridge to see if it has toner on it
no one has had any issues with this at my building .
yes
no it wo n't work with google voice
it does n't work with vonage and i do n't know if you can dim the lcd , i never fooled around with it when i had it . this phone is meant to just be plugged into your computer instead of through vonage . i took mine back for that exact reason .
there is a jack for ext in the back of this unit , but it is for connecting the extension board for phone number storage .
this phone will talk with standard sip accounts . i normally use this with asterisk-based pbx to talk up stream to voip providers . the question to ask your voip provider is do they support sip handsets such as the grandstream or only with pbx systems .
i have a savi 7xx series and it works great . pricy though .
this function is possible on the phone but would depend on the system it is connected to . i use our grandstreams running on asterisk and asterisk supports this feature . it works great . you need a sip or similar voip enabled service to use this phone
yes
the printer includes a small-capacity toner cartridge . no ink is necessary since this is not an inkjet printer . inkjet printers suck , i stopped using them years ago . clogged jets , expensive ink , etc . laser is the way to go , except maybe for low-volume color .
yes , the hl-l2380dw supports `` google cloud print '' which allows you to print from chromebooks or anywhere you are signed into the google chrome web browser . the manual is not entirely clear how to set this up , but once you have the printer connected to your router , open up your a web browser on your laptop and go to the printer 's ip address ( something like `` 192.168.1.3 '' ; you 'll find it printed on the sheet that prints after you connect the printer to your router ) . this will load up the printer 's web interface and you will go to `` network '' , then `` protocol '' , then click the `` advanced '' button near google cloud print . this will walk you through the registration process . once it is setup , you can use your chromebook anywhere ( like a coffee shop ) and when you go to print , it will print to this printer at home . yes , the hl-l2380dw supports `` google cloud print '' which allows you to print from chromebooks or anywhere you are signed into the google chrome web browser . the manual is not entirely clear how to set this up , but once you have the printer connected to your router , open up your a web browser on your laptop and go to the printer 's ip address ( something like `` 192.168.1.3 '' ; you 'll find it printed on the sheet that prints after you connect the printer to your router ) . this will load up the printer 's web interface and you will go to `` network '' , then ... » read more yes , the hl-l2380dw supports `` google cloud print '' which allows you to print from chromebooks or anywhere you are signed into the google chrome web browser . the manual is not entirely clear how to set this up , but once you have the printer connected to your router , open up your a web browser on your laptop and go to the printer 's ip address ( something like `` 192.168.1.3 '' ; you 'll find it printed on the sheet that prints after you connect the printer to your router ) . this will load up the printer 's web interface and you will go to `` network '' , then `` protocol '' , then click the `` advanced '' button near google cloud print . this will walk you through the registration process . once it is setup , you can use your chromebook anywhere ( like a coffee shop ) and when you go to print , it will print to this printer at home . « show less
the scanning and printing work well with 10.10 .
copy and scan - yes . fax - no
no
sorry not yet
si funciona ... . yes
installation is simple , a little bit of jerry rig and presto , but beware , i bought a cartridge and ran about a year made tons of copies , i bought a second one and about a month into it , epson made a software update that made the cartridge useless . it was too late for me to return it so beware .
the cis not compitable with wf-2660 modeland we do n't have cis for it .
that item do n't work either with my epson xp410
search the app at first , the left point is used to print
i 'm not sure how it works with an iphone but if you 're using an android phone like a samsung s5 you can download an app called lg pocket photo to print . make sure you connect your phone and popo printer via bluetooth . it worked great for me .
2 x 3
i 'm not sure it if is , you have to download an app for it which i am not sure if it 's compatible with the iphone 4 .
i have not officially weighed it but it feels about 10-12 lbs folded up to lift .
http : www.walmart.com ip narita-jumbo-shopping-cart-blue 15734922 ( the front wheels of the jumbo cart just push in . )
the rear basket is not removable -- i get on and off the city buses without the rear basket interfering with my progress getting on or off .
i think it said in the description 100 lbs . that 's part of the reason i bought it , because i wanted to make sure it would n't collapse , though i doubt i will ever put that much weight in it . it 's a bit bigger than i expected , but it works for the laundry . i might buy a smaller one for grocery shopping .
the following was copied and pasted from the item description on the product page.durable construction - jumbo size : folded height : 39.5 '' basket size : 17.75 '' x 15.75 '' x 23.5 '' back wheels : 9.5 '' x 1 ''
my daughter has been able to get 5 shopping bags down a long flight of stairs . they were just groceries with no large heavy items ( like watermelon ) and so far so good .
i do n't know what material they are actually made of , but they look and feel like hard rubber , certainly not like a hard plastic . they also grip the pavement very well , better than any cart i have previously used .
depends on how bumpy the dirt road is , and how much weight is in the cart . most flat roads with laundry weight should be ok. make sure the wheel pins are bent all the way to avoid wheels from coming off .
it will hold over 100great machinewe really love it
yes it count any currency .
yes
yes
it does count any kind of bills ... but you have to disable the counterfeit option in order to count bolivares or any other currency but dollars ... it works great , im from venezuela actually and im glad i bought it ... really recommend it to anyone !
it detects counterfeit . it is not portable
the square app . download free from app store .
yes of course
you can use for any card
yes
a quick look at the paper tray shows that it has a centered paper feed with two tabs that move open and closed together to auto center the paper .
samsung online or google it
hello , there are 4 toners , black - clt-k406scyan - clt-c406syellow - clt-y406smagenta - clt-m406syou can check prices at amazon , or buy 4 cartridge set - samsung part # clt-k406s . clt-c406s . clt-m406s . clt-y406s toner cartridge set ( oem )
yes
osx is listed on its spec page and drivers are available for download .
the manual for this printer , available from the samsung website ( the pdf file , not the html file which i found useless ) , states on page 113 that there is a 220 volt model available . a check of the back of my machine shows no switches or markings indicating universal voltage , so i believe the us model is not 220 volt compatible . you might look to buy from a market where 220 volts is standard .
should we could sell you ours not big enough for our campground . rustictimbersdcc @ gmail .
thanks for the question . are you referring to the operating system on the tablet ? if so , it is an android operating system . i hope that answers your questions .
no you can not upload any pictures you have to use the ones the comes preloaded
we do not recommend trying to install a different software on our hardware . the hardware is specifically configured to work with our software only . by loading a different software it could cause the hardware to malfunction .
no it does not print . it only scans the bar code . you can print any barcode in word file by downloading 3of9 fonts . i hope this helps .
the software is not included . the amazon pricing is just for the hardware . our posimplicity software is required to make the hardware function correctly . the software starts at $ 39 month . there is no contract but after the software is purchased you will be charged monthly until you cancel the subscription .
too many to count .
hello , thank you for your inquiry . we have bands that are 4 '' x 5 8 '' , 5 '' x 5 8 '' , 6 '' x 5 8 '' all they way through 9 '' . they come in red , so if color does n't matter , then these would work for you . here is the link to the 4 '' bands : # 104 red ceramic uv band . the others are all listed as well . let me know if this is not what you were looking for and we can work on something else . thank you and have a great day .
if had to guess,3 '' . linear 6 ''
auto shut off kicks in after 60 seconds of idle.no . you have to touch it use it within the 60 secs period .
yes , i have used this scale for very large boxes . just place scale on level surface and center box on scale . the digital read out is on a long cable so it is easy to place it away from the scale to read the weight . works great !
yes . that is correct . i tested it tonight at your request . i placed three objects on the scale that all together weigh 10.00 oz . then i added an object that weighs .6 oz . the display read 10 oz . never did it read 10.6 oz . the same result whether the additional weight was .5 , .4 , .3 , .2 , or .8 oz . when i added a full ounce , then the display changed to 11 oz . i hope that answers your question .
scale weighs up to 110 lbs .
the powercord is only about 3 feet , but if you run it off batteries instead ; the coiled cord connecting the display to the scale stretches to 5-6 ft easily .
yes this works right out of the box ! no calibration needed .
yes , there is an option for slides or negatives
i never really timed it , but i 'd estimate 10 seconds or less . this thing actually works !
the slide case internal id measures 1.98 1.99 '' square ( plus or minus 0.05 '' or so ) . they should fit fine or may require the slightest trimming of the paper edge to fully seat the slide . each slide opening has an internal lip or edge into which the slide is inserted . that is the dimension i measured and spoke of . i have had no issues with all the slides that we have converted so far . hope that helps .
the internal memory of the device and its built-in software allows this device to be attached via usb cable to a computer for the transfer directly ... in the same way you would load photos from ( for example ) a digital camera or other device .
yes . when you load a color or b &w; negative into the scanner , you see the image as a positive . during the setup , you must indicate whether you are loading negatives or slides ( which are positive images ) . there is a bit of a learning curve to using the scanner - but nothing too terribly confusing . the instructions that come with it will walk you through .
no you dont . unfortunately you only have two options of scanning it ... 14mp or 22mp ! each photo scanned has the size of 3144 x 2232 and about 3,60mb .
yes , it works very well with my iphone 4s , i did not have any problem so far . great pics !
i worked on the technology and it is quite stable compared to your direct thermal point of sale receipts ( e.g. , from a gas pump or restaurant ) . like any image it depends on how you store it . the images do have pretty good stability to light and modest heat and humidity . they are tested at 60 c , 40 c 90 % rh and under harsh lights ( 2500 ft candle fluorescent and xenon arc ) . heat and humidity are the harshest conditions along with light coupled with humidity . they will last years if you avoid those conditions .
they zinc photo paper is not like polaroids . so it should be fine inside the device .
yes . i have an iphone 4 and no problems .
if you 're asking if it is compatible with the iphone 6+ , the answer is yes . it is compatible with any device that uses bluetooth technology .
it came with regular zink papers , much like the old mini-polaroids . i am also able to use the polaroid zink paper , but only with the lg barcode card . hang on to the ones you receive with the printer , as you 'll need to feed them with every new pack of paper ( discard the polaroid barcode card ) . if you buy lg zink paper , just use the card that comes with it .
hi , yes they will work with your order , and we offer a 100 % satisfaction guarantee , please contact us with any issues , thank you
they have ink . merely put the cartridge in the printer and proceed .
no but you get a bunch of them
they work well with my wf3540 .
i do n't know ... what i do know is they work for me , but i do n't do `` high detail '' or `` fine art '' printing . mine is just family photos ... and the quality pleases some very picky family members . i 'm satisified .
google says yes
yes
yes they are compatible , thank you
the ts 10-pk i use is for epson workforse 845 the pack is t127 cartridge- ( works well )
metal .
8 1 2 x 11 inches . yes .
yes i do it all the time !
18inches high ... 8 1 2 inches front to back . 14side to side
lift the top .
it makes confetti out of credit cards . hope that 's what you wanted to know .
is there a chance it has over heated ?
the manual recommends removing paper clips and staples . it states that `` the unit will cut staples but it is not recommended ''
yes , you can pair it with apple , android and windows.works great , very fast reading , very accurate , the battery last long
hey alan , the actual alpha-numeric statistic of the barcode will display , not the actual barcode . hope this helps !
maybe the scanner is out of battery . please charge it for 6-8 hours .
yes you can . press menu - > settings - > handset name . you will have to do this with each handset . good luck !
yes t does show it , but i found the phone company one annoying bc it limited u to 4 rings only , so i ended up turning off my verizon answering service .
yes , comes with bracket
yes , there is a `` locator intercom '' button on the base which signals the handset .
each phone handset has its own charger ...
there are no batteries in the base unit . the handsets each use 2 aaa rechargeable batteries ( included ) . the batteries are ni-mh so they do n't have the `` memory effect '' that lithium batteries have . a nice feature is that if there is a power failure the base unit will draw power from a handset in it 's cradle and continue to operate .
yes . we answer one one handset , and if we then pick up a second phone we are automatically conferences in .
no . the jack is only on the base unit .
mira , in addition to the jack on each phone you can `` pair '' a wireless bluetooth headset with the base station . i suggest you access their `` operating instructions '' online . the instructions for using a bluetooth headset is on page 54-55 in my printed manual . hope this helps .
i checked my owners manual and it states `` this product is designed for use in the united states of america '' . the manual also says in the specifications section `` power source : 120v ac , 60 hz '' . i would think that it would not work on 240. hope this helps .
you have the option to mute the call ... not a button u see until u make a call snd the the mute option is displayed in screen and u hit top left button to mute . love these phones
yes . i am not using it with my phones but it is included .
yes , this telephone does have the talking caller id feature . full details can be found in the below link . http : shop.panasonic.com docs operating-instruction 2014 phone kxtge210-mul.pdf # page=37
go to menu . scroll to intercom . pick the one you want to find or hit all . the one or all phones will start ringing . go listen for your missing phone . i hope this helps .
very clear-totally happy with this purchase
yes , but requires 2.5mm jack ( not 3.5mm like most devices )
no
the clarity is excellent . i have had no problems with the system . the speakerphone part is great too , it helps because sometimes it is hard for me to hear .
i leave the phone off the charger all day 12+ hours .
the technology that is in these sets is dect 6.0 plus is the best of the best . i have a 2 1 2 acre parcel of land and i can walk the perimeter without any `` signal wash '' at all . these operate in the 1.9 ghz frequency range . the topography of the landscape will determine the exact range . it does n't get any better than these and they are a panasonic product ... .
yes , it appears you can only use 2 handsets at a time and the third must remain in the base unit . see pg 20 in the operating instructions .
yes , you can use the three handests at the same time in conference mode .
it does not have a headphone jack in either the handset or the base . however , it does have a speaker phone button on both the handset and the base . the phone is a nice basic phone . it has an intercom button and a find button . hope this helps .
yes it has plus call blocking too .
yes ... face of phone lights up when ringing
the base and each unit has a `` charger '' that plugs into an electric outlet . each handset has a set of rechargeable batteries that , compared to other phones , are least expensive to replace . i gave these as a gift but have had a set like these for over a year . i 've talked as long as 2 hrs on handset and have yet to replace the batteries . i would imagine that the length of the charge will depend on the age of the batteries . i 've found these phones to be excellent and the recipient of this set is also pleased with theirs . there are other features that make is system very user friendly . ( i 'm not a panasonic employee just a very satisfied customer 8- ) ) the base and each unit has a `` charger '' that plugs into an electric outlet . each handset has a set of rechargeable batteries that , compared to other phones , are least expensive to replace . i gave these as a gift but have had a set like these for over a year . i 've talked as long as 2 hrs on handset and have yet to replace the batteries . i would imagine that the length of the charge will depend on the age of the batteries . i 've found these phones to be excellent and the recipient of this set is also pleased with theirs . there are other features that make is system very user friendly ... . » read more the base and each unit has a `` charger '' that plugs into an electric outlet . each handset has a set of rechargeable batteries that , compared to other phones , are least expensive to replace . i gave these as a gift but have had a set like these for over a year . i 've talked as long as 2 hrs on handset and have yet to replace the batteries . i would imagine that the length of the charge will depend on the age of the batteries . i 've found these phones to be excellent and the recipient of this set is also pleased with theirs . there are other features that make is system very user friendly . ( i 'm not a panasonic employee just a very satisfied customer 8- ) ) « show less
i have not experienced this condition with our phone set which we have been using for about 6 months
yes , there is a mute selection on the display !
yes.lots of room .
yes , you can
i think so just the ink has to be liquids : _ )
hi supermom : you can use this pen with the little ink cartridges made for it or you can use the refillable one that comes with it . you just hold the valve end into a bottle of ink while pulling up on the little plunger which sucks the ink into the chamber and , bingo ! insert it into the nib just like you would a prefilled cartridge . get ink specifically for fountain pens . other inks may clog the nib too often . if it is archival quality it will say so on the bottle . these pens are not maintenance free at all . but if you get one that flows really well , it is a joy to use . certain people just like the scratch and flow of liquid ink vs. ball point pens . the calligraphy squared-off nib on this peb is especially fun and there are n't very many fountain pen manufacturers that make a really high end pen with a calligraphy nib . this one is not considered high end , but it is much nicer than the plastic ones . ( i 'm not knocking the plastic ones - i like anything with different width nibs and a good flow ! ) lots of duke owners love this pen . mine wo n't flow so i 'm going to try a higher quality ink to see if that helps . there are other adjustments i can try before i give up on it - it 's a great looking , good-feeling pen and the nib is nice quality . tmi ? hi supermom : you can use this pen with the little ink cartridges made for it or you can use the refillable one that comes with it . you just hold the valve end into a bottle of ink while pulling up on the little plunger which sucks the ink into the chamber and , bingo ! insert it into the nib just like you would a prefilled cartridge . get ink specifically for fountain pens . other inks may clog the nib too often . if it is archival quality it will say so on the bottle . these pens are not maintenance free at all . but if you get one that flows really well , it is a joy to use . certain people just ... » read more hi supermom : you can use this pen with the little ink cartridges made for it or you can use the refillable one that comes with it . you just hold the valve end into a bottle of ink while pulling up on the little plunger which sucks the ink into the chamber and , bingo ! insert it into the nib just like you would a prefilled cartridge . get ink specifically for fountain pens . other inks may clog the nib too often . if it is archival quality it will say so on the bottle . these pens are not maintenance free at all . but if you get one that flows really well , it is a joy to use . certain people just like the scratch and flow of liquid ink vs. ball point pens . the calligraphy squared-off nib on this peb is especially fun and there are n't very many fountain pen manufacturers that make a really high end pen with a calligraphy nib . this one is not considered high end , but it is much nicer than the plastic ones . ( i 'm not knocking the plastic ones - i like anything with different width nibs and a good flow ! ) lots of duke owners love this pen . mine wo n't flow so i 'm going to try a higher quality ink to see if that helps . there are other adjustments i can try before i give up on it - it 's a great looking , good-feeling pen and the nib is nice quality . tmi ? « show less
hi , sorry for confusion . the cap should be push type , we will updated this accordingly .
check out the photos on the amazon product page . although the photos show a converter , this fits into the nib unit in exactly the same way as a cartridge . simply , but gently , push the smallest end of the cartridge into the opening behind the threaded portion of the nib unit so that the nipple inside the unit pierces the membrane at the tip of the cartridge . you may have to wait a moment or two for the ink to get through - a couple of quick but gentle downward shakes usually does the trick ( but do n't bang the nib down on the paper to start the inkflow ! ) , or you can even give the cartridge a slight squeeze if necessary . sounds much harder than it actually is ! just check the photos for how the pen looks disassembled and have a play around . easy . check out the photos on the amazon product page . although the photos show a converter , this fits into the nib unit in exactly the same way as a cartridge . simply , but gently , push the smallest end of the cartridge into the opening behind the threaded portion of the nib unit so that the nipple inside the unit pierces the membrane at the tip of the cartridge . you may have to wait a moment or two for the ink to get through - a couple of quick but gentle downward shakes usually does the trick ( but do n't bang the nib down on the paper to start the inkflow ! ) , or you can even give the cartridge a ... » read more check out the photos on the amazon product page . although the photos show a converter , this fits into the nib unit in exactly the same way as a cartridge . simply , but gently , push the smallest end of the cartridge into the opening behind the threaded portion of the nib unit so that the nipple inside the unit pierces the membrane at the tip of the cartridge . you may have to wait a moment or two for the ink to get through - a couple of quick but gentle downward shakes usually does the trick ( but do n't bang the nib down on the paper to start the inkflow ! ) , or you can even give the cartridge a slight squeeze if necessary . sounds much harder than it actually is ! just check the photos for how the pen looks disassembled and have a play around . easy . « show less
i had the loose spring in my pen as well i just leave the spring in the bottom of the pen i 'm not sure of the function but i just inked my pen and left the pen in the bottom and my pen writes good
if you are referring to another interchanged writing portion as shown in the photo , then the answer is yes .
it is an open nib style . i would say it is about an 8th to a inch ( very close to an inch ) . this pen does not take cartridges , be aware you need to get bottled ink . but overall very cheap and well designed , mine has a tendency to over ink . but i do like it . hope that helps
one was fine point . the other had more of a flex . like calligraphy
i ordered this set through the pen store and it came with a converter .
yes , but ... odd that 6 months after purchase the replace toner light is flashing . as we use this for home use and are n't prolific printers , seems odd it should need replacing already . nevertheless , we still like the printer overall .
yes ! i scan to pdf all the time ! and its really fast !
this printer does not support airprint .
yes , it is ; however , the drum units give out after one year & the print quality deteriorates after time .
yes , it does and waits for you to do it . so if you decide to go two pages , instead , you have to press a button to tell it to go ahead and print .
yes it is and works great ! its now $ 20 cheaper than i paid !
yes . usb cord is provided .
yes it can do both .
yes it will . i have a toshiba satellite laptop with windows 8 and it works seamlessly . i also use it with my samsung chromebook , galaxy s3 and tab 3 ... all print very easily with no hassle . it connects to your home wi-fi in just a few steps . i love it !
nope
no . it is designed to sit on a flat surface .
the phone charges when resting on its base . as far as i know there is no way to replace the battery .
the handset is 8 inches long and 1 1 2 inch wide .
try requesting info from : helpline @ swissvoice.net
michael , i worked for hp 13 years and although i am no longer with hp this printer is the best wireless for home use . it does not need to be near a computer . i have my phone which is samsung , dell computer , my daughters apple tablet and vaio all connected wireless . this works for us !
yes if you mean the monthly subscription services ... the new model is included .
you are incorrect on the two sided printing , you must go to the properties and set the printer to two sided documents !
what a great question ! with the lid fully raised , the measurement from top to bottom is 21inches . i hope this helps !
yes it will . the doc can be scanned to pdf to your computer or directly into an email that you send from the printer without the need of a computer . the printer also has an address book function for frequent recipients of your pdf attachment emails . in the case of a multi-user environment ( e.g . a small office ) , there is a code option for your email address so other people can not send pdf scans directly from the printer using your email credentials . this is a very versatile printer and easy to use . i have purchased three of them !
19 3 4 '' wide ; 11 3 4 '' high ; approx 19 '' deep ( with output tray closed )
yes , almost instantly , which is surprising for a color laser .
hi sandy - i 've only used regular paper and only owned it for a few weeks . if it 's any help , the user 's guide ( pg4 ) states : do not use paper which is highly textured or extremely smooth , or has a chemical coating . it does work for various types of paper ... heavy , light etc . however.if you google `` brother hll8350 printer user 's guide '' the guide should come up . page 4 goes into types of paper , envelopes , labels to be used . that said , i 'm quite happy with the printer for my purposes . as someone else advised , i 'd contact brother customer service . supposedly they are helpful.good luck . hi sandy - i 've only used regular paper and only owned it for a few weeks . if it 's any help , the user 's guide ( pg4 ) states : do not use paper which is highly textured or extremely smooth , or has a chemical coating . it does work for various types of paper ... heavy , light etc . however.if you google `` brother hll8350 printer user 's guide '' the guide should come up . page 4 goes into types of paper , envelopes , labels to be used . that said , i 'm quite happy with the printer for my purposes . as someone else advised , i 'd contact brother customer service . supposedly they ... » read more hi sandy - i 've only used regular paper and only owned it for a few weeks . if it 's any help , the user 's guide ( pg4 ) states : do not use paper which is highly textured or extremely smooth , or has a chemical coating . it does work for various types of paper ... heavy , light etc . however.if you google `` brother hll8350 printer user 's guide '' the guide should come up . page 4 goes into types of paper , envelopes , labels to be used . that said , i 'm quite happy with the printer for my purposes . as someone else advised , i 'd contact brother customer service . supposedly they are helpful.good luck . « show less
yes
hello . you have a choice of two cartridges for black with this machine . the brother tn-331bk or the tn-336bk . the tn-331bk is the low yield cartridge that gives up to 2500 pages based on 5 % page coverage . the tn-336bk yields up to 4,000 pages based on 5 % coverage . honestly , for someone doing higher volume printing ( 500+ pages per month ) the tn-336bk is the only real choice . the price different is not that great . overall this is a very economical printer .
had to download the drivers from the brother website . once installed from the downloaded file there were no problems . windows did not have the correct drivers .
we print newsletters with photos in them . the colors are very accurate compared to my other printer ( also a brother ) . the resolution is not portrait quality by any means , but good enough for us .
yes , this laser printer comes with the toner .
well , i 'm still using the original cartridges that it shipped with . the printer has a web page interface where it shows all of the statistics as well as configuration options , etc . right now it tells me i 've printed a total of 949 pages ( 499 color , 450 b &w; ) . images count total : 2125 ( cyan : 433 : magenta : 433 yellow : 317 black : 942 ) . drum count : 949. the toners for cyan , magenta , yellow , black are all showing 60 % of full . i 've used % 40 of all toners .
no . you have the option to use the usb cable directly or you can configure it for wireless . you can choose either option .
6 foot
yes , the toner is in the box .
yes ! i use a 2013 macbook pro with retina and the printer works without needing any setup software .
hi elizabeth , his is a monochrome laser printer . no color printing .
yes , toneryes , usb cable.we have a new mac without a cd drive . had to barrow a portable . took a while to get instal right . but love the printer . kids use it for all b &w; school work . prints clear and fast .
no . the drum is part of the toner cartridge . huge improvement over my older samsung laser printer !
no it does n't . it 's just a printer .
u can only print from your computer . its not a copy machine but just a printer . its a good printer
duplexing is controlled in the printer menu that can be accessed when you print . the default is that duplexing is off .
if your asking if this printer has any objections to printing copies of the bible . my answer is `` no '' , this along with other printers will print anything that it receives from the print command . this machine makes no moral decision on what it will print or not print .
yes . works over my wifi network without a samsung app .
yes
yes , i have used hammermill app to take prints from my mobile device . ( phone and printer should be on same wifi network )
not an issue . it moves up and forward away from the wall desk .
my desk is only 20 '' deep so the varidesk hangs over a bit on the front and the back . the design of the varidesk works just fine with its weight evenly distributed . my desk , which is a `` put together yourself '' type supports the weight of my two monitors , keyboard and mouse just fine .
i havent used a clamp monitor stand , but i am using other clamp products . the top desk plate is strong enough to withstand the clamps i am using with ease . however , one thing i strongly recommend is that you get two metal plates and place them between the top clamp and the top of the desk , and another plate between the bottom dual clamps and the bottom of the desk.reason 1 : the bottom dual claps are little circles that will apply an incredible amount of pressure to just those two spots . if you place a metal plate between the circles and the bottom of the desk , you will be able to clamp tighter without beginning to crack the wood of the desk.reason 2 : a metal plate will dispurse the force of the clamps to a wider area across the desk , therefore you leave less of a mark on the desk , possibly even no mark.reason 3 : the monitors will be more stable . less shaking , wobbling , or any other movement . again , a tighter clamp means a tighter grip , which will better prevent movement . with only the two little circle clamps sustaining the weight of the monitor and laptop , you are bound to get some motion , but using the metal plates will minimize such movement.i reccommend using a steel plate ( or stronger ) at least 2.0 mm in thickness . home depot sells a wide variety of thicknesses and sizes . chances are the plates will be silver in color , and since the desk is black , you may wnat to paint the plates before using them . engine paint ( spray paint can ) is always a good option , it is durable , easy to apply , and looks professional when dry.good luck ! i havent used a clamp monitor stand , but i am using other clamp products . the top desk plate is strong enough to withstand the clamps i am using with ease . however , one thing i strongly recommend is that you get two metal plates and place them between the top clamp and the top of the desk , and another plate between the bottom dual clamps and the bottom of the desk.reason 1 : the bottom dual claps are little circles that will apply an incredible amount of pressure to just those two spots . if you place a metal plate between the circles and the bottom of the desk , you ... » read more i havent used a clamp monitor stand , but i am using other clamp products . the top desk plate is strong enough to withstand the clamps i am using with ease . however , one thing i strongly recommend is that you get two metal plates and place them between the top clamp and the top of the desk , and another plate between the bottom dual clamps and the bottom of the desk.reason 1 : the bottom dual claps are little circles that will apply an incredible amount of pressure to just those two spots . if you place a metal plate between the circles and the bottom of the desk , you will be able to clamp tighter without beginning to crack the wood of the desk.reason 2 : a metal plate will dispurse the force of the clamps to a wider area across the desk , therefore you leave less of a mark on the desk , possibly even no mark.reason 3 : the monitors will be more stable . less shaking , wobbling , or any other movement . again , a tighter clamp means a tighter grip , which will better prevent movement . with only the two little circle clamps sustaining the weight of the monitor and laptop , you are bound to get some motion , but using the metal plates will minimize such movement.i reccommend using a steel plate ( or stronger ) at least 2.0 mm in thickness . home depot sells a wide variety of thicknesses and sizes . chances are the plates will be silver in color , and since the desk is black , you may wnat to paint the plates before using them . engine paint ( spray paint can ) is always a good option , it is durable , easy to apply , and looks professional when dry.good luck ! « show less
12 inches in the middle . the left and right wings are each 20 inhes
i have the pro plus , and the keyboard tray has a wide front section closer to the user and narrower deep section in the middle . the deep section roughly lines up with a cut-out in the top surface where your monitor sits . the front section is about 35 inches wide and 6 1 4 inches deep . the deeper section is about 14 1 2 inches deep and 20 inches wide . plenty of room for a full-size keyboard . if the trackpad is separate , it would need to be no more than 6 1 4 inches deep . i set an apple track pad there , and it fit quite comfortably .
i have the pro plus and just measured the base - from end to end it is 24 '' . it might be possible to squeeze it on your desk that is 19 '' deep because the base has two solid `` legs '' but i 'd worry about the potential for tilt or being unbalanced . i suppose that if you had a method to attach it that it would be fine ( think sticky tape not necessarily screws ) . i really like my varidesk and am enjoying it more every day .
definitely . my two 27s fit fine .
my desk is 21 '' wide and it fits . the varidesk sits on two full width bars . on my desk , the bar overhangs the desk by 5 '' which is not a problem , since that is the width of the part of the varidesk that support the keyboard , which should probably overhand the desk . the part of the bars that overhangs contains rubbers buffers to protect the desk surface , so if maintaining a pristine surface is important , you should find thin , 2 '' rubber pads to put under the front of the bars . three other things you should know : the varidesk is much larger than it looks in the pictures ; it is very heavy ( but elevates easily ) ; and you 'll probably need longer cables for your monitor , speakers and usb hubs , if any . my desk is 21 '' wide and it fits . the varidesk sits on two full width bars . on my desk , the bar overhangs the desk by 5 '' which is not a problem , since that is the width of the part of the varidesk that support the keyboard , which should probably overhand the desk . the part of the bars that overhangs contains rubbers buffers to protect the desk surface , so if maintaining a pristine surface is important , you should find thin , 2 '' rubber pads to put under the front of the bars . three other things you should know : the varidesk is much larger than it looks in the pictures ; it is ... » read more my desk is 21 '' wide and it fits . the varidesk sits on two full width bars . on my desk , the bar overhangs the desk by 5 '' which is not a problem , since that is the width of the part of the varidesk that support the keyboard , which should probably overhand the desk . the part of the bars that overhangs contains rubbers buffers to protect the desk surface , so if maintaining a pristine surface is important , you should find thin , 2 '' rubber pads to put under the front of the bars . three other things you should know : the varidesk is much larger than it looks in the pictures ; it is very heavy ( but elevates easily ) ; and you 'll probably need longer cables for your monitor , speakers and usb hubs , if any . « show less
it comes with a starter cartridge , which is supposed to last half the time of the real cartridge or about 500 text pages at 5 % black coverage . the box contains the printer , the power cable , and a cd with windows and linux drivers and a manual . it does not contain an usb printer cable .
no it is not wireless
http : www.usa.canon.com cusa consumer products printers_multifunction laser_printers imageclass_lbp6200d # driversandsoftwarethere are several versions of drivers for mac os , from the newest mavericks all the way back to mac os 8 ! once you have the drivers installed ( your mac may do it for you automatically ) , you can print to this printer.and yes , i am answering this question from experience .
9 3 8 '' tall , 15 '' wide , 12 `` deep not counting the paper feed tray that folds out but including a tab that sticks out at the front . the unfolded out feed tray adds another approx . 5 '' to the front .
yes , connects via usb cable . usb cable not included
with a ac converter you can do anything
i 'm having the same problem and also posted the question to amazon .
yes . this scanner accepts mounted slides .
are the slides you 're scanning all of the same clarity ; the scan can only be as good as the initial product ? i first had a faulty device ( a circle image consistently on every scan ) and the supplier sent a new one . very pleased with the scanning quality by the replacement .
they do not go into the computer as negatives but actual digital pictures ready to print or save . it can also do the same for negatives . i have completed over 1000 slides and negatives of old family outing etc with no problem . only prob is you can only do 4 at a time , but well worth it .
i believe so , but until now we have just loaded pictures on an s-chip which inserts into the scanner ( upside down ) , and then inserted it into the mac . the pictures download into the mac in this way without a problem
yes , you can see the image as soon as you slide the negative or the slide into the scanner , you do n't need to hit the scan button . as a matter of fact whenever i want to record a high resolution image , i use this scanner just to preview and select the images i will scan later on using a high end scanner .
i used it on windows 8 .
hi , the best way to use this is to use a sandisk . i have a 32 gb sdhc chip that goes ( upside-down ) into the back of the scanner , and then you can stick the chip into either the mac or pc . works well for us .
yes , it will
i have a mac and it probably has something wrong with it so it would not read the cd-rom . i set it up online . i am a real estate agent -- this machine is worth it 's weight in gold for me . handles 40 page contracts , scans beautifully and fast , prints amazing brochures ! very happy !
i have been quite happy with the photo scanning . of course the final result will be determined by the matrix and a high quality scan can create huge file depending on the image size .
yes it can . be sure to use the rear paper feed . using the main paper trays could result in labels peeing off inside the printer .
or you could take the install cd and a flash drive to a computer with a cd drive . copy the install disc contents to the flash drive . if you can do so , make the flash drive bootable ; if not , just open the flash drive and run the .exe file .
we have had excellent results ! i think you will be impressed .
according to the most recent ( fall 2014 ) tests by consumer reports , this printer used $ 5.60 per month in the testing and had extremely low maintenance consumption . when one color runs out you can still print . see my long answer at top of q & as . ; have been unable to find recent pages-per-cartridge test results .
yes - hi-speed usb 2.0 - i use a usb cable to hook to my ancient hp desk top -
it does and they hold up well in printing .
i do not know the highest weight of the paper this printer can print , but i think it will print on the paper you thinking of.to do the test i folded 13 '' x19 '' , 51lb 192g m2=10.3 mil matte paper , and glued with spray adhesive , and ironed to make it dry and stiff.i fed this 9.5 '' x13 '' paper of 102lb 384g m2=20.6 mil paper to rear slot , and noticed paper will go through the printer , and when i printed a photo , it printed without problem . but i do n't think this printer handle the thick paper from the cassette , you have to feed from rear slot one by one .
it not only has auto feed , it can print and scan on both sides when using the top load auto feed .
it is certainly compatible with your mac . not sure on google cloud point but i would assume so ... you can also use the epson connect app software as well . this printer is most certainly top of the line and i 'm sure can do anything you need it to ...
ink type : durabrite® ultra pigment ink ( smudge , fade and water resistant ) ink palette : cyan , magenta , yellow and blackink cartridge configuration : 4 individual ink cartridgesfade resistance print longevity : up to 118 years2replacement ink cartridges:252 standard-capacity black , cyan , magenta , yellow3252xl high-capacity black , cyan , magenta , yellow3254xl extra high-capacity black3ink yield information : epson provides ink cartridge yields based on the iso iec 24711 and 24712 standard for inkjet products , which excludes the first installed cartridges.standard-capacity black ( t252120 ) : about 350 pagesstandard-capacity cyan , magenta , and yellow ( t252220 , t252320 , t252420 ) : about 300 pages per colorhigh-capacity black ( t252xl120 ) : about 1100 pageshigh-capacity cyan , magenta , and yellow ( t252xl220 , t252xl320 , t252xl420 ) : about 1100 pages per colorextra high-capacity black ( t254xl120 ) : about 2200 pages ink type : durabrite® ultra pigment ink ( smudge , fade and water resistant ) ink palette : cyan , magenta , yellow and blackink cartridge configuration : 4 individual ink cartridgesfade resistance print longevity : up to 118 years2replacement ink cartridges:252 standard-capacity black , cyan , magenta , yellow3252xl high-capacity black , cyan , magenta , yellow3254xl extra high-capacity black3ink yield information : epson provides ink cartridge yields based on the iso iec 24711 and 24712 standard for inkjet products , which ... » read more ink type : durabrite® ultra pigment ink ( smudge , fade and water resistant ) ink palette : cyan , magenta , yellow and blackink cartridge configuration : 4 individual ink cartridgesfade resistance print longevity : up to 118 years2replacement ink cartridges:252 standard-capacity black , cyan , magenta , yellow3252xl high-capacity black , cyan , magenta , yellow3254xl extra high-capacity black3ink yield information : epson provides ink cartridge yields based on the iso iec 24711 and 24712 standard for inkjet products , which excludes the first installed cartridges.standard-capacity black ( t252120 ) : about 350 pagesstandard-capacity cyan , magenta , and yellow ( t252220 , t252320 , t252420 ) : about 300 pages per colorhigh-capacity black ( t252xl120 ) : about 1100 pageshigh-capacity cyan , magenta , and yellow ( t252xl220 , t252xl320 , t252xl420 ) : about 1100 pages per colorextra high-capacity black ( t254xl120 ) : about 2200 pages « show less
without tray extended ... i measure 20 '' front to back , 23 '' left to right , 13 '' high .
yes , the max size is 13 '' x19 ''
1200 dpi
yes . four cartridges . the black one is available in 3 capacities sizes .
yes - windows 8.x ; also windows xp professional x64 edition & windows xp sp3 ; windows 7 & windows vista ;
$ 40 for the package of 3 colors , black ink is not sell it on a package of other colors ; black ink cost from $ 15 to $ 20 . hope this help you , have a great day .
yes , you can . from the printer touchscreen display you can select a memory device such as a flash drive , or the computer , or the cloud . from the epson scan utility on your computer you can select a usb drive if it 's already connected to your computer .
no 11x14 is not supported by this model . paper sizes supported are : 3.5 '' x 5 '' ; 4 '' x 6 '' ; 5 '' x 7 '' ; 8 '' x 10 '' ; 8.5 '' x 11 '' ; 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; a4 ; a6 ; half letter ; executive ; user definable ( 3.5 '' - 47.2 '' in length ) also - pc-free paper support : plain : letter , legal , a4photo : letter , a4 , 8 '' x 10 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 4 '' x 6 '' paper sizes : 3.5 '' x 5 '' ; 4 '' x 6 '' ; 5 '' x 7 '' ; 8 '' x 10 '' ; 8.5 '' x 11 '' ; 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; a4 ; a6 ; half letter ; executive ; user definable ( 3.5 '' - 47.2 '' in length ) maximum paper size : 8.5 '' x 47.2 '' borderless sizes : 3.5 '' x 5 '' ; 4 '' x 6 '' ; 5 '' x 7 '' ; 8 '' x 10 '' ; 8.5 '' x 11 '' ; a4 ; paper types : plain paper ; epson bright white paper ; epson presentation paper matte ; epson premium presentation paper matte ; epson premium presentation paper matte double-sided ; epson premium photo paper glossy ; epson ultra premium photo paper glossy ; epson premium photo paper semi-gloss ; envelope types : no . 10 ; plain paper , bond paper , air mail.input paper capacity : 500 sheets plain paper ( 250 sheets plain paper x 2 trays ) 10 envelopes , 20 sheets photo paperrear feed : 1 sheet no 11x14 is not supported by this model . paper sizes supported are : 3.5 '' x 5 '' ; 4 '' x 6 '' ; 5 '' x 7 '' ; 8 '' x 10 '' ; 8.5 '' x 11 '' ; 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; a4 ; a6 ; half letter ; executive ; user definable ( 3.5 '' - 47.2 '' in length ) also - pc-free paper support : plain : letter , legal , a4photo : letter , a4 , 8 '' x 10 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 4 '' x 6 '' paper sizes : 3.5 '' x 5 '' ; 4 '' x 6 '' ; 5 '' x 7 '' ; 8 '' x 10 '' ; 8.5 '' x 11 '' ; 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; a4 ; a6 ; half letter ; ... » read more no 11x14 is not supported by this model . paper sizes supported are : 3.5 '' x 5 '' ; 4 '' x 6 '' ; 5 '' x 7 '' ; 8 '' x 10 '' ; 8.5 '' x 11 '' ; 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; a4 ; a6 ; half letter ; executive ; user definable ( 3.5 '' - 47.2 '' in length ) also - pc-free paper support : plain : letter , legal , a4photo : letter , a4 , 8 '' x 10 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 4 '' x 6 '' paper sizes : 3.5 '' x 5 '' ; 4 '' x 6 '' ; 5 '' x 7 '' ; 8 '' x 10 '' ; 8.5 '' x 11 '' ; 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; a4 ; a6 ; half letter ; executive ; user definable ( 3.5 '' - 47.2 '' in length ) maximum paper size : 8.5 '' x 47.2 '' borderless sizes : 3.5 '' x 5 '' ; 4 '' x 6 '' ; 5 '' x 7 '' ; 8 '' x 10 '' ; 8.5 '' x 11 '' ; a4 ; paper types : plain paper ; epson bright white paper ; epson presentation paper matte ; epson premium presentation paper matte ; epson premium presentation paper matte double-sided ; epson premium photo paper glossy ; epson ultra premium photo paper glossy ; epson premium photo paper semi-gloss ; envelope types : no . 10 ; plain paper , bond paper , air mail.input paper capacity : 500 sheets plain paper ( 250 sheets plain paper x 2 trays ) 10 envelopes , 20 sheets photo paperrear feed : 1 sheet « show less
that 's the epson claim - as good or better than laser ... there are three reasons to purchase laser printers : 1 ) it can print text of any size very sharp . 2 ) the toner is bonded permanently to paper and thus will never smudge ... 3 ) it 's great for professional work papers and professional-looking letterhead , auto-fed envelopes , etc.epson 's new ink-depositing system technology provides two things to try and match lasers ... 1 ) ink droplets of 1 picoliter or smaller ( for sharp text ) and 2 ) a new ink formulation heat-bonder to provide relatively good smudge resistance.does this mean `` performance beyond laser '' ... in the `` real world , '' it 's pretty darn close to laser , but our lexmark color laser with true 1200 x 1200 dots-per-inch print quality still provides more accurate ( thus sharper ) fonts text and more accurate color prints , and it 's prints do n't smudge or run after being fully soaked in water ... however , our laser cost 6 times what this epson does - so for the price - epson 's wf-3640 comes really close to laser quality and has lots of features , like printing from ipads and e-mail-to-direct print . we already use the epson more than our lexmarkprimarily because it 's much faster and just about as good . now , that 's pretty darn telling for `` real world '' and `` beyond laser '' . that 's the epson claim - as good or better than laser ... there are three reasons to purchase laser printers : 1 ) it can print text of any size very sharp . 2 ) the toner is bonded permanently to paper and thus will never smudge ... 3 ) it 's great for professional work papers and professional-looking letterhead , auto-fed envelopes , etc.epson 's new ink-depositing system technology provides two things to try and match lasers ... 1 ) ink droplets of 1 picoliter or smaller ( for sharp text ) and 2 ) a new ink formulation heat-bonder to provide relatively good smudge ... » read more that 's the epson claim - as good or better than laser ... there are three reasons to purchase laser printers : 1 ) it can print text of any size very sharp . 2 ) the toner is bonded permanently to paper and thus will never smudge ... 3 ) it 's great for professional work papers and professional-looking letterhead , auto-fed envelopes , etc.epson 's new ink-depositing system technology provides two things to try and match lasers ... 1 ) ink droplets of 1 picoliter or smaller ( for sharp text ) and 2 ) a new ink formulation heat-bonder to provide relatively good smudge resistance.does this mean `` performance beyond laser '' ... in the `` real world , '' it 's pretty darn close to laser , but our lexmark color laser with true 1200 x 1200 dots-per-inch print quality still provides more accurate ( thus sharper ) fonts text and more accurate color prints , and it 's prints do n't smudge or run after being fully soaked in water ... however , our laser cost 6 times what this epson does - so for the price - epson 's wf-3640 comes really close to laser quality and has lots of features , like printing from ipads and e-mail-to-direct print . we already use the epson more than our lexmarkprimarily because it 's much faster and just about as good . now , that 's pretty darn telling for `` real world '' and `` beyond laser '' . « show less
it takes two passes , but the printer will suck pull it back in and re-route the paper itself . it is automatic , and it can scan both sides , but it does require the printer to make two passes to do it , unlike some adf printers which have a scan head on both sides which can scan both sides of the page in one pass . this printer is not like that , it takes two passes , but you do n't have to touch it , flip it , or re-seat the paper .
i do n't know how it does it but it says it does automatic 2 sided scanning - you do n't have to scan both sides manually .
it 's 18 '' wide . the depth depends on if you count the paper output tray and the rear input tray . with everything collapsed , it is just under 17 '' deep . with the front output tray fully extended , it 's 22 '' . with the front output tray extended , and paper in the rear input , it 's about 25 '' . it 's about 9.5 '' high with the lid shut and just over 19 '' high with the lid open .
it uses epson durabrite ultra pigment ink ( smudge , fade and water resistant ) : standard-capacity black ( t252120 ) ; standard-capacity cyan ( t252220 ) , magenta ( t252320 ) , and yellow ( t252420 ) ; high-capacity black ( t252xl120 ) ; high-capacity cyan ( t252xl220 ) , magenta ( t252xl320 ) , and yellow ( t252xl420 ) .you can see the additional ink specifications here : http : www.epson.com cgi-bin store jsp product.do ? sku=c11cd19201
yes , you can put multiple pages ( at least 2 ) in the feeder . i put a two pg document in the feeder just now and scanned them . when i scanned it as a jpeg , it saved as 2 different images ; when i scanned it as a pdf , it saved as a 2 page document . the feeder is n't really big -- i would n't put more than 10 pages on a time in it .
the boot time is very fast even when using wifi . from the time i press the power button until the printer is up and running and connected to wifi is about 20 seconds . i usually just keep the power on though , because it has an automatic power-saving function . this is a great printer !
yes . but keep in mind that you have to have at least 9 inches clearance behind the printer to open back door .
as far as i can tell , after looking through all the printing options , the answer is 'no ' . at least not on standard size paper ( 8.5 by 11 ) . perhaps there could be some trick to doing it with smaller size papers , but i sincerely doubt it .
the printer collates by document : it prints an entire document before it prints the second copy of the document . it does not stagger the multiple copies , however , so you will have to find the end of each document by paging through the stack .
printing in black only will not use any of the other toner colors , so you can print in black and white just as with any other printer . there are also options for `` mono '' printing , so that you can print any document ( even color documents ) in only black , if you wish .
dmorgan , you are probably not out of toner . all brother mfcs ocassionally either fail to reset or prematurely indicate that they are out of toner ( even when using brother oem toner ) . we are the # 1 brother dealer in orange county , ca , and run into this problem all the time . while we have n't seen it happen in the new l8850cdw yet , the toner reset instructions will probably be the same as for the previous 9970cdw : http : occopytech.com images brother % 20color % 20mfc % 20toner % 20reset % 20instructions.pdf since the machine is fairly new , there is n't any generic toner available yet . but probably in about 6 months it will be availble . the remanufacturer that we use is the only one in the country that remanufactures brother toners so that they do n't leak . all of the others do leak : http : occopytech.com also , make sure you go to ecology and set your machine for toner save . the copies will actually look better and the toners will last longer . also , you might set it for mono output ( black printing only ) , and then change it back to auto when you really need to do color . otherwise , you will go through the color toners rapidly . good luck . dmorgan , you are probably not out of toner . all brother mfcs ocassionally either fail to reset or prematurely indicate that they are out of toner ( even when using brother oem toner ) . we are the # 1 brother dealer in orange county , ca , and run into this problem all the time . while we have n't seen it happen in the new l8850cdw yet , the toner reset instructions will probably be the same as for the previous 9970cdw : http : occopytech.com images brother % 20color % 20mfc % 20toner % 20reset % 20instructions.pdf since the machine is fairly new , there is n't any generic toner available yet . but ... » read more dmorgan , you are probably not out of toner . all brother mfcs ocassionally either fail to reset or prematurely indicate that they are out of toner ( even when using brother oem toner ) . we are the # 1 brother dealer in orange county , ca , and run into this problem all the time . while we have n't seen it happen in the new l8850cdw yet , the toner reset instructions will probably be the same as for the previous 9970cdw : http : occopytech.com images brother % 20color % 20mfc % 20toner % 20reset % 20instructions.pdf since the machine is fairly new , there is n't any generic toner available yet . but probably in about 6 months it will be availble . the remanufacturer that we use is the only one in the country that remanufactures brother toners so that they do n't leak . all of the others do leak : http : occopytech.com also , make sure you go to ecology and set your machine for toner save . the copies will actually look better and the toners will last longer . also , you might set it for mono output ( black printing only ) , and then change it back to auto when you really need to do color . otherwise , you will go through the color toners rapidly . good luck . « show less
starter toner . they lasted about 2 weeks in our cad department vs. the 2 months for high yield cartridges
at base the printer is 19.0 deep , 16.0 wide .
the color prints were actually quite good . we shipped it straight to a conference we were hosting and printed a lot of stuff within a week . it held up great , and the comments i got from the team were that they were very happy with it .
it does for me
yes it does .
the directory can hold 50 numbers .
you could if you wanted
yes , if you allow it . you can program if off . i did . it announces as your directory list is stored . could be annoying .
standard bluetooth distance ( that is up to about 30 feet ) , but i would not leave the cell phone farther than 5 ft from the base unit , like all bluetooth devices the distance is drastically reduced by walls and other interference between the bluetooth connected devices
