scholastic teacher 's friend classroom tree ! bulletin board ( tf3084 ) . large , bare tree that measures 47 wide and is adjustable from 41 to 65 tall . the display comes complete with 32 spring green leaves and 32 autumn leaves .
scholastic file organizer pocket chart ( tf5104 ) . pocket chart features 10 sturdy pockets that fit letter-size folders . perfect for organizing student files , file-folder games , forms , and other paperwork .
daily schedule pocket chart . durable nylon chart with see-through pockets makes it easy to organize the day 's activities . complete kit comes with subject cards , blank schedule cards ready to be filled in by you and a convenient title card . makes it fun and easy to keep organized-and allows an easy way for students to keep track of their daily schedule . also includes an activity guide . full-color photo cards include 10 subject cards , 5 blank cards , and 1 title card . also includes a 2-page activity guide .
safavid storage box . the safavid storage box portrays a beautifully hand tooled and gilded traditional persian design . this accordion style expandable file wallet contains 12 build-in dividers and customizable reference tabs with matching labels .
carnet paperblanks modle nocturnelle ultra 180x230mm - lign . this nocturnelle ultra is black with gold lining in an ornate patterned design . paperblanks writing diaries are one of the most unique , unusual , and earth friendly available . this british publisher understands how to combine exquisite craftsmanship with environmental commitment . the acid-free paper is made with only certified sustainable forest pulp . the binder boards are european-made with 100 % recycled paper . the company that creates these vintage looking diaries is paying a self-imposed company carbon tax proportional to the ghg releases . i could go on about their merits but what is really amazing is that these writing diaries looks too good to be made out of eco friendly materials .
blush pink - paperblanks 2014 weekly planner ( midi 5 x 7 horizontal ) . the beautiful pattern for this calendar is exactingly printed to recreate this gold floral look . a perfect planner for those on a school calendar ! features include a removable mini address book , extra note pages , a memento pouch and two ribbon markers . paperblanks , the company that makes these beautiful planners , is committed to lowering their environmental impact . all the pages in the planner are 100 % acid-free and are made from sustainable forests .
essential medium blank journal-black . piccadilly essential notebook , medium , plain , 240 pages with inner pocket , acid free paper , elastic band for page saving .
bookman electronic bible-kjv . spend more time reading and less time searching for your favorite passage ! spend more time reading your favorite passage rather than searching for it ! the kjv-450 features the complete old and new testaments of the king james version bible . daily devotional verses provide inspiration ; find your favorite passages instantly with advanced search capability . search and retrieve by book , chapter , verse or keywords . access the old and new testaments anytime , anywhere ! daily devotional verses provide instant inspiration index of book , chapter , chapter title and verse search and retrieve by book , chapter , verse or keywords features automatic spell correction and bookmarks local world clock , calculator and 100-entry databank built in for convenience 3-line display access the old and new testaments anytime , anywhere !
carson-dellosa publishing differentiated instruction cubes . each differentiated instruction cubes can provide a group of students with up to six different problems , prompts , tasks , or questions to discuss . different groups can work with different cubes , which allows teachers to adjust the questions or tasks on each cube to best match the needs of each learner in a group . included are 3 durable fabric cubes with clear plastic pockets plus a comprehensive resource guide with cross-curricular activities . there are also templates provided for create-your-own cards .
carson-dellosa cd-158156 deluxe calendar pocket chart . help students learn about the days of the week and months of the year with this engaging pocket chart . it includes 100 cards including days of the week , months of the year , calendar cover-ups , and holidays !
orange circle studio 2014 take me with you planner , live simply ( 30512 ) . orange circle 's artistically designed take me with you planner invites you to do just that - take it with you wherever you go . the unique and perfectly portable 192-page planner features spirited , exceptional and innovative artwork that simply invites creativity and moves beyond the traditional planner . each week-per spread view features a new background design every month plus , with room to record your favorite moments of the year and post mementos , this planner is not just an organizing tool - it 's a keepsake . you can paste photos , ticket stubs , favorite quotes and stickers on the blank page in the back . the planner also includes room to list books to read , movies to see , restaurants to try and more . and , to top it all off , upbeat captions scattered throughout the planner 's pages add a delightful and individual touch . bet you ca n't wait to get started ! orange circle is a publishing company that puts thought , passion and incredible energy into every product is creates . they invite you to explore their ever-expanding line of fresh , innovative calendars , organizers and planners available on amazon .
family organizer and calender - more time moms 2014 calender - award winning deluxe organizer and wall calender . the original and best-selling family organizer was designed by moms to increase the quality of family life and to help you spend more time with your children . features include the biggest squares ? 2.125 '' x 3.375 '' ; lots of room to track important things ; a large inside back pocket ; 260 appointment and reminder stickers ; mtm recipes , inspirational quotes , moon phases and to-do lists ; telephone , emergency and medical directories ; holes to hang it half size for smaller spaces ; and it acts as a keepsake , too !
cross classic century 10kt gold-filled ballpoint pen ( 4502 ) . ballpoint pen features a 10 karat gold filled rolled gold finish on the cap and barrel . engraved lines in the barrel ensure a comfortable grip . use a smooth , fluid action twist to extend pen point . refillable pen offers patented propel repel ball pen mechanism and conical top . classic century 10 karat gold filled rolled gold ball-point pen . preferred over gold plate for its greater gold content and wearability , our 10 karat gold filled rolled gold finish on the cap and barrel of the classic century ball-point pen complements the elegant and timeless design of this american icon . an american classic-since 1946. an icon of mid-century modern design , this is the cross pen everyone knows and loves . we may have come a long way since then but this nostalgic favorite spans sixty years of poems and letters , good wishes and thank you 's .
brother pt85 p-touch home and hobby labeler . brother p-touch home and hobby electronic labeling system . creates adhesive backed non-laminated tapes for many hime , office and school uses . prints black letters on durable color tapes . uses `` m '' tapes up to 1 2 inch . prints in 9 type styles , 5 sizes and up tp 2 lines . tape cutter blade cuts cleanly and safely . the brother pt-85 is a very portable labeler that fits right in the palm of your hand . it 's easy to take anywhere and label anything ! but do n't be fooled -- small as it is , it 's packed with features . the pt-85 will print nine typestyles in five sizes . it can print up to two lines and , like its bigger brother labelers , offers text framing and underlining features . easy to use , this labeler will even shut off by itself . an easy editing system allows you to change text styles quickly . this labeler prints black letters on durable color m tapes . one black-on-white half-inch tape is included . the labeler operates on six aa batteries , not included . -- linda anderson
hp 12c financial calculator . the hp 12c financial calculator features built-in financial functions and statistics , uses reverse polish notation ( rpn ) , more than 120 built-in functions , including register-based cash-flow analysis , 10-character , 1-line lcd display , device measures 5.0 x 0.6 x 3.1 inches ( wxhxd ) .it has 10-character , 1-line lcd display . if you bought yourself a financial calculator during the 1980s , chances are it was this bad boy . nothing has changed since its introduction -- it still uses reverse polish notation ( rpn ) , is easy and versatile in programming , and has a thin , sturdy casing . certainly , there 's been newer , fancier calculators introduced since , but there 's something to be said for the quality of classics . the hp 12c 's functions include all the basics -- such as calculating apr , npv , and irr -- and statistics are a snap . for students new to financial calculators , this is an excellent place to start . for the most part , the manual reads like a minitextbook , walking you through sample problems and situations followed by graphs and tables demonstrating the technique -- and you can even check your results . the section on creating programs does seem to be written for the technically ignorant , addressing in detail how you could possibly benefit from using programs , but it 'll still help you get the job done . in general , it 's a bit slower than newer models , just like last year 's computer is n't as speedy as today 's new release . on the plus side , it 's just 3 by 5 inches and slips easily into a pocket . the bottom is printed with a few little cheat notes for common functions , which is nice for quick reference . the hp 12c 's one-year warranty and available tech-support line offer reassurance this little workhorse will continue to be an industry standard for years to come . -- jill lightner pros : cons :
texas instruments ti-1795 sv standard function calculator . the classic mini-desktop calculator for home , office , or retail with big keys and a giant superview display . key features : well-spaced keyboard with large , contoured keys for easy operation change sign ( + - ) key simplifies entry of negative numbers square root key is useful for schoolwork solar and battery powered to work anywhere angled display for easy viewing
texas instruments ti-30x iis 2-line scientific calculator , black with blue accents . the texas instruments ti-30x iis 2-line scientific calculator features two-line display and other advanced features users get with the ti-30x iis . the display shows the equation you are creating on the top line , and the numbers or symbols you are currently entering on the second line . once the equation is solved , the results are displayed on the second line , and you can use the four arrow keys on the front of the calculator to edit the original equation in any way you like for a recalculation . better still , pressing the up arrow repeatedly lets you browse through a cache of dozens of previous calculations , meaning you can look back to see the answer to a problem . the device uses solar power when possible but can fall back on the internal batteries ( which are included ) if there is n't enough light . there are three angle modes ( degrees , radians , and grads ) , scientific and engineering notation modes , and even one- or two-variable statistical modes . five variables can also be assigned to their own memory slots . the calculator comes with a snap-on cover that fits on the back of the device . key features : two-line display fraction features conversions basic scientific and trigonometric functions edit , cut , and paste entries solar and battery powered one- and two-variable statistics ideal for : general math pre-algebra algebra 1 and 2 geometry statistics general science the texas instruments ti-30x iis 2-line scientific calculator features two-line display and other advanced features users get with the ti-30x iis . the display shows the equation you are creating on the top line , and the numbers or symbols you are currently entering on the second line . once the equation is solved , the results are displayed on the second line , and you can use the four arrow keys on the front of the calculator to edit the original equation in any way you like for a recalculation . better still , pressing the up arrow repeatedly lets you browse through a cache of dozens of previous calculations , meaning you can look back to see the answer to a problem . the device uses solar power when possible but can fall back on the internal batteries ( which are included ) if there is n't enough light . there are three angle modes ( degrees , radians , and grads ) , scientific and engineering notation modes , and even one- or two-variable statistical modes . five variables can also be assigned to their own memory slots . the calculator comes with a snap-on cover that fits on the back of the device . key features : two-line display fraction features conversions basic scientific and trigonometric functions edit , cut , and paste entries solar and battery powered one- and two-variable statistics ideal for : general math pre-algebra algebra 1 and 2 geometry statistics general science
texas instruments ti-83 graphing calculator . perhaps if we 'd had this calculator in high school we would have done much better in trigonometry . the texas instruments ti-83 is an ideal unit for any math student , combining powerful features for graphing and statistical analysis . the lcd screen displays 16 characters over 8 lines . though the ti-83 's keyboard layout might seem daunting to those who 've never laid eyes on a graphic calculator before , the helpful , if intimidatingly thick , manual will get you up and running quickly . the ti-83 includes function , parametric and polar , and sequence plot modes . you can store , graph , and analyze up to 10 functions , 6 parametric and polar functions , and 3 sequence functions . the ti-83 's draw operations allow you to annotate graphs . along with the advanced math and science features , the ti-83 also includes such financial functions as cash flow , amortization , and time value of money . the included input-output cable lets you link the ti-83 with another ti-83 or a ti-82 for data sharing , and the optional ti-graph link software lets you transfer files to a pc . perhaps if we 'd had this calculator in high school we would have done much better in trigonometry . the texas instruments ti-83 is an ideal unit for any math student , combining powerful features for graphing and statistical analysis . the lcd screen displays 16 characters over 8 lines . though the ti-83 's keyboard layout might seem daunting to those who 've never laid eyes on a graphic calculator before , the helpful , if intimidatingly thick , manual will get you up and running quickly . the ti-83 includes function , parametric and polar , and sequence plot modes . you can store , graph , and analyze up to 10 functions , 6 parametric and polar functions , and 3 sequence functions . the ti-83 's draw operations allow you to annotate graphs . along with the advanced math and science features , the ti-83 also includes such financial functions as cash flow , amortization , and time value of money . the included input-output cable lets you link the ti-83 with another ti-83 or a ti-82 for data sharing , and the optional ti-graph link software lets you transfer files to a pc .
texas instruments ti-86 graphing calculator . designed with power users in mind , the ti-86 graphing calculator has all the power and functionality of the popular ti-85 but with significant enhancements aimed at students of college mathematics , engineering , and science . the ti-86 includes a function evaluation table , deep entry recall , seven different graph styles with multiple line and shading options , and slope and direction fields for differential equations . in addition , the ti-86 boasts 96 kb of user-available memory -- three times more than the ti-85 . there 's also a new function evaluation table which shows numeric output for function , polar , parametric , and differential equation modes . designed with power users in mind , the ti-86 graphing calculator has all the power and functionality of the popular ti-85 but with significant enhancements aimed at students of college mathematics , engineering , and science . the ti-86 includes a function evaluation table , deep entry recall , seven different graph styles with multiple line and shading options , and slope and direction fields for differential equations . in addition , the ti-86 boasts 96 kb of user-available memory -- three times more than the ti-85 . there 's also a new function evaluation table which shows numeric output for function , polar , parametric , and differential equation modes . the ti-86 runs with programs designed for the ti-85 and includes all the same matrix features , but with a new matrix editor that allows the user to view and edit matrices in two dimensions . you can also view multiple lists and attach formulas to those lists for automatic computations . a new aspect of the ti-86 is the ability to customize product functionality with machine language programs downloaded from ti 's web site . besides the strong graphing abilities , the ti-86 also has powerful calculus features like integration , derivatives , minimums , maximums , roots , and arcs . it also supports z80 assembly language programming . the 64 x 128 high-contrast pixel screen displays eight lines of 21 characters each plus two levels of display menus . with the ti-86 , you can link to other ti-86s and ti-85s via the input output port , and to cbls , cbrs , and computers . -- dana van nest
avery greeting cards , inkjet printers , 20 greeting cards and envelopes , 5.5 x 8.5 , folded ( 3265 ) . want to wish your friends and family a happy holiday season or invite them to a party ? ditch impersonal texts and emails and make it truly personal with these printable greeting cards . made from heavyweight printable cardstock , these blank greeting cards are scored to make folding hassle-free . indulge your creative side and use your own design to decorate your card , or select from the thousands of free templates and designs at avery.com templates to add visual pop to plain greeting cards . print out your creations on your inkjet printer and enjoy jam and smudge-free performance every time . best of all , this pack of 20 greeting cards comes with envelopes designed to perfectly fit with your cards . for expressing sweet sentiments or celebrating special occasions , nothing makes a warm and thoughtful gesture like an avery greeting card . perfect for invitations , thank you notes , moving announcements and more . come with matching envelopes .
canon e20 toner , black . designed by canon engineers and manufactured in canon facilities , genuine supplies are developed using precise specifications , so you can be confident that your canon device will produce high-quality results consistently . canon genuine toner e20 black yields approximately 2,000 pages , iso iec standard .
texas instruments ba ii plus financial calculator . texas instruments ba ii plus financial calculator for business professionals and students features are that it performs common math as well as various financial functions ; the worksheet mode includes tables for amortization , bond , depreciation , and compound interest , built-in memory for storage of previous worksheets , can perform cash-flow analysis and advanced list-based statistics and a slide-case included to protect screen . we 're definitely taking this along with us the next time we shop for a house . though it takes a little effort to master the collection of financial worksheets available on the texas instruments ba ii plus , you 'll be glad you invested the time and money in this fine financial calculator . the ba ii plus operates in standard calculator and worksheet modes . the standard mode lets you perform common math as well as operations involving the time value of money -- that is , applications such as mortgages or annuities in which payments are equal and evenly spaced . you can also perform trigonometric functions in standard mode . the more hard-core worksheet mode includes tables for amortization , bond , depreciation , and compound interest . if you 're not familiar with such calculations , the very helpful user 's manual will guide you through the process . all previous worksheet values are stored in memory , so you do n't have to retype all the bond maturity or cash flow analysis figures . the average user who wants to calculate a basic loan payment will be more comfortable working in the standard calculator mode . we were using the ba ii plus tools for calculating basic interest and payment periods within minutes . still , it 's good to know that the more advanced features are available for those who require heavy-duty financial computing . finance students and average users alike will find much to like in the texas instruments ba ii plus . -- john frederick moore
brother fax275 personal fax and telephone . the fax-275 features easy to read 16-digit lcd display and on-screen programming , the anti-curl system ( acs ) , an automatic paper cutter , a 10-page auto document feeder and it is caller id and distinctive ring detection ready . it also features convenient copying of up to 10 originals at one time , a 98 ' paper roll capacity , an answering machine interface and 25 station auto dialing , along with polling and delayed transmission as well as next fax reservation . the brother international fax275 personal fax and phone combines all the features you would want in a home fax machine with a functional , convenient phone . features include an automatic paper cutter , 10-page automatic document feeder , and 25-station automatic dialing . an automatic fax-phone switch lets you receive fax and voice calls on a single phone line , and the machine supports caller id and distinctive ring . in order to avoid curling faxes , the brother international fax275 uses thermaplus paper . also featured are a 64-shade grayscale , 16-digit lcd display , a phone index to look up stored numbers alphabetically , external answering machine interface , automatic redial , polling , and delayed transmission . the brother international fax275 includes a starter roll of thermaplus paper and a 90-day warranty .
hp 23 tri-color original ink cartridge ( c1823d ) . hp 23 tri-color original ink cartridge ( c1823d ) . hp 23 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet 1120 , 815 , 830 , 832. hp officejet pro 1170 , 1175. hp officejet r40 , r45 , r60 , r65 , r80 , t45 , t65 . cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 620 pages . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 23 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 23 ink cartridge ( c1823d ) color : tri-color .
hp 4461199 15 black original ink cartridge ( c6615dn ) . original hp 15 ink cartridge ( c6615dn ) works with : hp deskjet 3820 , 5550 , 5650 , 5850 , 841 , 842 , 920 , 940 , 955. hp officejet v40 . hp photosmart 7260 , 7350. hp psc 750 , 950.the hp 15 black ink cartridge is ideal for home users who want high-quality , long-lasting printouts . get up to twice as many pages vs. with refills . based on a buyers laboratory inc. 2014 study commissioned by hp for the on-average performance of cartridges refilled and remanufactured compared to original hp ink cartridges the hp c6615dn black print cartridge delivers quality print on a variety of paper and film . compatible with the hp deskjet 810c and 812c , this cartridge provides dense , fade-resistant printouts at a low cost per page . the hp c6615dn yields approximately 495 pages per cartridge . the container is recyclable .
epson s041257 premium matte presentation paper , 45 lbs. , 8-1 2 x 11 ( pack of 50 sheets ) . perfect for non-glare photographs , craft projects and signage . resists fading up to 72 years . guaranteed to work with all inkjet printers . form type : n a ; global product type : office paper ; paper type : presentation ; sheet size ( w x h ) : 8 1 2 in x 11 in . epson 's s041257 heavyweight matte paper is ideal for printing , enlarging , and framing matte-finish photographs . designed for epson stylus color , photo , and scan series printers , each package contains 50 warp-proof 8.5-by-11-inch letter-size sheets .
scotch self-sealing laminating pouches , gloss finish , 2.5 inches x 3.5 inches , 5 pouches ( pl903g ) . instant lamination without a machine . nonglare finish . photo-safe acid-free permanent protection . length : 3 15 16 in width : 2 15 16 in for use with : n a thickness gauge : 9.5 mil.unit of measure : pack
casio fx-115ms plus sr scientific calculator . scientific calculatorfx-115msplus is a scientific calculator with 2 display lines , displaying 10 characters , with 9 mb memory , with slide-on hard case and center dial . supplier does not accept returns . you must contact the manufacturer . for math and science students at all levels , and for any home or office that needs algebraic computations from time to time , casio has created the fx-115w plus two-line display scientific calculator . an indispensable tool for students from high school onward , in lab classes , and for exams , the fx-115w plus features a two-line display , complex number calculations , and an algebraic mode that displays the example precisely as written . it 's useful in the household or office for calculating finances , converting cooking measurements , and anything else you think of when you wish you had a calculator at hand . the clear , readable , two-line display exhibits 10 digits in large numerals , showing the problem and answer together and permitting better tracking of your equation-solving process . you can also call upon 279 built-in mathematical functions , many complete with engineering symbols , for a variety of tasks , including calculations in base conversions , logical operations , and standard deviation and regression analysis . plus , you can key in and program formulas to save for future use . the fx-115w plus provides one independent and six constant memory keys . it has a pragmatic key layout , making this an easy-to-use basic scientific calculator offering the functions you 'll need in a solidly constructed unit . -- barbara price
casio sl-200te solar dualleaf pocket calculator . casio sl200te handheld foldable pocket calculator , 8-digit lcd with fold-over closure , the slim , streamlined profile of the casio sl-200te solar dual-leaf pocket calculator makes it an ideal traveler . just toss it in the glove compartment or slip it in a pocket for calculations everywhere you want them . it 's an indispensable tool for students , households , and offices for quick math calculations , figuring finances , converting cooking measurements , and tracking the grocery bill at the supermarket -- anything you can think of when you wish you had a calculator at hand . the sl-200te makes an ideal extra calculator , and since it 's solar powered , it 's always at the ready . ultraslim at just 0.25 by 4.3 by 5.5 inches , this casio slips into a portfolio , knapsack , or purse for computations anywhere you travel . independent memory assures consistent reckoning . it has several special functions keys , including markup and markdown , square root , constants for + , - , x , and , and a one-touch percentage key . with three-digit comma markers , it 's easier to read longer numbers at a glance . the large , readable eight-digit display is not sacrificed in the case 's smaller size . great for travelers , for tax and currency exchange , and for use in the kitchen , classroom , or office , the casio sl-200te solar calculator is affordable enough to have one in each room . solar power provides constant service , and the backup battery assures you 'll always have power in low-light situations and whenever you need it . -- barbara price
brother gx-6750 daisy wheel electric typewriter . pthe gx-6750 is an entry-level portable daisywheel typewriter . its features include the perfect type , professional touch keyboard , automatic correction system including word-out and a 65 character lift-off memory , automatic underling , bold printing , right margin flush and view mode . it has a variable 10 12 pitch typing selector , caps lock , line indent and automatic paper insertion . p
brother ml-100 daisy wheel electronic typewriter - retail packaging . portable and easy to use , the brother ml-100 daisy wheel electronic typewriter is ideal for any person who thrives on timesaving dependability . this entry-level typewriter from brother 's ml series comes with such essential automatic features as automatic paper insertion to properly insert each page to a uniform 1-inch top margin and the automatic word-out correction system to erase mistakes with one simple stroke of a key . brother 's perfectype professional touch keyboard helps to provide increased accuracy and typing speed with its unique design . essential to any professional typewriter , all brother ml series computers include the standard u.s. english and international daisy wheels . with the ml100 , you are able to easily access the international characters necessary for typing in a number of languages including english , spanish , french , and portuguese . additional keyboard settings allow you to choose the proper character set for specific international characters . the brother ml-100 comes with superscript and subscript typing , one-touch tab , 65-character correction memory with an automatic relocation feature , and a one-year warranty . the brother ml-100 offers a sensible solution for users who need a reliable , take-anywhere typewriter for home , school , or the office . portable and easy to use , the brother ml-100 daisy wheel electronic typewriter is ideal for any person who thrives on timesaving dependability . this entry-level typewriter from brother 's ml series comes with such essential automatic features as automatic paper insertion to properly insert each page to a uniform 1-inch top margin and the automatic word-out correction system to erase mistakes with one simple stroke of a key . brother 's perfectype professional touch keyboard helps to provide increased accuracy and typing speed with its unique design . essential to any professional typewriter , all brother ml series computers include the standard u.s. english and international daisy wheels . with the ml100 , you are able to easily access the international characters necessary for typing in a number of languages including english , spanish , french , and portuguese . additional keyboard settings allow you to choose the proper character set for specific international characters . the brother ml-100 comes with superscript and subscript typing , one-touch tab , 65-character correction memory with an automatic relocation feature , and a one-year warranty . the brother ml-100 offers a sensible solution for users who need a reliable , take-anywhere typewriter for home , school , or the office .
brother ml-300 electronic display typewriter - retail packaging . ml-300 daisywheel electronic dictionary typewriter is the mid-level portable typewriter . the 78,000-word , built-in dictionary encourages letter-perfect spelling . unique features include its international keyboard , bonus international daisy wheel and the perfective professional-touch keyboard . typewriter offers easy access to the characters necessary for typing in a number of languages , including english , spanish and french . design also includes a 16-character lcd ; 12.87 '' carriage ; 9 '' typing width ; and 10 , 12 , 15 pitch typing ( pica , elite , micron ) . typewriter uses brother 1030 correctable ribbon . if you need a typewriter with an international keyboard and a 78,000-word english dictionary , consider the brother ml-300 . it includes an interchangeable cassette daisy wheel that is easy to install and allows you to type using english , spanish , french , or portuguese characters . plus , a 16-character lcd allows you to find and correct errors quickly . the ml-300 provides many automatic time-saving features and allows you to type at a speed of up to 12 characters per second . its automatic paper insertion ensures that each page is positioned exactly one inch from the top margin . it includes automatic centering , underlining , bold printing , and right margin flush . you can easily erase a word or an entire line with just the touch of a key using the automatic correction system . its one-line correction memory with automatic relocation makes using the ml-300 almost like using a word processor . the ml-300 supports superscripts and subscripts , one-touch tab set and clear , selectable line spacing , and framing capabilities to outline specific areas of the page . the sleek design includes a paper support that doubles as a lid cover and a carrying handle for convenient portability . what 's in the boxgx-6750 typewriter , keyboard cover paper support , ac power cord , daisy wheel , ribbon , correction tape , instruction manual , warranty card
3m 110-3m scotch 110- indoor mounting tape , 1 2-inch x 75-inches , white , 1-roll ( 110 ) . 3m 110-3m scotch 110- indoor mounting tape , 1 2-inch x 75-inches , white , 1-roll ( 110 ) double-coated foam tape adheres and conforms to a variety of surfaces .
3m 114 dc 5555 55 , 1 x 50-inches , white . safer and more versatile than screws and nails , this general purpose foam tape is designed for attaching items up to two pounds to virtually any smooth wall or surface . not recommended for brick , concrete , or exterior use double-coated foam tape adheres and conforms to a variety of surfaces .
3m scotch 4011 exterior mounting tape , 1 in x 60 in . weather-resistant , holds securely to indoor or outdoor surfaces such as stucco and brick . super strong , holds onto virtually any surface . global product type , mounting tape , hanger hook type , n a , holds , up to 5 lbs. , permanent removable repositionable , permanent .
kensington insight priorty puck document holder ( 62061b ) . the insight priority puck is the only desktop copyholder to provide multiple ( 5 ) tiered slots in which to store reference lists and source documents , keeping them at a comfortable viewing angle . allows desktop and task organization . keep your important docs top of mind , and keep them out of desktop piles where they can easily get lost . priority puck document holder prioritizes tasks and positions source documents at eye level . desktop copyholder provides multiple ( five ) tiered slots where you can store reference lists and source documents , keeping them at a comfortable angle .
avery matte frosted clear address labels for inkjet printers , 1 '' x 2-5 8 '' , 300 labels ( 18660 ) . do your envelopes and packages need a shot of sophistication ? this pack of 300 avery matte clear address labels is the clear solution to sprucing up plain mailing and packaging . the frosted matte clear address labels virtually disappear when applied to white , light-colored , or textured paper and frosted glass , making them perfect for special occasion mailings , clear envelopes , party favors and more . the frosted labels give a uniform , printed-on look to glassine bags and vellum envelopes . these clear label stickers are also excellent for lending a sleek printed-on look to white plastic bottles and glass jars so they are perfect for product labels . ultrahold permanent adhesive ensures these clear address labels stick and stay without curling , peeling or falling off . a patented easy peel design makes these envelope stickers easy to peel and quick to apply . just bend the label sheet , peel off your labels and fold the sheet back to flat . easily add your personal touch with thousands of free templates and designs at avery.com templates . optimized for inkjet printers . these avery mailing labels make it simple to adorn your envelopes , invitations , and product packaging with everyday elegance . watch these fast-peeling labels virtually disappear on envelopes -- giving your mailing a clean , printed-on look . designed for exceptionally fast and convenient peeling , avery patented easy peel label sheets come with the pop-up edge -- just bend the sheet , pop up the label edges , and peel . pop-up edge for fast peeling addressing envelopes is a snap with the pop-up edge . simply bend the label sheet to pop up the label edges for fast and easy peeling . special occasions where you want to impress when addressing envelopes for special occasions such as weddings and holidays , or making a good first impression , avery clear easy peel address labels are the clear choice . transparent for a clean printed-on look the transparent labels virtually disappear when applied to surfaces for a custom look every time . a must-have for any busy home or office , avery clear address labels work for a variety of applications : the labels work with a variety of printer types and come in several labels-per-sheet options to accommodate the project at hand . printer options : available for inkjet , laser , copier , and color b & w laser labels per sheet : choose the number of labels per sheet that 's right for the job : avery offers free template solutions to make it easy for you to customize and print your avery labels . learn more at avery.com templates find box tops for education coupons on selected avery products . coupons can be redeemed by your participating school for cash . learn more
dymo authentic lw return address labels for labelwriter label printers , white , 3 4 '' x 2 '' ,1 roll of 500 . tops adams write 'n stick spiral message pad , 200 carbonless duplicate sets per pad , 5.25 x 11 inches , white yellow ( sc1153ws ) . we take great pride in enabling people to realize their full potential . that 's because we are dedicated to going beyond the essentials to better serve you , ultimately creating a stronger community .
avery printable note cards , inkjet printers , 60 cards and envelopes , 4.25 x 5.5 , heavyweight ( 8315 ) , white . avery note cards make it so easy to create your own personalized greeting cards , party invitations , and business marketing collateral that youll wonder why you havent been doing it all along . constructed from heavyweight cardstock , these premium white note cards are excellent for creating diy greeting cards , birthday gift cards , wedding invitation cards , party announcements or even special event invites for your office or small business . micro-perforated and scored , these smooth-edged note cards are easy to separate and fold . let your creativity flow freely by personalizing each note card with your own design , or choose from the thousands of free templates and designs at avery.com templates . these 4.25 x 5.5 note cards are optimized for inkjet printers for smooth , jam-free performance every time . for added value , a set of 60 envelopes is also included with each pack . make all your personal events , special occasions and business marketing cards distinctive and impactful with these customizable note cards . sending personalized greetings and promotions for special events is easy with avery 8315 inkjet note cards and envelopes . these cards are designed to feed easily through popular inkjet printers for hassle-free creation . with do-it-yourself cards , you never come up one card short or get stuck printing way more than you actually need . two-sided printing lets you include extra information . and since these cards are made from textured , heavyweight card stock , your finished products will be sure to have a professional look and feel . free blank and predesigned templates are available on avery.com to help you start designing cards for holidays , special events , and everyday greetings , or you can start from scratch using your favorite creative software . unique logos , specialized text , and photos printed on these high-quality cards give your personal and professional correspondance a unique touch that family , friends , and future clients will take note of . what 's in the box 60 textured heavyweight 4-1 4 x 5-1 2-inch note cards and envelopes .
dymo 30252 labelwriter lw adhesive white mailing address labels 1 1 8 '' x 3 1 2 '' ( 28 x 89 mm ) ; retail box with 2 rolls of 350 labels per roll , for a total of 700 labels . available in a variety of colors and sizes , dymo law labels use a direct thermal printing process so you never have to bother with messy , expensive ink or toner . and because they are packaged in rolls , you can print one label or hundreds with ease - no sheet label jams , no layout hassle and no waste . compatibility information additional : labelwriter 450 , labelwriter 450 turbo , labelwriter 450 twin turbo , labelwriter 450 duo labelwriter 4xl , labelwriter 450 value pack the dymo 30252 replacement address labels are compatible with any dymo labelwriter . each white address label measures 1 1 8 by 3 1 2 inches , and delivers professional , crisp-looking results . each package contains two 350-label rolls , for a total of 700 labels , giving you a remarkably economic solution to your labeling needs .
avery half-fold greeting cards , inkjet , 5.5 x 8.5 , matte white , box of 30 , envelopes included ( 8316 ) . so you 're fond of receiving invitations or season 's greetings in the mail ? return the favor with a message of your own with these printable greeting cards . to get started , check out the wide selection of free designs and templates on avery design & print or use your favorite digital photos for a personal touch . design in portrait or landscape orientation and feed heavyweight card stock through your printer and watch as the high-resolution color makes images come to life . cards are scored for easy folding and come with matching envelopes . few things say `` thinking of you '' quite like a custom-made card . 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' sheets for inkjet printers . paper color ( s ) : matte white ; card height : 5 1 2 '' ; card width : 8 1 2 '' ; cards per sheet : 1 .
epson watercolor paper radiant , white , 13 x 19 inches , 20 sheets ( s041351 ) . a thick , heavyweight paper with a coated matte surface , this affordable media has the look and feel of fine art paper . perfect for presenting photographic reproductions and graphic designs on matte textured surfaces , this media offers a different look from resin coated photo papers . epson watercolor radiant white paper is a heavy stock , textured paper for use with the epson stylus photo 2000 printer . this specialty paper produces rich blacks and vivid colors for high-quality printing projects .
kensington under-desk comfort keyboard drawer with smartfit system ( k60004us ) . measure , adjust and fit yourself with kensington 's patented smartfit system so you can customize your keyboard drawer using our color-coded personal comfort system for greater hand and wrist comfort while you type . the sliding drawer has ample room for your keyboard , wrist rest , and mouse with mouse pad . it can be installed at 3 different height levels and the under-desk design maximizes desktop space and keeps your keyboard neatly tucked away when it 's not in use . the kensington underdesk comfort keyboard drawer with smartfit system frees up desk space and provides a comfortable , ergonomic work environment . the extra-wide , 26-inch tray with integrated mousing area includes a wrist rest and mouse pad and is sized to fit most keyboards . the easy-glide drawer can be mounted at one of three heights for customized comfort . what 's in the box underdesk comfort keyboard drawer , mouse pad and wrist rest .
oki microline 320 turbo mono dot matrix printer ( 62411601 ) . oki microline 320 turbo mono dot matrix printer ( 9 pin ) ( 435 cpm ) ( 64 kb ) ( 240 x 216 dpi ) ( 120v ) ( max duty cycle 20 000 pages ) ( usb ) ( parallel ) . the microline 320 321 turbo builds on the oki tank-tough heritage . this 9-pin printer is now engineered even tougher for dedicated printing in the most demanding point-of-sale , automation and utility applications . it can easily run twice as long as most printers in its class ! and it 's economical enough to put wherever you need data on the spot . the ml320 321 turbo puts the `` work '' in workstations for financial departments , wholesale or retail sales counters , even for harsh or warehouse or manufacturing environments . its relentless performance comes from the rugged printhead designthe lighter , stronger , more efficient motor ; the long-lasting rack-and-pinion drive system ; a protective , impact-resistant chassis ; and a high performance that goes the distance . the printer can accommodate multi-part forms and stock that are up to twice as thick as those that fit our nearest competitor . the printhead delivers a stronger punchright to the last page of a six-part form ! a patented optical sensor accurately positions the printhead for the precise output , and the auto-tear feature accurately positions your continuous forms for a clean tear right at the perforationeliminating wasted forms . the ml320 321 turbo can meet your needs today and in the future . it 's exactly the same size as the legendary ml320 321 and it 's compatible with virtually all custom and off-the-shelf software , making it the perfect replacement . this machine has all the tank-tough reliability and high performance you need . what 's in the box ml 320 turbo printer , power cable , cd-rom , user guide , warranty information ; printer cable not included
at & t 210 basic trimline corded phone , no ac power required , wall-mountable , white . at & t 210m corded phone is a basic phone that 's reliable and easy to use . it uses a simple corded operation and is made of sturdy construction . the base can be placed on a convenient surface or can be mounted on the wall , saving on counter space . a 13-number memory dial feature lets to store your most frequently called numbers ( up to 21 digits ) -- nine speed dials plus three emergency one-touch dials that are easy to program . a directory card is provided to keep track of all memory dial settings . a redial feature lets to quickly call the last outgoing number ( up to 32 digits ) . three ringer settings ( off , low , and high ) and three handset volume levels permit customization . switchable tone and pulse dialing methods are also provided . the illuminated keypad helps to operate the phone even in darkly lit areas , while a prog mute button on the handset lets you hear the other party while muting your side of the conversation . it also comes backed with a one-year limited warranty . a popular and affordable telephone , the 210 from at & t is designed for those who do n't want hassles or frills , just a basic phone that 's reliable and easy to use . simple corded operation means you never have worry about misplacing a cordless handset , and the phone 's sturdy construction means it 's designed to last . you can place the base on a convenient surface or easily mount it on the wall , saving on counter space . a 13-number memory dial feature lets you store your most frequently called numbers ( up to 21 digits ) -- nine speed dials plus three emergency one-touch dials that are easy to program . a directory card is provided to help you keep track of all your memory dial settings . a redial feature lets you quickly call the last outgoing number ( up to 32 digits ) . three ringer settings ( off , low , and high ) and three handset volume levels permit customization . switchable tone and pulse dialing methods are also provided . the illuminated keypad helps you operate the phone even in darkly lit areas , while a prog mute button on the handset lets you hear the other party while muting your side of the conversation . an excellent value , the 210 also comes backed with a one-year limited warranty.the product comes with 10 speed dials and 3 one touch dial buttons . what 's in the boxtelephone handset , telephone base , 7-foot line cord , coiled handset cord , user 's manual , warranty information
cortelco itt-2500-v-rd na 1-handset landline telephone . cortelco traditional 2500 desk phone in red with double-gong ringer and volume control .
franklin lm6000b speaking language master . `` high quality , durable `` & r7
lexmark # 16 black ink cartridge ( 10n0016 ) . no . 16 cartridge generates optimum print quality using pigment-based ink for text that is water-resistant and fade-resistant for document storage . cartridge is designed for use with lexmark x1150 , x1185 , x1250 , x2250 , x75 , z13 , z23 , z25 , z33 , z35 , z515 , z517 , z605 , z611 , z615 , z617 , z640 la lv , z645 and z647 la lv . cartridge yields approximately 335 pages . this cartridge uses lexmark 's exclusive super-sharp waterproof black ink to deliver precision dot definition in text . enjoy high quality , thanks to 208 nozzles . the shelf life is two years . expect a yield of 410 pages at 5 % coverage .
texas instruments ti-83-plus silver edition . leery of `` special edition '' products , we regarded the ti-83 plus silver edition with some healthy skepticism . it 's silver -- so what ? as you may have noticed , in the post-imac era , everything electronic seems to boast cool translucent or glittery casing . however , the features of the ti-83 plus silver edition are substantial , offering useful , powerful extras at a remarkable value . while the mathematic and graphing tools are comparable to the ti-83 plus , the silver edition boasts significantly improved speed and memory . its processor is 2.5 times faster , and it has over 1.5 mb of memory -- 10 times that of the ti-83 plus . these upgrades make the silver edition a significantly improved graphing tool , enabling you to work faster and save more of your equations and programs . while the mathematic and graphing tools are comparable to the ti-83 plus , the silver edition boasts significantly improved speed and memory . its processor is 2.5 times faster , and it has over 1.5 mb of memory -- 10 times that of the ti-83 plus . these upgrades make the silver edition a significantly improved graphing tool , enabling you to work faster and save more of your equations and programs . like the ti-83 plus , the silver edition has a large , easy-to-read 64 x 96 pixel lcd that fits 16 characters and 8 lines . altering the contrast of the screen is intuitively easy , as is the key layout and graphing interface . mathematic tools are substantial , including viewing equations , graphs , and coordinates simultaneously ; advanced statistics and regression analysis , graphical analysis , and data analysis ; and tools for engineering , financial , logarithm , trigonometry , and hyperbolic functions . the calculator is ideal for students in algebra , calculus , and statistics , as well as those taking the psat nmsqt , sat i or ii , and ap college board tests . the calculator is also rich in tools for those studying biology , chemistry , or physics , including a pre-programmed periodic table . other programs included with the calculator include a spreadsheet , organizer for phone numbers , puzzle pack , probability simulation , and cbl cbr applications . the most exciting bonus of the silver edition is ti-graph link , which lets you connect the calculator to a computer and download programs from texas instruments ' web site ( http : education.ti.com ) and from enthusiast sites like www.ticalc.org . there you 'll find thousands of programs and games for ti graphing calculators , as well as a ti-83 plus tutorial , electronic guidebook , programming support , and discussion groups . the calculator uses four aaa batteries and one lithium battery for backup . all batteries are included , as well as a hard slide cover , the ti-graph link software and cable , and a remarkably readable 60-page instruction manual . overall , the improved power , faster speed , and included ti-graph link for a remarkably low price make this a truly special `` special edition , '' and we have to admit that the silver casing does look pretty cool . -- ariel meadow stallings
sipix a6 pocket palm printer ( blue ) . manufacturer 's part # pocket printer a6this product is brand new . there are no ribbons or cartridges to replace . using advanced thermal technology the pocket printer a6 provides reliable , trouble-free operation . at less than 14 ounces total weight ( with batteries ) , the printer is light enough to carry anywhere you go . get high resolution , continuous tone memos , addresses , to do list , mail or date books from your palm or pocket pc . at a glance ... this product is brand new and comes with a 1 year warranty . offering you portable printing capabilities , the sipix a6 pocket palm printer connects easily to either pcs or palm pilots . while it may not be as fast as your in-office printer , this little gem weighs in at less than 1 pound and churns out documents at 2 ppm with a decent 400 dpi resolution . overall dimensions are scarcely larger than some wallets ( 5.8 by 4.25 inches ) , and the thickness is less than 1 inch . the direct thermal printing method means the only consumables are the paper and the batteries ; if you use the ac adapter , your only expense will be replacement paper rolls . run time with the adapter is a full hour , while the batteries supply just three minutes of power . included in the box are both the adapter and a starter set of batteries , along with a roll of paper , a power cable , and a convenient travel bag . sipix offers a one-year warranty that covers parts , labor , and 12 months of free telephone technical support .
hp 11 black original printhead ( c4810a ) . hp 11 black original printhead ( c4810a ) . hp 11 ink printheads work with : hp business inkjet 2800 , 1000 , 1100 , 1200 , 2300 , 2600 , cp1700 . hp designjet 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 , 120 , 70 , 100 , 111 , 500 , 510 , 800 , 815 , 820. hp officejet 9110 , 9120 , 9130. hp officejet pro k850 , k850dn . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 11 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 11 printhead ( c4810a ) color : black . the hp 11 black printhead is designed to deliver exceptional speed and print quality using ultra-small ink drop technology . the printhead contains a smart chip that optimizes print quality and monitors printhead health . the hp 11 black printhead is easy to maintain : simply replace worn printhead for uninterrupted clear , sharp output . the printer driver will give you a warning if your printhead is about to fail . you will then be able to purchase a replacement printhead before the print quality begins to deteriorate . features : built-in smart chip for outstanding print quality without guesswork wide printhead with more nozzles for extra-fast printing ultimate photo and line quality , thanks to ultra small ink drop size and hp color layering technology works as a modular system with hp 10 black ink cartridges and hp 11 or hp 82 color ink cartridges
tomy t6555 megasketcher high resolution magnetic drawing board for kids - arts and crafts doodle and scribble board - suitable from 3 years , assorted color . children love to draw , and the megasketcher from tomy is a fun , clean , and tidy variation on the traditional pencils and paper . the megasketcher measures roughly 45 x 30 cm ( 18 x 12 inches ) , with the magnetised 'screen ' taking up most of the surface area . a magic 'pen ' ( attached by a piece of string to avoid losing it under the sofa ) allows children to draw , scribble , and write , while the four magnetised stamps add a different dimension to youngsters ' designs . once a composition is complete , or if one too many mistakes have been made , simply pull the eraser lever up and down and it wipes away the redundant drawings . this kind of drawing aid has become a firm favourite , thanks mainly to its ability to be used over and over again no matter how many mistakes are made . the megasketcher is a fun , practical way of developing artistic awareness , creativity , and fine and gross motor skills in children , and is perfect for long car journeys or rainy afternoons . suitable for children aged 3 years and over .
epson bright white pro paper - s041586-4 , 8.5 '' x 11 '' ( 500 sheets ) . epson premium bright white paper is an ultra-smooth , acid-free paper with 108 brightness . this paper is perfect for web printing , emails and other business documents , and is compatible with all inkjet printers . epson premium bright white paper is an ultra-smooth , acid-free paper with 108 brightness . this paper is perfect for web printing , emails and other business documents , and is compatible with all inkjet printers .
canon ls-82z handheld calculator . thanks to a host of useful features , the ls-82z is one of the most user-friendly calculators around . the upright lcd helps prevent overhead glare and eye strain , while the display makes numbers appear clear and crisp even in the dimmest lighting . both solar and battery power ensure that you 'll always finish whatever you start , whenever and wherever you are so you do n't miss a step . canon 's compact ls82z calculator provides a range of functions for quick calculations and easy figuring of finances . it 's an ideal tool for home , office , and school , providing all the basics of calculation : addition , subtraction , multiplication , division , constant multiplication , division and percentage calculations , percentage add-on , and discount calculations . the extra-large lcd display is angled to improve desktop viewing and to reduce glare and eyestrain ; the numbers look crisp even in low light . special function keys and a comfortable keyboard design , with large bold colors , also increase your speed and accuracy . the ls82z measures approximately 3.5 by 4.5 by 2.25 inches and features an automatic power selection that shifts between solar and battery power as needed .
walker w1000 clarity high-frequency enhancing telephone ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . the clarity-walker corded phone with clarity power is hearing aid compatible and increases the volume of high frequency sound . the visual ringer light and extra-large keys make it easy to see . features low frequency ringer and 10-number memory with 3 emergency keys . the w-1000 clarity telephone is designed for people with partial hearing loss . built with volume and pitch controls and a large ring indicator light on the base , the w-1000 makes receiving and enjoying telephone calls much easier . the w-1000 enhances the volume of high-frequency sounds and clarifies high-pitch voices . a volume-boost button lets you turn this feature on or off depending on who 's using the phone . there 's also a 3.5 mm jack for assistive listening devices . large buttons make dialing simple , and hold , pause , and mute functions let you talk to someone in the room without the person on the phone hearing . and a 10-number memory lets you call your favorite numbers with the touch of a button .
hp printer paper , multipurpose20 , 8.5 x 11 , 20lb , 96 bright , 500 sheets 1 ream ( 112000r ) made in the usa . extra bright and white for high contrast images perfect for everyday use . a versatile paper engineered for use in copiers , printers and fax machines . global product type : office paper-white ; sheet size ( w x h ) : 8 1 2 in x 11 in ; paper color ( s ) : white ; assortment : n a . designed for use with hp inkjet printers , copiers , fax machines , laser printers , and office equipment , hp multipurpose paper delivers sharp , professional-looking results every time . it features colorlok technology for bold blacks , eye-catching color , and less smearing . you 'll love the look and feel , and so will your clients . whether for professional , creative , or everyday use , hp helps take the guesswork out of finding the perfect inkjet or laserjet paper for any project . not all papers are created equal . designed with each element of the hp printing process in mind , hp papers , toners , and inks are specially engineered to work together to deliver quality , reliable printing , as well as fade resistance , bolder blacks and more vibrant colors . because hp papers are specifically formulated to work with hp printers , it 's important to select the right hp paper for every job to ensure a crisp , clean finished product . check the label on hp paper packaging to find this key information : consider the look you want to achieve , and choose a finish that fits your needs : the brightness of your paper refers to the amount of light reflected from the surface of the paper , and is typically measured on a scale from 1 to 100. print on brighter paper , such as hp bright white inkjet paper , for higher contrast , crisper text , and a clean background for more vivid images . thickness ( measured in millimeters ) and weight ( measured in pounds ) , refer to the sturdiness and crease-resistance of your paper . hp paper comes in a variety of different weights . you may try using a heavier paper for artwork or pieces that will be frequently handled , like cards or brochures . heavier paper can also help formal , more substantial printed pieces , such as resumes and invitations , stand out from the crowd . hp offers many kinds of paper in a variety of sizes , from standard 8.5 '' x 11 '' paper , to 4 '' x 6 '' and 5 '' x 7 '' photo paper , to specialty sizes such as wide format and legal paper . not all printers can handle all kinds of paper , so before stocking up , check your printer manual for paper size and weight capabilities . whether printing driving directions , invoices , snapshots for the fridge , or formal wedding invitations , hp has the paper you need to get the job done . for basic home and office printing , a simple , multipurpose paper is your best bet . many hp multipurpose papers now feature colorlok technology for more vibrant colors , bolder blacks , and fewer smears . engineered with special additives that chemically react with inkjet inks , colorlok paper absorbs ink deeper into the paper while holding the pigment closer to the surface , delivering impeccable print quality every time . when you print on hp photo paper , you get professional , lab-quality photo prints every time . whether sharing snapshots of a recent gathering with friends , displaying artistic photos in your home , or reprinting a treasured photo heirloom , hp has the photo paper you need for crisp , high-quality photo prints that last . whether conducting a company-wide presentation , submitting a winning proposal , or promoting your business to potential customers and clients , printing your message on the right paper can make all the difference . for business documents that really pop , consider printing on one of the following hp papers , specifically designed for color business printing : hp has the media you need for just about any creative printing endeavor . create customized scrapbook pages , formal invitations , or gallery-quality artistic prints . embellish a t-shirt with a professional logo , cool graphic , or silly photo . print transparencies right at your home or office . with hp special media , the opportunities are endless .
brother sx-4000 electronic typewriter . brother sx-4000 portable electronic typewriter the sx-4000 is a mid-level portable daisywheel typewriter with a 16-character lcd display and a 70,000 word dictionary . its features include the perfectype professional touch keyboard , automatic `` word-out '' and `` line-out '' correction memory , automatic underling , bold printing , right margin flush and view mode . it has a variable 10 12 15 pitch typing selector and automatic paper insertion . features : perfectype professional touch keyboard view mode allows easy viewing of the typing line line-by-line printing automatic carriage return automatic paper insertion forward and reverse indexing automatic repeat for all characters interchangeable cassette daisy wheel with various type styles available interchangeable cassette ribbon self-demo feature automatically demonstrates features and functions paper support conveniently doubles as lid cover carrying handle `` word-spell '' 70,000 word dictionary with error-locating find feature 16-character lcd display automatic paper insertion full line lift-off correction memory `` word-out '' and `` line-out '' correction system automatic underlining bold printing and right margin flush view mode variable 10 12 15 pitch typing selector
igage weatherproof paper 8.5 '' x11 '' - 50 sheets . weatherproof paper is excellent for extreme outdoor , marine and field use.it is even possible to write on weatherproof paper underwater with a standard ink pen ( gas charged write-anywhere pens do best underwater . ) it is not possible to write on this weatherproof paper with a pencil . ideal for extreme outdoor , marine , and field use , igage 's weatherproof paper absorbs ink in almost any situation , including underwater . the paper is made of a coated , single-layer , porous synthetic film with inherently superior ink absorption qualities , regardless of whether you 're using a standard ink pen , highlighter , whiteboard marker , or permanent marker . simply scribble or jot your handwritten note onto each puncture- and tear-resistant page , and you 'll enjoy permanent , indelible results . as an alternative , users can also run the paper through an inkjet or laser printer , where the base film bonds tightly with the ink and toner to produce highly defined , richly colored images . users can even write on the paper when scuba-diving or snorkeling by using a gas-charged space pen . because of the waterproof surface , the paper excels as a base for maps , signs , banners , medical charts , id tags , hunting permits , and more . in addition , the material wo n't peal over time , so you wo n't need to seal any edges or laminate any printed pieces . the paper even folds and glues easily while fitting inside most copiers -- just like traditional paper -- and withstands both the embossing and laminating process should the need arise . so do away with paper and ink that run at the first sight of a sprinkle and protect your vital information with igage 's waterproof paper . note : the paper does n't bond with pencil lead or certain types of inks ( depending on the type of printer ink you use ) , so be sure to order in small quantities at first . this particular bundle includes 50 sheets of 8.5-by-11-inch paper .
3m 1800 series projector ' . there are 7 projectors in the 1800 series ( 1800 , 1810 , 1825 , 1830 , 1865 , 1880 , 1895m ) . 1880 overhead proj 3000 lumens
meridian 9316cw telephone black . manufacturer 's part # meridian 9316this product is brand new . features : ... this product is brand new and comes with a 90 day warranty .
telezapper tz 900 . not only does this handy gadget screen telemarketing calls for you , it also helps to ensure they wo n't keep trying to get ahold of you . the telezapper from privacy technologies plugs into any phone or phone jack . it works by emitting a special tone that makes your number appear disconnected to computer-generated calls . eventually , as your number is eliminated from lists , the calls become a rarity , rather than routine . it wo n't interfere with manually dialed calls , answering machines , voicemail , caller id or call waiting . however , it may remove your number from the lists of organizations that use dialer computers . easy installation . no monthly fees or service charges . ac adapter and phone cord included . charcoal gray . no . tz 900. imported . 3hx7wx5d '' . when you 've had your dinner interrupted by a telemarketer one too many times , treat your phone line and yourself to the telezapper tz 900. it 's a simple , one-time-cost solution to the problem of annoying telemarketing calls . based on the enormously popular classic telezapper , the newer telezapper tz 900 offers the advantages of a slimmer profile , built-in battery power , and an advanced three-tone mode . here 's how it works : given that more than 90 percent of telemarketing calls are placed with computer assistance , when either you or your answering machine answers the phone , the telezapper emits a special tone that tells the computer your number has been permanently disconnected . telemarketing companies that use automated dialing systems typically remove disconnected numbers from their calling lists , and as your phone number is eliminated from more and more telemarketing lists , you 'll notice fewer calls . of course , not all telemarketers use predictive dialing systems , and those that do will undoubtedly continue their work to evade the telezapper , but it can be a partial solution . most predictive dialing systems will be fooled by the telezapper 's standard single tone . however , for newer dialing systems ( presumably designed in response to the success of the previous telezapper model ) , the tz 900 offers an advance three-tone mode . to change the mode , unscrew and remove the protective case and then slide a recessed switch . ( we suggest that privacy technologies put the switch on the outside for their next model . ) for the most part , regular callers are unaffected by the telezapper , but it may `` zap '' calls from other organizations that use the same predictive dialing technology ( such as charities , pollsters , and automated emergency weather systems ) and from callers who use certain types of calling cards . ( for more information , click faq , or frequently asked questions , in the left navigation bar . ) installation takes seconds . just plug the telezapper into your phone line and your phone into the telezapper . it 's that simple . a built-in lithium-ion battery provides power and will likely last for the lifetime of the unit . the telezapper includes a phone cord and instructions . privacy technologies backs the device with a one-year warranty . -- mike brown pros reduces telemarketing calls placed by predictive dialing systems does n't interfere with most normal calls inexpensive , one-time-cost solution extremely easy to install and use cons may `` zap '' some desired calls annoying beep every time the receiver is lifted
hp 641a ( c9721a ) cyan original toner cartridge for hp color laserjet 4600 4650 . hp 641a ( c9721a ) cyan original toner cartridge . hp 641a ( c9720a ) toner cartridges work with : hp color laserjet 4600 , 4650. original hp toner cartridges produce an average of 71 % more usable pages than non-hp cartridges . original hp cartridge yield ( approx ) : ~8,000 pages . original hp toner cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer toner : 641a toner . what 's in the box : new original hp 641a ( c9720a ) toner cartridge color : cyan .
hp 641a ( c9723a ) magenta original toner cartridge for hp color laserjet 4600 4650 . hp 641a ( c9723a ) magenta original toner cartridge . hp 641a ( c9723a ) toner cartridges work with : hp color laserjet 4600 , 4650. original hp toner cartridges produce an average of 71 % more usable pages than non-hp cartridges . original hp cartridge yield ( approx ) : ~8,000 pages . original hp toner cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer toner : 641a toner . what 's in the box : new original hp 641a ( c9723a ) toner cartridge color : magenta .
panasonic kx-ts208w 2-line integrated phone system , white . kxts208wht- 2-line corded telephone system . the panasonic kx-ts208w two-line analog corded phone is idealy suited to business applications . the built-in data port and headset compatibility with on-hook head-set use mean simple , hassle free operation for those wanting to get down to business . additional features include three-way conferencing and speakerphone plus hold , redial , pause , and 10-station one-touch dialing .
epson premium photo paper semi-gloss ( 8.5x11 inches , 20 sheets ) ( s041331 ) . print high-quality photos for glass frames and photo albums . bright white resin coated paper . quick-dry surface for smudge- and water-resistance . form type : n a ; global product type : photo paper ; paper type : n a ; sheet size ( w x h ) : 8 1 2 in x 11 in . epson 's premium semi-gloss photo paper is just what you need to complete your home photo laban instant-drying paper that produces vivid , lifelike images . designed to rival the quality of traditional silver halide prints , premium semi-gloss photo paper delivers highly saturated prints by offering maximum ink coverage and a high d-max for true photographic reproductions . its 10.4-mil rc base gives prints a photographic feel and keeps the paper cockle-free ; it is especially designed for optimum performance with epson inks . the semi-gloss finish makes this paper a good choice for printing favorite photos or producing enlargements , and its special top coat is especially resistant to finger smudges and water droplets . when printed with quality epson inks , the results are beautiful prints that look great in glass frames or albums . its 93 rated , bright white luster makes colors stand out vividly . each package includes 20 sheets that measure 8.5 by 11 inches .
hp 56 black original ink cartridge ( c6656an ) . hp 56 ink cartridge ( c6656an ) works with : hp deskjet 450 , 5550 , 5650 , 5850 , 9650 , 9680. hp officejet 4215 , 5610 , 6110. hp photosmart 7260 , 7350 , 7450 , 7550 , 7755 , 7760 , 7762 , 7960. hp psc 1210 , 1315 , 1350 , 2110 , 2175 , 2210 , 2410. get crisp , sharp , fade-resistant black text documents . this easy-to-install cartridge works with your hp printer to deliver reliable performance and consistent results . get up to twice as many pages vs. with refills . based on a buyers laboratory inc. 2014 study commissioned by hp for the on-average performance of cartridges refilled and remanufactured compared to original hp ink cartridges < ! -- .headerm { color : # 000000 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:24px ; font-weight : bold ; margin:0 ; padding:0 0 10px ; top : 30px ; text-transform : uppercase ; text-align : left ; } .aplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .subheader { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:14px ; font-weight : bold ; text-align : left ; text-transform : uppercase ; } .acontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } .acontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .style3 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif } .sup-text { font-size : 11px ; } hr.dashed { border-top:1px dashed # 999999 ; color : # ffffff ; height:1px ; margin:3px 0 ; clear : left ; } ul { padding-left:1.1em ; margin-left : 0px ; list-style-position : outside ; *remove indents from list* } li { margin : .6em 0 ; * space btwn lists * } .legal { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:9px ; font-weight : normal ; text-align : left ; line-height:12px ; } -- >
hp 27 black original ink cartridge ( c8727an ) for hp officejet 4315 6110 5610 5605 hp deskjet 5650 3320 3420 3550 5655 3745 3645 3845 3322 5150 3650 hp fax 1240 hp psc 1311 1317 . original hp 27 ink cartridge ( c8727an ) works with : hp officejet 4315 , 6110 , 5610 , 5605. hp deskjet 5650 , 3320 , 3420 , 3550 , 5655 , 3745 , 3645 , 3845 , 3322 , 5150 , 3650. hp fax 1240. hp psc 1311 , 1317. print in incomparable detail . text and graphics appear crisp , clear and bold in dark black . get up to twice as many pages vs. with refills . based on a buyers laboratory inc. 2014 study commissioned by hp for the on-average performance of cartridges refilled and remanufactured compared to original hp ink cartridges with the hp 27 black inkjet cartridge , you 'll get laser-quality black text for all your important documents and projects . the 10 milliliter ink volume gives home users an adequate supply for most tasks at an affordable price . the pigment-based black ink resists fading , smearing , and smudging . the cartridge installs in just seconds and locks easily into place . enjoy crisp , sharp output without extra effort.this do not work with printer , hp deskjet 3520 e-all-in-one printer which takes hp 564xl and hp 564 cartridge
panasonic kx-ts105w corded phone , white . one-line desk wall telephone with speakerphone in base the panasonic kx-ts105w corded phone combines flexible features , sturdy construction , and a value price . a 10-number speed dial allows you to program the most frequently used numbers into the phone and dial them with the touch of a button . the speakerphone allows you to talk without having to touch the handset ; a headset jack offers an additional hands-free conversation option . a data port is integrated into the base , and dial lock and call restrictions are easily programmable , making this an excellent phone for family or home-office use . handset and speakerphone controls allow you to adjust volume levels to your liking ( the speakerphone has eight levels ; the handset headset has four ) , while a ringer control lets you set the ringer to off , low , or high . a flash button provides access to call waiting , and the redial feature allows you to quickly call the last outgoing number . tone and pulse dialing modes are included . wall-mountable , the panasonic kx-ts105w supplies a wall mount bracket in the box , and comes backed by a one-year warranty on both parts and labor . what 's in the boxbase , handset , owner 's manual , wall mount bracket , modular coil cord , one long telephone line cord , quick reference guide , warranty card
panasonic kx-ts108w corded phone with clock , white . panasonic high quality phone system with answering capability - new retail packaging perfect for the everyday office environment , the panasonic kx-ts108w white corded phone has all the basic features you could ask for . the phone 's base includes speakerphone functions with electronic volume control and houses an integrated data port . additional features include hold , flash , mute , and redial . you can engage the dial lock or program call restrictions , making the phone ideal for public areas . the phone is headset compatible and can be mounted on a wall .
canon canoscan lide 30 scanner . canon lide30 flat bed scanner note : the canon lide 30 is no longer being manufactured . you may want to consider purchasing the newer canon lide 35 instead . looking for an easy-to-use scanner that offers high-resolution scanning and all the latest features ? the canoscan lide 30 usb flatbed scanner has it covered . just over an inch high , it has all the features you need to scan images , copy documents , and e-mail your favorite photos . the lide 30 's scan quality is outstanding , with up to 1,200 x 2,400 dpi resolution and up to 48-bit depth that delivers stunning color reproduction with 281 trillion possible colors . to scan , place the photo on the platen and push the scan button -- that 's it . copy and e-mail functions are just as simple . the lide 30 uses one cable for both power and usb data , making setup and operation easy ; it needs no extra ac adapter . the scanner can digitally remove much of the minute dust and scratches on photos automatically with built-in qare 2.0 ( quality automatic retouching and enhancement ) technology , and it can adjust slightly misaligned photos . scanning multi-pages into a pdf file is just as easy : innovative software even lets you save your images directly to cds as easily as scan , click , and burn ( in windows only ) . the lide 30 scanner may be small , but it can tackle big jobs . the exclusive z-lid expansion top lifts high and stays flat for scanning books and magazines . most other scanner covers lift at an angle , often resulting in poor scans . what 's in the box scanner ; usb cable ; stand ; cd-rom with quick start guide , canoscan setup utility , scangear cs scanner driver , canoscan toolbox scanning utility program , arcsoft photostudio image editing program , arcsoft photobase photo album program , scansoft omnipage se ocr , adobe acrobat reader , and electronic manuals for these programs
brother dr250 drum unit - retail packaging . the brother dr250 drum unit works with the tn250 toner cartridge ( sold separately ) to provide clean , sharp prints on your brother fax machine or multifunction . you can expect an impressive lifespan of about 20,000 pages ( based on 5 % coverage ) from this high-yield item . it snaps easily into place with minimal fuss , and is compatible with a wide variety of brother models , including the dcp-1000 , mfc-4800 and mfc-6800 , and the intellifax laser fax machine models 2800 , 2900 and 3800 . the brother dr250 drum unit works with the tn250 toner cartridge ( sold separately ) to provide clean , sharp prints on your brother fax machine or multifunction . you can expect an impressive lifespan of about 20,000 pages ( based on 5 % coverage ) from this high-yield item . it snaps easily into place with minimal fuss , and is compatible with a wide variety of brother models , including the dcp-1000 , mfc-4800 and mfc-6800 , and the intellifax laser fax machine models 2800 , 2900 and 3800 .
memorex white cd labels , matte finish . 300 count ( 32020403 ) . features- cd dvd white matte labels- 300 pack high opacity and brightness for optimal quality printing . triple purpose labels offer standard , full-face , and center hub disc coverage . memorex expressit labelmaker software should be downloaded . create custom designs for your cds and dvds on special white , matte finish memorex cd labels . work with inkjet of laser printers and your favorite design utility to ensure that all your disks have accurate , eye-catching labels that show off true , vivid colors and sharp details . the three-in-one functionality of these labels gives you extra creative control . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } it 's easy to print rich , true color and sharp detail on these ultra-white matte labels using most kinds of inkjet or laser printers . memorex recommends using heavy color saturation for best results , and notes that printing in full color with your text reversed will give fonts a unique look and make them appear to stand out even more . what 's in the box 300 cd labels .
avery 98107 cd-stomper applicator with software and labels . kit includes top-rated applicator , new easy-to-use click 'n design 3d software featuring : curved and 3d text , more than 5,000 graphics and quick design wizard with predesigned templates ; labels and jewel case inserts . laser inkjet compatible . case inserts work for both standard and slimline jewel cases . use as two front inserts for either standard or slimline jewel case inserts or one front and tray insert for standard jewel case . labels and inserts are compatible with both laser and inkjet printers . permanent adhesive . label wo n't lift , peel or wrinkle . main features , manufacturer : avery dennison , manufacturer part number : 98107 product type : cd dvd label media quantity : 24 x label , 6 x inserts finishing : matte : white the cd stomper from avery is a label design and kit that will help you create great looking cds at home . the sturdy applicator is built to last and is easy to use . simply put the cd label on the applicator , put the cd on facing the label , and press down . by using the applicator , you get a perfect label every time . the included avery design pro software helps you to design and format labels and inserts . it comes with clip art , photos , and pre-designed layouts , as well as templates for most brands of labels . what 's in the boxapplicator , software cd-rom , 24 white matte cd labels , six white matte jewel case inserts
12 digit hand held ac dc power . el1611p 1-color printing tax calculator
fellowes wire study stand-silver ( 10024 ) . fellowes wire study stand , 9.5 x 6 x 5.5 inches , silver ( 10024 ) supports books , catalogs , planners and more at comfortable reading angle . adjustable , folds flat for storage . contemporary wire design . rubber end caps . book rack type : study stand , number of sections : 1 , color ( s ) : chrome ; material ( s ) : metal .
fellowes standard monitor riser ( 91712 ) . innovative stacking columns raise monitor to comfortable viewing height . supports 21 monitor or a maximum weight of 60 lbs . features 3 different height adjustments from 2 to 4. space-saving design with high-impact plastic construction . includes convenient cord management and non-skid rubber feet .
hp premium plus photo paper , high gloss ( 50 sheets , 8.5 x 11 inches ) . hp 's best all-around photo paper . exceptional fade resistance . ideal for high-resolution digital photos , reprints , photo albums and business applications . want hp 's best ? this is it : the heaviest , thickest photo paper , optimized to make your photos look their best . resist fading for generations with hp 's new 6- and 7-ink color printers ( photosmart 7150 , 7350 and 7550 ; deskjet 5550 , psc 2110 and psc 2210 with optional 58 ink not included , please purchase separately ) . whether for professional , creative , or everyday use , hp helps take the guesswork out of finding the perfect inkjet or laserjet paper for any project . not all papers are created equal . designed with each element of the hp printing process in mind , hp papers , toners , and inks are specially engineered to work together to deliver quality , reliable printing , as well as fade resistance , bolder blacks and more vibrant colors . because hp papers are specifically formulated to work with hp printers , it 's important to select the right hp paper for every job to ensure a crisp , clean finished product . check the label on hp paper packaging to find this key information : consider the look you want to achieve , and choose a finish that fits your needs : the brightness of your paper refers to the amount of light reflected from the surface of the paper , and is typically measured on a scale from 1 to 100. print on brighter paper , such as hp bright white inkjet paper , for higher contrast , crisper text , and a clean background for more vivid images . thickness ( measured in millimeters ) and weight ( measured in pounds ) , refer to the sturdiness and crease-resistance of your paper . hp paper comes in a variety of different weights . you may try using a heavier paper for artwork or pieces that will be frequently handled , like cards or brochures . heavier paper can also help formal , more substantial printed pieces , such as resumes and invitations , stand out from the crowd . hp offers many kinds of paper in a variety of sizes , from standard 8.5 '' x 11 '' paper , to 4 '' x 6 '' and 5 '' x 7 '' photo paper , to specialty sizes such as wide format and legal paper . not all printers can handle all kinds of paper , so before stocking up , check your printer manual for paper size and weight capabilities . whether printing driving directions , invoices , snapshots for the fridge , or formal wedding invitations , hp has the paper you need to get the job done . for basic home and office printing , a simple , multipurpose paper is your best bet . many hp multipurpose papers now feature colorlok technology for more vibrant colors , bolder blacks , and fewer smears . engineered with special additives that chemically react with inkjet inks , colorlok paper absorbs ink deeper into the paper while holding the pigment closer to the surface , delivering impeccable print quality every time . when you print on hp photo paper , you get professional , lab-quality photo prints every time . whether sharing snapshots of a recent gathering with friends , displaying artistic photos in your home , or reprinting a treasured photo heirloom , hp has the photo paper you need for crisp , high-quality photo prints that last . whether conducting a company-wide presentation , submitting a winning proposal , or promoting your business to potential customers and clients , printing your message on the right paper can make all the difference . for business documents that really pop , consider printing on one of the following hp papers , specifically designed for color business printing : hp has the media you need for just about any creative printing endeavor . create customized scrapbook pages , formal invitations , or gallery-quality artistic prints . embellish a t-shirt with a professional logo , cool graphic , or silly photo . print transparencies right at your home or office . with hp special media , the opportunities are endless .
texas instruments voy200 pwb graphing calculator . cas graphing calculator with qwerty keyboard the voyage 200 let you easily customize your handheld by adding new functions through software applications . the computer algebra system ( cas ) enables you to manipulate mathematical expressions and functions ( factor , solve , differentiate , integrate ) and easily evaluate mathematical expressions symbolically or numerically . differential-equation features let you compute exact symbolic solutions to many 1st- and 2nd-order ordinary differential equations . solve single differential equations or systems of them using euler or runga kutta methods , and graph slope fields and direction fields . pretty print allows mathematical expressions to appear on the display the same way they look on a blackboard or in a textbook . with the studycards app your ti-89 or voyage 200 can be used for almost all classes : history , foreign languages , english , math , and others . the easy-to-use pc software allows you to create studycards for specific subjects and topics . review topics between classes , on the bus , and at home , with the press of a button .
avery magnet sheets , 8.5 x 11 inches , white ( 03270 ) . post important phone numbers , to do lists , or photos right on the refrigerator or a locker . magnetic backing is strong enough to hold paper and photos on most metal surfaces . face stock is matte coated to create rich colors and vibrant photo reproduction . easy to customize with free templates and designs using avery design & print ( avery.com print ) . 8-1 2 '' x 11 '' sheets for inkjet printers . avery 3270 printable magnet sheets make it easy to ensure important information and favorite photos stay stuck on appliances and magnetic boards . use your inkjet printer to create magnetic signs , business cards , and lists of critical phone numbers for the office , or print out to-do lists , emergency contacts , and vacation photos to stick on your refrigerator at home . free templates from avery.com help you excercise your creativity . and with the ability to keep each page intact and use it as one big magnet or to cut out several smaller shapes , you 'll find all kinds of unique applications for these magnetic sheets . what 's in the box five 8-1 2 x 11-inch avery magnet sheets
allsop metal art jr. monitor stand , 14-inch wide platform holds 40 lbs with keyboard storage space - pewter ( 27021 ) . the metal art jr laptop monitor stand features a clean and timeless design that raises your laptop or monitor to a comfortable and ergonomically correct viewing height . forged from steel and powder coated , it provides a sturdy shelf for your laptop , monitor , tv or printer . additionally , there 's space beneath for your keyboard or other office supplies and electronics . the allsop metal art curved steel monitor stand was designed in the usa by engineers in bellingham , wa and was the first and original curved metal monitor stand to be introduced and sold in north america . the allsop metal art series of products continues to be of the highest quality and popularity with over one million units sold .
fellowes 93841 adjustable standard keyboard platform , 20-1 4w x 11-1 8d , graphite black . enjoy custom comfort and easy space management with the fully adjustable fellowes keyboard tray ! simply grasp and rotate keyboard tray to your preferred work position . use a single knob to adjust the height and tilt for individual comfort . both keyboard tray and mouse tray include soothing gel wrist supports . mouse tray mounts to either right or left side or stows underneath for easy storage when not in use .
avery 8831 afterburner cd labeling kit with click ftn design software . the afterburner cd kit from avery is a cd label design and application kit that will help you create great looking cds at home . the sturdy applicator is built to last and is easy to use . simply put the cd label on the applicator , put the cd on facing the label , and press down . by using the applicator , you get a perfect label every time . the included click n design software helps you to design and format labels and inserts and comes with over 5,000 backgrounds , clip art , and photos for you to use , as well as templates for most brands of labels . with the click n designs graphic editing and manipulation , along with text effects such as 3d and curved text , you can create high-quality cd labels in no time . in addition to the applicator and software , this kit includes 20 white cd labels , 40 white matte jewel case spine labels , and 6 white matte jewel case inserts to help get you started . whats in the boxcd dvd labels ( white , 10 sheets , two labels per sheet ) , jewel case spine labels ( white matte , 10 sheets , four labels per sheet ) , standard jewel case inserts ( white , six sheets , one insert per sheet ) , afterburner applicator , afterburner clickn design 3d softwarecd design and applications kitavery click n design 3d softwareafterburner applicator included20 white cd labels , 40 jewel case spine labels , 6 white matte insertsclip art , photos , and pre-designed layouts the afterburner cd kit from avery is a cd label design and application kit that will help you create great looking cds at home . the sturdy applicator is built to last and is easy to use . simply put the cd label on the applicator , put the cd on facing the label , and press down . by using the applicator , you get a perfect label every time . the included click 'n design software helps you to design and format labels and inserts and comes with over 5,000 backgrounds , clip art , and photos for you to use , as well as templates for most brands of labels . with the click 'n design 's graphic editing and manipulation , along with text effects such as 3d and curved text , you can create high-quality cd labels in no time . in addition to the applicator and software , this kit includes 20 white cd labels , 40 white matte jewel case spine labels , and 6 white matte jewel case inserts to help get you started . what 's in the boxcd dvd labels ( white , 10 sheets , two labels per sheet ) , jewel case spine labels ( white matte , 10 sheets , four labels per sheet ) , standard jewel case inserts ( white , six sheets , one insert per sheet ) , afterburner applicator , afterburner click'n design 3d software
canon kp-36ip paper pack for canon printer ( 36 sheets ) . canon kp 36ip print cartridge paper kit designed exclusively for use with the canon cp100 digital photo printer , this pack includes all the consumables you 'll need to produce finely detailed 4-by-6-inch borderless prints . making use of dye-sublimation technology , the cp100 frees you from concern about smudged inks or unwanted spotting . the 36 sheets of paper have a glossy surface and are blank on the back side , just like photos from your local print shop . the ink cartridge slides easily into place , and its durable casing is designed to handle the three separate passes needed for each photo . canon includes a 90-day warranty against defect . what 's in the box36 count 4-by-6-inch sheets photo paper , one color ink cartridge
cisco 7940 series unified ip voip phone - cp-7940g ( call manager required ) . the cisco unified ip phone 7940g is dynamic and designed to grow with system capabilities . features will keep pace with new changes through software updates to the phone flash memory . the phone provides many accessibility methods according to user preference . various methods or paths include buttons , soft keys , a navigation key , and direct access digits . the cisco ip phone 7940g is a voip ( voice over internet protocol ) telephone for small to medium-sized businesses . it 's multi-protocol enabled , supporting session initiated protocol ( sip ) , media gateway control protocol ( mgcp ) , as well as cisco 's callmanager skinny client control protocol ( sccp ) . the 7940g provides two programmable line and feature keys , plus a high quality speakerphone . the cisco ip phone 7940g also has four dynamic soft keys that guide users through call features and functions . built-in headset port and integrated ethernet switch are standard with the cisco ip phone 7940g . it also includes audio controls for full duplex speakerphone , handset and headset . the cisco ip phone 7940g also features a large , pixel-based lcd display . the display provides features such as date and time , calling party name , calling party number , and digits dialed . special features buttons : directories : the cisco ip phone 7940g identifies incoming messages and categorizes them for users on the screen this allows users to quickly and effectively return calls using direct dial-back capability . settings : the settings feature key allows the user to adjust display contrast and select from a large number of unique ringer sounds , volume settings for all audio such as ringer , handset , headset , and speaker . network configuration preferences can also be set up . ( network configuration is usually set up by the system administrator . ) configuration can either be automatic or manually set up for dynamic host control protocol ( dhcp ) , trivial file transfer protocol ( tftp ) , callmanager , and backup callmanagers a huge advantage is the ability for no hands on moves and changes just pick up the phone and move to the new location anywhere on your network services : the cisco 7940g allows users to quickly access diverse information such as weather , stocks , quote of the day , or any web-based information using extensible markup language ( xml ) to provide a portal to an ever-growing world of features and information . 24+ user-adjustable ring tones a hearing-aid-compatible handset ( meets american disabilities act [ ada ] requirements ) and hac compliance for magnetic coupling to approved hac hearing aids g.711 and g.729a audio compression h.323 compatible and microsoft netmeeting compatibility an ip address assignmentdhcp client or statically configured comfort noise generation and voice activity detection ( vad ) programming on a system basis
fujitsu scanpartner fi-4120c color duplex scanner . fujitsu fi-4120c color duplex sheet fed pass through scanner w tray , ac adapter the scanpartner fi-4120c color duplex workgroup scanner offers substantially faster speeds than its predecessors , possessing duplex and color capabilities of up to 25 pages per minute , boosting efficiency for your business 's decentralized and low-volume scanning efforts . this model is equipped with a 50-page automatic document feeder ( adf ) with double-feed detection for smooth paper flow . with its advanced adf design , the paper path is almost linear -- from thin slips to thick business cards and postcards , the transport moves pages steadily and without stress . photograph-friendly dual 600-dpi ccds ( charge-coupled devices ) scan both sides of a document at once for maximum efficiency , and the scanner 's selectable dual interface accepts either scsi-2 or usb 1.1 connectivity . it also comes equipped with adobe acrobat 5.0 software to convert any document into an adobe portable document format ( pdf ) file . other in-box applications include scandall 21 , a twain utility , and quickscan . onboard jpeg hardware compression assists with large files . the unit is backed by a one-year warranty .
allsop 26226 the wrist aid circular mouse pad ( 26226 ) . a great way to keep browsing and prevent the pain and soreness is to vary the angle of your wrist when you use a computer mouse . at a sleek 7-degree angle , the wrist aid gives you a slanted surface to mouse on . by rotating the mouse pad on your desk throughout the day , or maybe just during the periods of high mousing activity , you will avoid keeping your wrist at the same angle all day , and thus reduce the affects of the repetitive stress associated with mousing.all of that , and the perfect mousing surface allsop is famous for .
fellowes 35250 powershred performance oil , 12 oz . bottle w extension nozzle . the fellowes powershred performance oil maximizes performance by conditioning the cutters and extends the life of the shredder . for best results , oil shredder each time you empty the wastebasket or a minimum of twice a month . the 12 oz squeeze bottle with extended nozzle ensures complete coverage . for cross-cut and micro-cut shredders . keep your confetti-cut paper shredder working at optimal levels with fellowes 35250 powershred lubricant cutter oil . the squeeze bottle contains 12 ounces of industrial-grade lubricant , and it features an extension nozzle to help ensure proper application .
rubbermaid extra deep desk drawer director tray , plastic , 11.875 x 15 x 2.5 inches , black . extra-capacity , deep bins hold a bounty of office supplies . seven sections keep loose supplies organized and easy-to-locate so you save time . plastic construction stands up to years of use and still looks great . a wealth of storage space comes in handy as your business grows . the perfect solution for eliminating clutter and introducing organization to any desk . compartments : 7 sections ; global product type : drawer organizers ; adjustable : no ; height : 2 1 2 in .
rolodex mesh collection 3-tier desk shelf , letter-size , black ( 22341 ) . rolodex mesh collection 3-tier desk shelf , letter-size , black ( 22341 ) . storage tray is constructed of durable plastic that stands up to daily wear and tear . area for label on each shelf for quick identification ( labels sold separately ) . can be hung on partition wall for off-desk storage or stand alone on a desk . holds letter-sized documents . 9.25 inches long by 13.13 inches wide by 12.5 inches high . rolodex mesh collection includes everything from organizers , sorters , and letter trays to shelves , wall files , laptop stands , and more . view larger rolodex workspace accessories mesh line solid construction . industrial look . simple , practical functionality . this collection comes in black mesh reinforced with solid metal edging , and features unexpected details that make organization easier and faster . fine-gauge metal mesh panels in solid black come together with striking silver accents and contemporary curved lines to create the rolodex two-tone mesh line of workspace accessories . this collection is elegant in its simplicity , and thoughtfully created with details that help you stay organized . note : images above may not reflect actual item . 1. stop and think 2. prioritize 3. make the most of your space with rolodex workspace accessories 4. designate a place for everything 5. evaluate your system
swingline gbc binding system , manual , desktop binding punch , 6 sheet punch capacity , proclick p50 ( 2515650 ) . the proclick p50 manual binding system makes an excellent addition to any stash of office supplies . this slim , sleek binding punch is perfect for small binding tasks and punches up to six sheets . small binding punch works hard to maintain a low profile , with a slim design that occupies minimal desktop space . it 's a great choice for home office use . lightweight punch is portable and fits neatly inside a desk drawer . ideal for students who occasionally need to bind assignments or for small business owners with infrequent binding needs . its designed to work with proclick spines . a convenient choice with or without a binding machine , proclick spines are the most versatile binding spines , allowing for easy editing and rearranging of contents . you can zip the bindings open and closed with a machine , an editing tool , or just your fingers . binding punch accommodates both standard and oversized documents . gbc stands behind this high-quality punch with a limited one-year warranty .
swingline paper trimmer , guillotine paper cutter , 15 '' cut length , 15 sheets capacity , classiccut pro ( 9115 ) . trust the swingline classiccut pro trimmer for steady , reliable service . with a self-sharpening guillotine blade , a solid wood base and a metal cutting arm , it 's built for durability and performance . the trimmer makes professional quality cuts . with a 15 cutting length and a 12x15 base , its a dependable choice for everyday cutting needs . the steel guillotine blade cleanly cuts up to 15 sheets of paper . its perfect for trimming documents and photos , and is durable enough to cut through thicker materials , like matboard and cardboard . the alignment grid helps ensure precision . a dual scale ruler , with marks in inches and centimeters , allows for easy measuring , regardless of which system you prefer . safety features include a guard rail to keep your fingers away from the blade when cutting , and a blade latch hook that secures the arm in a locked position when its not in use . swingline backs this high-quality trimmer with a limited 10-year warranty . swingline classiccut pro guillotine trimmer , 15 '' cut length , 15 sheet capacity reliably handles general purpose cutting projects protective guard rail safety feature included & blade latch hook locks blade alignment grid and dual scale ruler deliver better trimming precision traditional , guillotine blade paper trimmer features a wood cutting surface and metal cutting arm . the classiccut pro is designed for standard cutting of up to 15 sheets of paper , photos or labels and is durable enough to cleanly cut through thicker materials . the 15 '' cut length of the sharp guillotine blade is ideal for typical , daily trimming needs . precision is not a problem thanks to the included alignment grid and dual scale ruler . simply measure and line up you papers to get the exact same , flawless trimming results each time . a protective guard rail and blade latch hook to lock the blade , protects users . pro guillotine trimmers with 12 '' and 18 '' cut lengths are also available . classiccut pro guillotine trimmers with 12 '' and 18 '' cut lengths are also available , and all come with a limited 10-year warranty . benefit from fast and simple guillotine paper trimming of up to 15 sheets at once . featuring a 15 inch cut length , alignment grid and dual scale ruler , you can precisely cut paper , photos , laminated sheets , and more . swingline guillotine trimmers are designed for high capacity or large format paper cutting , while rotary trimmers offer more versatility for crafts or precision projects . both styles deliver a clean and neat trim . classiccut pro guillotine trimmer -- get reliable , 15 sheet paper cutting with classiccut pro trimmer . 15 '' cutting length meets most general purpose needs such as trimming paper , photos and labels . wood cutting surface and metal cutting arm lend durability while alignment grid and dual scale ruler increase precision . limited 10-year warranty . classiccut ingento guillotine trimmer -- premium 12 '' guillotine style paper trimmer can cut up to 15 sheets . trims paper , presentation materials , crafts and photos . heavy duty maple base and die-cast metal cutting arm provide lasting durability and precise cuts . tension spring keeps arm in place in any position . limited 10-year warranty . smartcut easyblade plus rotary trimmer -- rotary trimmer with 12 '' cutting length trims up to 15 sheets . easyblade technology conceals blade inside a cartridge to keep your fingers from ever touching a sharp edge . plus , blade wear indicator changes color from red to green when blade should be replaced . limited 1-year warranty .
at-a-glance 8001105 telephone address book , 4-7 8 x 8 , black . organizing your contact information is as easy as can be with a good old-fashioned address book . its a reliable choice , with no risk of losing your data due to a system crash . this large size , wirebound address book stores up to 800 entries . lines for name , address , and home phone and work phone numbers are included . single letter tab design minimizes page flipping and search time , and ensures every letter has the same amount of dedicated entry space . address book is made with 30 % post-consumer recycled content . its the ideal telephone address book to keep at your desk , and is just what you need when it comes time to send out greeting cards or yearly letters . 4-7 8 '' x 8 '' page size . 5-3 8 '' x 8-3 8 '' x 1 2 '' book size . classic black . telephone address book keeps all of your important addresses and phone numbers in one convenient location . each entry offers space for name , address and phone numbers ( home and work ) . telephone address book has room for 800 entries organized by a-z tab indexing with single letter tabs . nonrefillable , wirebound cover is made of flexible simulated leather .
cosco ( r ) self-inking do-it-yourself stamp kit . cosco self-inking do-it-yourself stamp kit
pyramid 3500 multi-purpose time clock and document stamp - made in the usa . the pyramid 3500 multi-purpose time clock and document stamp goes above and beyond employee time and attendance by tracking job costs or stamping documents . track employee start times , break times , lunch times and finish times on a weekly time card , or select from 14 pre-programmed message options to stamp invoices , attendance logs , legal paperwork or other time-sensitive documents . the side-loading time card and document feed accommodates left or right-hand orientation . an alignment guide helps line up punches . prints the date and time ( am pm or military time format ) on weekly employee time card . internal battery backup safeguards data and settings up to 7 days without power . automatic reset for short months , leap year and daylight saving time . wall mount or desktop . includes 3500 time clock document stamp , 25 time cards , one ink ribbon cartridge and two security keys . light gray charcoal trim . made in usa .
pyramid 4000 auto totaling time clock , 50 employees - made in usa . the pyramid 4000 pro auto totaling time clock accurately calculates total worked time for each employee and eliminates manual payroll calculations . automatically totals worked time between punches and accumulates total worked hours for weekly , bi-weekly , semi-monthly or monthly pay periods for up to 50 employees . choose from 5 , 10 or 15-minute rounding rules for custom calculations . the top-loading time card feed automatically aligns daily punches . the time clock interfaces with pyramid time system bell ringer ( 5300 ) or analog and digital wall clocks to promote employee timeliness , productivity and accountability . automatically resets for short months , leap year or daylight saving time . includes 4000 pro auto totaling time clock , 25 time cards , one ink ribbon cartridge and two security keys . made in usa .
pyramid heavy duty 18 gauge steel locking suggestion box - black . promote employee management and customer communication with a suggestion box that can be mounted on a wall or placed on the table or countertop . locking top keeps suggestions confidential . includes three selfadhesive labels to identify usage ( suggestions , comments , key drop ) plus one blank label for your own identification . includes 25 suggestion cards . additional cards sold separately .
boorum & pease 66 series account book , journal ruled , green , 150 pages , 12-1 8 '' x 7-5 8 '' ( 66-150-j ) . boorum & pease 66 series account books make bookkeeping and accounting work easy . includes lined sections with column sections in permanent , waterproof ink . journal-ruled pages are numbered for quick reference . includes table of contents page . book binding ensures integrity of your records and allows book to lie flat for easy access to entries . the green fabric hardcover features an art-deco design printed in black , and the words `` journal '' across the front . premium white paper . 150 pages . 12-1 8 '' x 7-5 8 '' size . boorum & pease 66 series account books make bookkeeping and accounting work easy . includes lined sections with column sections in permanent , waterproof ink . journal-ruled pages are numbered for quick reference . includes table of contents page . book binding ensures integrity of your records and allows book to lie flat for easy access to entries . the green fabric hardcover features an art-deco design printed in black , and the words `` journal '' across the front . premium white paper . 150 pages . 12-1 8 '' x 7-5 8 '' size .
bankers box stor file medium-duty storage boxes , fastfold , lift-off lid , 100 % recycled , letter legal , case of 12 ( 12770 ) . double end , single side , double bottom construction . medium-duty for use with or without shelving . fastfold quick and easy assembly . deep , locking lift-off lid stays in place for secure file storage . the fellowes bankers box recycled letter legal stor file storage box is an file box ideal for moderate stacking or for use with shelving . these recycled boxes are sfi certified and made from 100-percent post consumer waste materials . they offer durable construction featuring double bottoms , double ends , and single sides , plus deep locking lift-off lids for secure file storage . with trademarked easy fastfold one step set-up , it 's always quick and painless to start a new log or move dated files from your file cabinet into storage . what 's in the box 12 bankers box recycled letter legal stor file storage boxes .
avery horizontal photo pages , acid free , 4 x 6 inches , pack of 10 ( 13406 ) . display your photos with variety suitable to your diverse subject matter . these photo pages allow you to insert four 4 x 6 inches photos in each page . three protective photo pockets offer the option of portrait and landscape orientation on the same page so you can properly appreciate your photos of both soaring skyscrapers and sunsets that stretch the length of the horizon . prepunched holes let you fit the pages conveniently in standard three-ring binders . the pages are acid free and archival safe to ensure your many photos stay in top condition to show off again and again . horizontal photo pages allow you to insert four 4 '' x 6 '' photos in each page . three-hole punched for convenient storage in a standard three-ring binder . made of archival-safe , nonstick polypropylene material which protects photos in individual pockets . the pages are acid-free and archival-safe to ensure your many photos stay in top condition . the outer size of the product is 11.5 x 9.5 x 0.1 .
avery 74100 top-load poly sheet protectors , heavy gauge , letter , diamond clear ( box of 100 ) . the solution to keeping your important papers protected is clear ? diamond clear , in fact . these heavyweight and super heavyweight sheet protectors are designed both to protect your papers and show them off impressively . diamond-clear material delivers a crisp view of your pages as well as durable protection . easy load feature makes inserting sheets fast and easy . the acid-free and archival-safe material ensures your pages stay in top condition and that print remains on your papers , rather than transferring to the sheet protector . the clear binding edge rounds out the professional look of your presentations and other documents . load orientation : top ; sheet capacity : 10 ; sheet protector type : ring binder ; insert size : 8 1 2 x 11 . the avery diamond clear heavyweight sheet protectors are designed both to protect your papers and show them off impressively . diamond-clear material delivers a crisp view of your pages as well as durable protection . the acid-free and archival-safe material ensures your pages stay in top condition and that print remains on your papers , rather than transferring to the sheet protector . the protectors ' clear binding edge rounds out the professional look of your presentations and other documents . these sheets feature an -incheasy load-inch design that provide a wider top opening so papers slide easily into place . designed to store and protect 8-1 2 x 11 papers . each page holds one sheet of paper . what 's in the box 100 avery top loading diamond clear poly sheet protectors .
avery 74171 multi-page top-load sheet protectors , heavy gauge , letter , clear ( pack of 25 ) . unique sheet protectors have room for up to 50 pages , making them ideal to store and protect stacks of paper , bound booklets and more . ideal for long-term storage , non-stick polypropylene material is acid-free and wo n't lift print . easy load feature makes inserting sheets fast and easy . top loadingno need to punch inserts . durable material holds your inserts securely and is tough enough to withstand frequent use in your three-ring binder . stow that report , brochure or program with confidence , knowing these sheet protectors are on the job . load orientation : top ; sheet capacity : 50 ; sheet protector type : ring binder ; insert size : 8 1 2 x 11 .
steelmaster 2645004 desktop vertical organizer , five sections , steel , 12 x 11 x 8 1 8 , black . organize documents , folders , reports and other active materials with this heavy-gauge , all-steel vertical organizer . heavy-gauge metal dividers . scratch- and chip-resistant black finish . smooth , contoured corners . nonskid , no-scuff feet . free yourself from the hassles of desktop clutter with this stylish and practical divider . the 5-compartment steel vertical organizer from mmf industries offers easy visibility for convenient filing of important documents . the compartments are approximately two inches thick with smooth contoured corners to protect your documents , books , binders , reports and other important papers . made with all-steel , strong-welded construction , including 20-percent post-consumer recycled steel , this black organizer is built to last and comes backed by a lifetime manufacturer 's warranty . the design also features a scratch and chip-resistant finish as well as rolled edges to keep from snagging clothing or marring surfaces . about mmf industries : founded in 1954 , mmf industries has been a leading manufacturer of specialty bank and office products for over 50 years . headquartered in wheeling , illinois , this family-owned corporation of more than 400 employees continues to make innovative products for banking , cash-handling and businesses of all kinds .
lathem heavy-duty manual time clock for day of week , hour ( 1-12 ) and minutes ( 2121 ) . the lathem 2121 manual time clock features a rugged design that can withstand high-volume use or harsh environments . the heavy-duty synchronous motor ensures time accuracy while the precision coined steel type wheels offer smooth reliable operation . the large easy-to-read characters print along the right side edge of any size card or form . this manual time clock prints day of week , hour ( 1-12 ) and minutes . the large analog clock display is easy to read even from a distance and the heavy-duty , all-metal construction is ideal for any office or shop floor environment . two-color ribbon self-reverses at end of spool for longer life . time clock uses lathem ribbon 7-2cn . 2 keys included . since 1919 , lathem time clocks have set the standard for quality , durability and accuracy .
quartet chrome pocket pointer , extends to 24.5 inches , chrome finish ( v18001 ) . slim-line pocket pointer is the size of a pen when collapsed , so you can easily take it with you on the go . the pointer extends to 24.5 inch to effectively point out key information when presenting or teaching . with a classic chrome finish and a convenient pocket clip this pointer is ideal for everyday use .
kensington 82024 memory foam seat rest . kensington memory foam seat rest the kensington memory foam seat rest is made of temperature- and pressure-sensitive foam that dissipates pressure while gently molding to your body shape . the leather-like bottom cover reduces movement on the chair and the cotton polyester fabric cover is removable and washable .
mead 06780 spiral bound notebook , perforated , college rule , 11 x 8 , white , 200 sheets . pad type : notebook ; global product type : paper pads note pads ; sheet size ( w x h ) : 8 1 2 in x 11 in ; ruling : blue red ; college .
neenah bright white cardstock , 8.5 '' x 11 '' , 65 lb 176 gsm , bright white , 96 brightness , 250 sheets ( 91904 ) . neenah bright white cardstock , 8.5 '' x 11 '' , 65 lb 176 gsm , bright white , 96 brightness , 250 sheets ( 91904 )
pap69076 - sanford phd 3-in-1 ballpoint multifunction retractable pen pencil . phd multifunction stylus ballpoint pen pencil
paper mate 4932431pp phd and ultra ballpoint pen refills , medium point , black ink , 2-count . phd and ultra ballpoint pen refills , medium point , black ink , pack of 2. fits all paper mate phd and write bros pens . lubriglide ink for smooth writing and consistent , bold , vivid lines . imported . metal ballpoint pen refill features paper mate lubriglide ink for smooth writing , bold vivid lines . use with paper mate phd , phd ultra and aspire .
zebra f-series ballpoint stainless steel pen refill , fine point , 0.7mm , black ink , 2-count . quality and value is paramount to the products zebra manufactures . every product undergoes vigorous quality assurance testing to guarantee writing performance and maintain the standards zebra customers have come to expect . zebra offers a selection of refills and accessories to complement and extend the life of the most popular zebra writing tools . the steel ballpoint f-series uses smooth , easy-glide ink for a more controlled writing experience . designed to complement zebra 's f-301 , f-402 , f-701 , f301 compact and 301a 0.7mm ballpoint pens .
sheaffer classic fountain pen ink cartridges , black , 5-pack ( 96330 ) . skrip ink cartridges for calligraphy amp ; fountain pens
x-acto ranger 1031 wall mount manual pencil sharpener . engineered for everyday dependability , the x-acto ks manual pencil sharpener is built to meet the demands of high-volume environments . the classic classroom sharpener , the x-acto ks manual utilizes dual hardened helical cutters to efficiently sharpen pencils to fine point tips . all-metal construction stands up to the wear and tear of student use , while the integrated mount with included screws allows for simple installation on a wall or desk . sturdy and low-maintenance , the x-acto ks manual pencil sharpener is designed to serve schools with ease .
paper mate 3030131 sharpwriter mechanical pencils , 0.7mm , hb # 2 , yellow , 12 count . forget about broken leads and stay focused on your thoughts with the shock absorbing tip of paper mate sharpwriter mechanical pencils . with an innovative tip that reduces lead breakage and a smooth twist-to-advance design , it 's the mechanical pencil you can trust for your most important writing . paper mate mechanical pencils keep your message on point .
paper mate mirado black warrior pencils , black , hb # 2 , 12 count . paper mate 2254 mirado black warrior lead pencils , # 2 medium soft , 12-pack . ultra-smooth core sharpens to a fine , exact point . soft , non-smudge premium eraser . pressure-bonded california cedar wood barrel for easy sharpening , superior point strength , and better stability . sophisticated black matte lacquer finish . pma-certified nontoxic . includes 12 # 2 medium soft lead pencils . imported .
prismacolor 3596t premier colored pencils , soft core , 12 count . bring out the soft side of any illustration or art project with prismacolor premier colored pencils featuring soft cores . inside the box youll find 12 colored pencils featuring creamy cores that are the artists choice for blending , shading and layering . prismacolor pencils have pigments of unmatched quality and leads that are strong enough to be sharpened to a precision point . that means you can effortlessly switch between powerful lines , delicate blends and silky shadowing .
prismacolor 3598t premier colored pencils , soft core , 48 pack . bring your artistic vision to life with prismacolor artist quality colored pencils ! with a range of 48 vibrant colors , your masterpiece will be off to a vivid start . inside the box youll find colored pencils featuring soft cores that are the artists choice for blending , shading and layering . at the same time , prismacolor art pencils feature pigments of unparalleled quality and leads that are thick and durable . this empowers you to effortlessly transition between forceful lines , delicate blends and smooth shadows . designed to handle detailed work for advanced students and artists , these prismacolor premier colored pencils feature high grade pigments for rich color saturation . other features include soft , thick cores for superior blending and shading , and a color coded woodcasing for easy identification . the soft cores also resist breaking . designed with professional artist quality for every level of expertise , these pencils come in an assorted set of 48 , and include a convenient tin case . what 's in the box set of 48 assorted prismacolor premier colored woodcase pencils , and tin case .
wilson jones 812b looseleaf phone address book , 1 '' capacity , 5 1 2 x 8 1 2 , black vinyl , 80 sheets . keep your contact list handy . the round rings of this 3 ring binder style telephone address book keeps information secure and organized ; fits neatly on any shelf . telephone address book includes a-z index leatherette tabs with gold foil print to provide professional looking organization of your contacts . 1 binder includes 80 sheets for up to 1,600 names , addresses and phone numbers . round rings secure pages . 8.5 x 5.5 sheet size , black .
scotch removable tape , non-damaging , invisible , photo-safe , engineered for hanging , 1 2 x 36 yards ( t9631811 ) . scotch removable double sided tape with dispenser , no mess , 3 4 x 400 inches ( 667 )
sharp el-1750v 12 digit compact desktop 2-color printing calculator . 12 digit calculator is perfect for the occasional user , especially in a small office or home office setting . features an extra large lcd display for easy viewing . you can count on the fast and reliable 2.2 lines-per-second ink printer . professional keyboard layout with one-touch change calculation to display and print the change owed . cost-sell-margin keys make for quick and easy profit margin calculations . this two color printing calculator has all the basic business features , including a large , easy to read 12-digit lcd and printing in both red and black at up to 1.55 lines per second . the el1750p uses standard size paper rolls and comes with a sturdy metal paper holder . the el1750p features built-in tax and markup calculations , 4 key memory , floating or fixed decimal functions , and more . it is ac dc powered ( ac adapter included ) , with four aa batteries ( optional ) to provide back up in case of power outages . what 's in the box sharp el1750p calculator , ac adapter , heavy duty metal paper holder , paper roll , instructions , warranty information
paper mate arrowhead pink pearl cap erasers , 144 count . paper mate arrowhead pink pearl cap erasers , 144 count
prismacolor 73201 magic rub vinyl drafting erasers , 12-count . prismacolor magic rub vinyl drafting erasers , 12-pack ( 73201 ) . this professional-quality vinyl eraser is latex-free , absorbs graphite , and erases india ink . each eraser is thin and easy to hold , giving you maximum control and making it easy to erase small details of delicate drawings . peel-off pencil tip is great for small areas .
sharpie 13601 industrial permanent markers , fine point , black , 12-count .
expo 80675 expo low-odor dry erase set , fine point , assorted colors , 7-piece with cleaner . bright , vivid , non-toxic ink is quick-drying , smear-proof , easy to see from a distance , and provides consistent color quality . durable , fine point tip for thin , detailed lines . erases cleanly and easily with a dry cloth or expo eraser . ink is specially formulated to be low-odor . perfect for use in classrooms , small offices , and homes . made in the usa expo 2 low-odor dry erase set , fine point , 7-piece with cleaner , assorted colors . expo low-odor starter set includes all you need to get started working with your whiteboard . set includes an eraser , a cleaning spray for your whiteboard and five markers in red , blue , green and black ( 2 ) . use these low-odor , fine point markers to track , schedule , and present your point in a brilliant fashion . intense colors take center stage even from a distance . specially formulated low-odor ink is ideal for classrooms , small offices , and homes . ink is also certified ap nontoxic and conforms to astm d-4263 .
swingline tot stapler , built-in staple remover , 12 sheets , assorted colors ( s7079141 ) . mini stapler is the perfect solution for regular stapling at home , work or school . uses standard size staples and has a 12 sheet stapling capacity . features built-in staple remover and comes pre-packed with 1000 staples . staple storage compartment also included . assorted colors . swingline tot stapler , 12 sheets , pre-packed 1000 staples , built-in remover , assorted colors the adorable mini stapler durable , high-impact plastic construction withstands daily use without much wear and tear mini size stapler uses standard size staples stapling with the tot stapler is easy and convenient . this mini-size stapler is great for light use at home , school , work , and while traveling . durable plastic construction allows this stapler to withstand regular use , and even some abuse , without much wear and tear . despite its miniature size , the tot is strong enough to staple through as many as 12 sheets as a time . plus , it uses standard size staples which makes it easier to maintain . a staple storage compartment offers the convenience of keeping extra staples handy . a small staple remover is also built into the stapler base and is readily available whenever you need it . the tot stapler comes pre-packed with 1000 swingline standard staples for ready to go use , and is available in assorted colors . the swingline tot stapler uses standard size staples , while the miniature design offers more flexibility . conveniently portable and surprisingly durable , it is great for school , home , or office use and staples 12 sheets at once . limited 1-year warranty is included . swingline is synonymous with stapling . increase your productivity with a stapler that delivers high quality performance that you can rely on . tot stapler -- mini stapler is the perfect solution for regular stapling at home , work or school . uses standard size staples and has a 12 sheet stapling capacity . features built-in staple remover and comes pre-packed with 1000 staples . staple storage compartment also included . limited 1-year warranty . 747 classic stapler -- america 's # 1 manual desktop stapler is accurate and strong . features metal construction and staples 20 sheets at a time . also has tacking ability . inner rail and positive locking latch reduce jamming and keep staples properly positioned . 100 % performance guarantee and limited lifetime warranty . optima 40 desk stapler -- use up to 50 % less effort to staple as many as 40 sheets at once , thanks to the reduced effort design feature . easier to use than traditional desktop staplers , the optima 40 includes a jam free guarantee and 100 % performance guarantee when used with optima staples . limited lifetime warranty ; silver .
bostitch sbs1914cp standard staples , 1 4 '' leg length ( box of 5000 ) . our premium standard staples were developed for optimum performance in any standard stapler . each full strip contains 210 staples and is constructed from superior quality high carbon wire to reduce buckling and jamming . the finely honed chisel points deliver maximum penetration for maximum sheet capacity . leg length is 1 4 inch ( 6mm ) . 5,000 staple quantity per box .
bostitch impulse 45 sheet electric stapler value pack - double heavy duty , no-jam with trusted warranty guaranteed by bostitch , black ( b8e-value ) . the b8 impulse 45 electric stapler is the ultimate heavy duty stapler for those who expect nothing but the best . it offers a unique blend superior performance and sophisticated design , suitable for any office . if you frequently have a high volume of stapling work and limited time , then you will absolutely love our impulse drive technology that delivers up to 3x faster* stapling speeds . its high performance drive system easily and consistently staples up to 45 sheets for a neat professional appearance . our innovative no-jam technology puts an end to frustrating , document damaging staple jams . the refill alert light provides a bright visual indicator when its time to reload , and our push-button fastload magazine means less time reloading and more time stapling so you can finish projects sooner . the integrated suction cup feet make for easy mounting and ultimate stability . includes with 5000 b8 powercrown premium staples . ( *bostitch minisuite-blk )
bostitch antimicrobial 130 sheet heavy duty stapler , black ( b310hds ) . the bostitch antimicrobial stapler is the perfect stapler for heavy duty stapling jobs . stapling up to 130 sheets of paper , it 's the perfect workhouse for all kinds of business and office environment . its often seen at accounting firms , insurance offices , schools , print shops , and anywhere that requires large stapling jobs.in high traffic environments where multiple people are using the community office supplies and equipment , germs can pass easily from one person to the next . this particular heavy duty stapler is made with an antimicrobial finish that prevents the growth of bacteria on the surface of the stapler.made with durable all-metal construction , this stapler is sure to last a long time and withstand a great of stapling . its anti-jam mechanism virtually eliminates staple jams , making every day stapling easy . it also has an adjustable paper stop with standard and metric measurements , giving the stapler up to a 2 3 8-inch throat depth . the stapler is to be loaded in the rear . it takes ( b000an1p7e ) , 3 8 ( b0015a7oia ) , ( b0008gq0pa ) , and 5 8 ( b0008gim8i ) bostitch staples . this heavy duty stapler comes with a limited 7 year manufacturers warranty.staple guide : ( b000an1p7e ) : 2 25 sheets3 8 ( b0015a7oia ) : 25 55 sheets ( b0008gq0pa ) : 55 85 sheets5 8 ( b0008gim8i : 85 130 sheets
martin yale p7200 premier rapid fold automatic desktop letter paper folder , automatically feeds and folds 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' paper and a stack of documents , includes stacking tray . convenient tabletop folding machines that works great in small to medium offices and mailrooms . automatically feeds and folds your documents . folds up to 3 sheets at a time including stapled sets . includes stacking tray . small and easy to store , the premier p7200 rapidfold light duty desktop autofolder performs most common folds with a continuous feed of up to fifty sheets of 20-pound bond stock . able to accommodate most copy papers and letterheads , this unit is ideal for small office use or even for moderate mailing use . this autofolder can handle a4 and 8-1 2-x-11-inch stock , perform half fold , tri fold , and double parallel fold , and can fold from a continuous feed from a stack placed in its feed tray -- no fanning of the stack is necessary . for added convenience , this folder is compatible with the cntr electronic counter .
brother lift off ( correction ) tape 6 pack ( 3015 ) . snaps easily into place . life may vary based on various type of use . this product is manufactured in united states..
olympia ol 3000 infoglobe digital caller id with real-time clock . this olympia caller id globe looks futuristic while still providing the modern-day convenience you 're looking for . the round caller id machine with an ocean blue globe features a digital display , 30 caller id* memory , 3 user programmable messages , automatic dst adjustment , 5 navigator keys and new call standby indication . also features programmable variable date and time format , real time clock , built in year-round greetings , programmable daily greetings and battery backup . compatible with bellcore fsk cid type 1 . *requires phone company service .
day-timer 43701 avalon simulated leather starter set , 8 1 2 x 11 , black . the avalon attache starter set features a professional look in durable leather like vinyl . includes 1-1 2 '' rings , hand reference pages , vinyl zip pouch , monthly calendar pages , tabbed address and phone directory , 24 sheet-lined note pad , business credit card holder , supply of undated calendar pages and personal information section . the crushed-grain look of our black simulated leather attach will hold its own in any boardroom . leather-like vinyl feels like real leather for a professional appearance . convenient retractable handles and multiple inside pockets help you stay organized -- no matter where your day takes you . includes standard starter set components : a 3-month sample of 3 popular undated calendar formats , tabbed address & phone directory , lined note pad , business credit card holder , undated monthly tabbed dividers , handy reference pages , and a vinyl zip pouch . attach dimensions : 11 '' x 14 '' x 2-1 4 '' ; 1-1 2 '' 3-ring element ; folio size 5 pages : 8-1 2 '' x 11 '' .
hammermill paper , laser print , 24lb , 8.5 x 11 , letter , 98 bright , 500 sheets 1 ream ( 104604 ) , made in the usa . hammermill paper , laser print , 24lb , 8.5 x 11 , letter , 98 bright , 500 sheets 1 ream ( 104604 ) , made in the usa
hammermill paper , premium color copy cover cardstock 8.5 x 11 paper , letter size , 60lb paper , 100 bright , 10 packs 2,500 sheets ( 122549c ) heavy paper , card stock white . hammermill cardstock white paper white cardstock , heavy paper for color printing not just thick printer paper , hammermill premium color copy cover paper and cardstock provides a versatile sheet which is perfect for color intensive project as well as offers dependable performance on all office machines . this case of paper is available in cardstock 8.5 x 11 paper , letter size paper , 11 x 17 cardstock white , ledger size paper , white cardstock 8.5 x 14 legal size paper , digital sizes and 3 hole punch . this printing paper can be used as inkjet printer paper , laser printer paper , laserjet printer paper or copier paper , and this white copy paper is available in a ream of paper or a case of paper . bulk pallet options are also available . this acid-free heavy paper prevents yellowing over time to ensure a long-lasting appearance . premium copier paper is fsc certified and made in the usa . next time you print paper , choose hammermill premium heavy paper . premium cardstock paper specs :
tipke 2100 marine fold-it utility cart . the tipke marine fold-it utility cart is specifically designed for use in marine environments . it carries up to 330 pounds of gear in a fold-up cart to easily move equipment on and off your boat . it puts loads over the wheels for easy maneuverability even when you 're wheeling around the bulkiest loads . sturdy marine-grade aluminum keeps off rust and corrosion , and just wash it with a hose for easy clean-up once your job is done . sturdy 20-inch pneumatic tires provide flexibility over rough terrain , and a removable front panel helps you load and unload materials . the spring-action retractable handles are lockable , and once folded-up , the cart occupies under two square feet of storage space . the cart weighs just 33 pounds unloaded .
bankers box x-ray storage boxes , standard set-up , x-ray film 14 7 8 x 5 x 18 3 4 inches , case of 6 ( 00650 ) . shields sensitive x-ray film from dust and dirt . supports the weight of standard 14 '' x 17-1 2 '' film jackets . secure tab lock closure prevents film jackets from sliding out .
sharp electronic organizer yo-290p .
avery self-adhesive laminating sheets , 9 '' x 12 '' , permanent adhesive , 50 clear laminating sheets ( 73601 ) . easily , quickly and inexpensively laminate important documents , precious photos , valuable cards and more using these self laminating sheets . each laminate sheet is coated with permanent self-adhesive so you can effortlessly create professional quality laminations without fussing with lamination machines . laminating is simple : use the included grid to size the document , place the document on the adhesive side of a laminating sheet , lay the second sheet with its adhesive side down to seal the other side of the document and trim the edges . you 'll get professional results without fiddling with special equipment . acid-free and archival safe , youll be able to preserve and protect documents , diplomas , artwork , photos , collector cards , signs and more . you can even cover books with these self laminating sheets and use a dry erase marker to make notes directly on them . whether youre a business professional , teacher , student , hobbyist or collector , youll love how easy-to-use and inexpensive avery laminating sheets are for all your quick lamination projects .
avery clip name badges , print or write , 3 '' x 4 '' , 100 inserts & badge holders with clips ( 74541 ) . quickly and easily create durable , professional clip style name tags from the convenience of your home or workplace . this pack of 100 name badges is perfect for professional and social gatherings including parties , trade shows , conferences , mixers and business meetings . each clear badge holder features a garment friendly clip guaranteed to hold firmly without damaging your clothing . the durable , soft pvc-free clear plastic name badge holders are reusable and feature a pocket-style design so inserts are quick and easy to load . importing contact information and personalizing your name badge inserts with company names , logos , personal titles and more is easy using the free templates and designs at avery.com templates . print your name tags using your laser or inkjet printer , or handwrite directly on them if you prefer a more personalized approach .
national brand computation notebook , 4 x 4 quad , brown , green paper , 11.75 x 9.25 inches , 75 sheets ( 43648 ) . computation pad . 8.5 x 11 inches . 75 sheets . 4 x 4 quad ruled on front and plain on back . 3-hole punched . green eye-ease paper makes reading easier on the eyes and helps avoid eye strain . national computation notebook has eye-pleasing green , quad ruled ( four squares per inch ) pages with headline , left and right margins . this perfect-bound notebook features numbered pages and a brown pressboard cover .
avery name badge inserts , print or write , 2-1 4 '' x 3-1 2 '' , 400 cardstock refills ( 5390 ) , white . this pack of 400 avery printable name badge inserts ( cardstock ) is designed to fit avery badge holders # 74549 , # 74461 , # 74652 , # 74651 and # 74457. when paired with these name badge holders , you can create durable , professional name tags right from the convenience of your home or office . the name badge inserts feature micro-perforations to separate quickly and cleanly while leaving smooth edges on your name tag . theyre superb for meetings , corporate event planning , conventions , networking events , and other professional gatherings , as well class reunions , parties and wedding place cards . import contact information and personalize your badges with personal titles , company names , logos and more using the free templates and designs at avery.com templates .
avery self-adhesive removable labels , 1-inch diameter , white , pack of 600 ( 5410 ) . labels stick , stay and remove cleanly without leaving a residue ! ideal for drawers , containers , boxes , shelves and other smooth surfaces . global product type : labels ; label type : multi-use ; label size - text : 1 '' dia . ; design : n a .
avery pin style name badges , print or write , 3 '' x 4 `` , pins securely , 100 inserts & pin badge holders ( 74540 ) , white . easily and economically create professional name tags from the convenience of your home or workplace with this pack of 100 avery pin style name badges . these pin style name tags feature a no-snag pin to securely hold badges in place . the durable , soft pvc-free clear plastic name badge holders are reusable and feature a pocket-style design for easily and quickly loading badge inserts . these pin style name badges are excellent for mixers , meetings , conferences , corporate event planning , meetups , class reunions , baby showers , parties and more . effortlessly import contact information and personalize your tags with personal titles , company names , logos and more using the thousands of free templates and designs at avery.com templates .
avery print-to-the edge high-visibility 2.5 '' round labels , 300 pack ( 5294 ) , white . grab attention quickly with avery 5294 white high-visibility labels . these 2.5 inch round , full-bleed labels come in a package of 300 and are designed to work seamlessly with your laser printer . 2.5 '' round labels are ideal for priority messages , address labels , wedding invitations and custom stickers . they support vivid colors along with sharp text so you can add unique graphics and logos to all sorts of packages . identify high-priority messages , color code projects , make warning labels extra-visible , or seal envelopes with a unique flourish . if you 're unsure what to use these large round labels for next , free tools , software and templates are available from avery.com to help jump-start your creative efforts . white round labels support bright print to the edge colors to surely get your advertising materials noticed . 20 round printable labels per sheet . print as few or as many as you need as often as you 'd like ; print-to-edge capability for full-bleed design . grab attention quickly with avery 5294 white high-visibility labels . these 2-1 2-inch round , full-bleed labels come in a package of 300 and are designed to work seamlessly with your laser printer . they support vivid colors along with sharp text so you can add unique graphics and logos to all sorts of packages . identify high-priority messages , color code projects , make warning labels extra-visible , or seal envelopes with a unique flourish . if you 're unsure what to use these labels for next , free tools , software and templates are available from avery.com to help jump-start your creative efforts . what 's in the box 300 2-1 2-inch round high visibility labels .
brother fax machine fax-575 . this compact , stylish unit is an ideal choice for personal use and light volume applications . slim , space-saving design leaves you plenty of room . reduces the expense of separate phone lines for fax and voice calls with an integrated telephone . voice system offers caller id and distinctive ring detection capabilities . print cartridges are fully assembled and easy to replace . offers personal copying convenience as well as a host of other timesaving features to keep your productivity high . machine functions : copy ; fax ; printer type : ribbon transfer ; network ready : no ; print resolution ( black ) ( width x height ) : 400 x 400 dpi .
columbian # 10 security tinted envelopes , 4-1 8 '' x 9-1 2 '' , white , 500 per box ( co128 ) . envelope is ideal for all business , professional and personal correspondence . features : security tinted for added privacy and confidentiality . executive style diagonal seam v-flap construction . premium 24lb white wove stock . moisture activated gummed seal . sized : ( # 10 ) 4-1 8 '' x 9-1 2 '' . quantity = 500 envelopes . made in the usa .
sharp el-1801v portable 12-digit 2-color compact printing calculator . 12 digit calculator is perfect for the occasional user , especially in a small office or home office setting . features an extra large fluorescent display for easy viewing . you can count on the fast and reliable 2.5 lines-per-second ink printer . professional keyboard layout with one-touch change calculation to display and print the change owed . cost-sell-margin keys make for quick and easy profit margin calculations .
kensington flat-panel monitor stand for lcd monitors up to 22 inches , black , 60046 . gain valuable workspace , organize your desk and position your monitor to the desired height using your individual smartfit comfort color . this platform adjusts from 2.5 '' to 4.5 '' above the desk and allows for keyboard storage . two adjustable shelves holds speakers , pda cradle , just about anything on your desk , supporting up to 35 lbs . rubber feet protect surface and the black color blends in nicely with almost any office decor . gain valuable workspace , organize your desk and position your monitor to the desired height . platform adjusts from 2.5 '' to 4.5 '' above the desk and allows for keyboard storage . two adjustable shelves holds speakers , pda cradle , just about anything on your desk . supports up to 35 pounds rubber feet protect surface . features
post-it pop-up notes dispenser ds330-bk , 3 in x 3 in , black base clear top ( ds330-bk ) , classic black . post-it pop-up note dispensers are always there when you need to capture great ideas . this dispenser allows you to organize your desk and always have a note nearby . pack also includes one pad of accordion-style post-it pop-up notes . for refills look for the accordion icon on all packages of post-it pop-up notes . messaging made simple with this stylish pop-up notes dispenser . keep on your desk to ensure pop-up notes will always be at your fingertips . the weighted dispenser fits any decor and keeps your desk looking neat and organized . for refills , look for the accordion shaped icon on all packages of post-it ( r ) pop-up notes . pack includes a 50-sheet pad of canary yellow pop-up notes .
sharp cash register paper , 10 rolls ( xea40trt ) . . sharp thermal paper - 1.75 '' x 3.16 '' - 10 roll this 10-pack of sharp cash register paper features rolls that measure 1.75 x 3.16 inches . what 's in the box pack of 10 1.75-x-3.16-inch cash register paper .
kodak ph-40 easyshare printer dock color cartridge & photo paper refill kit . easyshare color cartridge and photo paper kit
blomus stainless-steel door stop . 68306 features : -stainless steel.-for heavy doors.-anti-scratch base . dimensions : -overall dimensions : 3.5 '' diameter . designed in germany . replace that scuffed rubber wedge that 's now holding your door open with this stylish door stop from blomus design . the door stop epitomizes the blomus philosophy that good design is both simple to use and beautiful to look at . elegantly designed of solid stainless steel , the heavy 4-1 2-pound , 3-1 2-inch-diameter cylinder sits firmly on the floor , holding even an industrial-weight door open or keeping a door from slamming back too far against a wall . black , non-skid rubber covers the base to keep it steady and bands the top to protect doors from getting scratched . no installation is required . blomus is the brand name launched in 2001 for innovative stainless-steel products by sks-design , a family-owned german design company now run by the family 's fifth generation . the blomus brand comprises more than 500 items for the modern kitchen , bath , bar , fireplace , office , and outdoor patio .
pentel twist-erase refill erasers , qty 1 , pkg of 3 . refill eraser for pentel twist-erase series pencils 3 pcs box 1-pk pentel co. , ltd. is a privately held japanese company which produces stationery products . the name is a combination of the english words pen and tell . pentel is also the inventor of non-permanent marker technology .
deflecto 74901 docuholder for countertop or wall mount use , 6 1 2w x 3 3 4d x 7 3 4h , clear . rounded edges offer a smooth , clean appearance . clear plastic material puts the focus on your literature . countertop or wall mount options and clear rounded design make this a perfect product for nearly any decor .
allsop metal art cpu caddy , adjustable width mobile computer stand with 4 caster wheels - pewter ( 27761 ) . the metal art cpu caddy uses modern design and innovation to help your computer fit into your life . featuring all metal construction with a powder-coat finish , it puts your computer up on wheels so you can move it without any lifting . the powder-coat pewter finish complements office furniture and electronics . the cpu caddy provides easy access to your computer , especially when it 's necessary to plug or unplug accessories from the back of the case . simplify your life with this cost-effective computer solution .
panasonic kx-ts3282w 2-line corded phone with caller id and intercom , white . kxts3282wwht- 2-line integrated phone system .
pioneer scrapbook sheet protectors , pack of 10 . . these photo safe sheet protectors are for use with the pioneer jumbo memory scrapbook style no 's . sj-100 , sj-100w , sj-cb or sj-100k .
hp deskjet 5650 color inkjet printer . hp deskjet 5650 color inkjet printer note : the hp deskjet 5650 is no longer being manufactured . you may want to consider purchasing instead the newer hp deskjet 6540 color inkjet printer . hp 's deskjet 5650 color inkjet printer offers high resolution output , fast print speeds , and time saving features that you wo n't want to be without . delivering color prints at 15 ppm and black text at up to 21 ppm , you can select print modes via buttons on the front of the printer . resolutions of up to 4,800 dpi are achieved on a variety of media types and sizes , and optional 6-ink color printing can achieve prints that will resist fading , and last for years to come . connectivity is offered through your choice or parallel or usb ports , and optional wireless and networking accessories are available to expand versatility . the 5650 allows you to monitor ink-levels on-screen and ink backup printing completes the current print job , even if one cartridge runs out of ink . other convenient features include a print cancel button , one touch screen shot printing , and an optional duplexing unit . the deskjet 5650 comes with a handy bundle of photo and imaging software , and a one-year warranty . what 's in the box hp deskjet 5650 color inkjet printer , hp no . 56 ( c6656a ) black inkjet print cartridge , hp no . 57 ( c6657a ) tri-color inkjet print cartridge , power supply , power cord , software on cd-rom ( pc and mac ) , reference guide , set-up poster , media pack
hp deskjet 5150 color inkjet printer . hp deskjet 5150 color printer hp 's deskjet 5150 color inkjet printer offers high resolution output , fast print speeds , and time saving features that you wo n't want to be without . delivering color prints at 14 ppm and black text at up to 19 ppm , you can choose from five different print modes to optimize print quality and speed . resolutions of up to 4,800 dpi are achieved on a variety of media types and sizes , and optional 6-ink color printing can achieve prints that will resist fading , and last for years to come . connectivity is offered through a standard usb port , and optional wireless and networking accessories are available to expand versatility . other convenient features include a print cancel button , on-screen ink level monitoring , one touch screen shot printing , and an optional duplexing unit . the deskjet 5150 comes with a handy bundle of photo and imaging software , and a one-year warranty . what 's in the box hp deskjet 5150 color inkjet printer , hp no . 56 ( c6656a ) black inkjet print cartridge , hp no . 57 ( c6657a ) tri-color inkjet print cartridge , power supply , power cord , software on cd-rom ( pc and mac ) , reference guide , setup poster , media pack .
amazing goop 130012 household adhesive - 3.7 fl . oz . . amazing goop household is the only adhesive you 'll need for home repairs because it repairs , seals and sticks to virtually anything . its strength is superior to any other brand out there . use on everything from glass to wood to vinyl to brick . eclectic 130012 household goop ? contact adhesive & sealant is the strongest single component adhesive . bonds to metal , glass , wood , cement , and more . repairs dishes , game gear , tools , toys , birdbaths . seals faucets , linoleum , tile , plumbing , drains .
carl heavy duty rotary paper trimmer 12inch . green machineheavy duty 36 sheet rotary papertrimmer : is green friendly trimmer , cuts cardstock , artist board , plastic sheets and more . patented locking rail mechanism and the luminous paper holder is made of light harvesting acrylic that makes cutting easy and accurate . the adjustable magnetic paper guide holds materials on a calibrated metal baseboard . features a storage compartment for extra blades and mats . spare cutting mat , straight blade , and perforating blade included.limited lifetime warranty ( excluding blades andcutting mats ) .
3m foot rest , height and tilt adjustable , 22 '' extra wide platform with safety-walk slip resistant surface provides ample room for both feet , heavy duty steel construction , charcoal gray ( fr530cb ) . 3m foot rest helps reduce strain and fatigue on legs , back and neck . it is height and tilt adustable with easy , foot-controlled , platform tilt adjustment . extra wide 22 '' platform with safety-walk slip resistant surface provides ample room for both feet . sturdy heavy duty steel base stays in place . the 3m adjustable footrest in charcoal gray , heavy-duty steel provides stable , adjustable foot support to reduce strain and fatigue on the legs , back and neck . the extra-wide platform is height- and tilt-adjustable and features a slip-resistant surface that keeps feet from sliding around .
avery 3378 textured half-fold greeting cards , inkjet , 5 1 2 x 8 1 2 , white , envelopes included ( box of 30 ) . send your special greetings with these elegant textured half-fold greeting cards . just browse the free blank and predesigned templates on avery.com or use your computer 's own creative software for design ideas . made from heavyweight textured card stock , these cards feed easily through popular inkjet printers while looking and feeling like they came right from a card shop . it 's that simple . whether you 're celebrating a birthday , the holidays or just saying , `` thinking of you , '' these greeting cards will fit the bill . special textured surface creates a high-quality look and feel . create cards for every occasion , including birthdays , graduations , valentine 's day or invitations for your next party . easy-to-use free templates are available on avery.com . sending personalized greetings and invitations is easy with avery 3378 personal creations textured heavyweight half-fold cards and envelopes . these cards are designed to feed easily through popular inkjet printers for hassle-free creation . with do-it-yourself cards , you never come up one card short or get stuck printing way more than you actually need . and since these cards are made from textured , heavyweight card stock , your finished products will be sure to have a professional look and feel . free blank and predesigned templates are available on avery.com to help you start designing cards for holidays , special events , and everyday greetings , or you can start from scratch using your favorite creative software . unique logos , specialized text , and family photos printed on these high-quality cards can give all your correspondance a unique , personal touch . what 's in the box 30 white , uncoated , textured 5-1 2 x 8-1 2-inch greeting cards and envelopes .
hammermill paper , premium laser gloss paper , 8.5 x 11 paper , letter paper , 32lb paper , 94 bright , 1 pack 300 sheets ( 163110r ) acid free paper . hammermill premium printer paper glossy paper for color printing hammermill color laser gloss copy paper is glossy paper and provides a versatile sheet which is perfect for color intensive project as well as offers dependable performance on all office machines . perfect for photos , this case of paper is available in 8.5x11 paper , letter size paper and can be purchase as a ream of paper or case of paper . each ream of paper contain 300 sheets of beauitful white glossy paper that will be sure to make your print paper look amazing . this printing paper can be used as inkjet printer paper , laser printer paper , laserjet printer paper or copier paper , and this white glossy printer paper is available in a ream of paper or a case of paper . bulk pallet options are also available . this acid-free paper prevents yellowing over time to ensure a long-lasting appearance . premium glossy copier paper is fsc certified and made in the usa . next time you print paper , choose hammermill premium heavy paper and glossy paper . premium paper specs : finish : smooth stock paper , glossy paper pack sizes : come in a case of paper or a ream of paper style : high quality printer paper , presentation paper , laser paper , laserjet paper , inkjet paper , glossy printer paper brightness : 94 bright glossy paper basis weight : heavy paper , thick paper 32 lb paper category : presentation paper , flyer paper , brochure paper , thick paper , high end color printing , office supplies , inkjet paper , laserjet paper , laser paper , glossy copy paper
staedtler textsurfer classic highlighter , chisel tip , blue green orange pink purple red turquoise yellow , 8 per set ( 364wp8 ) . staedtler textsurfer classic highlighter , chisel tip , blue green orange pink purple red turquoise yellow , 8 per set ( 364wp8 )
2000 plus 12-in-1 self-inking date and phrase stamp , rec 'd , ans 'd , ent 'd , paid , bal , chg 'd , ship 'd , ret 'd , c.o.d , canc , filled , filed , 1-3 4 '' x 1 4 '' impression , black ink ( 011227 ) . 2000plus self-inking stamp records just the date or the date along with your choice of a full selection of phrases . for up-to-date record keeping , flip back and forth between approved , urgent , emailed , cancelled , charged , checked , delivered , credit , faxed , paid , received , shipped . black ink .
pendaflex poly file folders , letter size , assorted , 25 per box ( 55702 ) . see-through design of file folders keeps contents visible . each folder features color-coded tab to organize by category and prevent misfiles . each tab is 1 3-cut in three assorted positions to make filing and file retrieval easy . comes with self-stick blank labels . durable poly is moisture-resistant and tear-resistant .
franklin covey four-sheet seven-hole punch for classic style day planner pages , metal ( 22997 ) . easy to use on your desktop or in your hand so you can easily hole-punch documents you need to keep in your franklincovey planner.this precision-tooled punch handles up to four sheets at a time , has a spill-proof chip collector with trap door and rubber non-slip base . this metal hole punch also features marked guides for your paper and is designed to punch holes for classic size binders . the franklin covey 22997 metal punch for 5-1 2 x 8-1 2 classic style day planner pages is easy to use on your desktop or in your hand , so you can hole-punch documents you need to keep in your franklincovey planner . this precision-tooled punch handles up to four sheets at a time , has a spill-proof chip collector with trap door and rubber non-slip base . this metal hole punch also features marked guides for your paper and is designed to punch holes for classic size binders .
fellowes mesh partition additions letter size black triple file pocket ( 75901 ) . fellowes mesh partition additions triple file pocket keeps letter size files within easy reach - first pocket offers 4 capacity while the other two offer 1- capacity . mounts to partition walls 1 -- 3 wide without tools to save space . includes wall mounting hardware . contemporary mesh and wire design .
scotch packaging tape hand dispenser dp300-rd . hand contoured packaging tape dispenser in red with braking device . scotch cellulose tape was invented in 1930 by richard drew , a 3m scientist . later renamed cellophane tape , the tape was originally designed to be an attractive , moisture-proof way for grocers and bakers to seal cellophane wrap . when it comes to packaging tape , one size does n't fit all . sometimes you only need to seal small boxes and envelopes . other times , you want tape that can withstand years of storage . that 's why scotch packaging tapes come in a variety of options to meet various shipping , moving , and storage needs . *of shear adhesion holding power , compared to acrylic tapes based on astm d3654 .
epson fx-890 impact printer ( c11c524001 ) . a full-featured , high-value performer , this workhorse features an mtbf rating of 20,000 power on hours and up to 680cps print speeds
hp brochure paper , glossy ( 150 sheets , 8.5 x 11 inches , 180 g ) 92 brightness q1987a . hp brochure paper , glossy ( 150 sheets , 8.5 x 11 inches , 180 g ) 92 brightness get professional-quality results in-house with hp q1987a glossy brochure and flyer paper . this durable paper features a high performance coating on both sides for two-sided printing with exceptional image quality . with the ability to create custom marketing materials that look and feel professionally printed , you save time and money by printing brochures , flyers , and other important documents in-house . what 's in the box 150 sheets of 8.5 x 11 inch hp glossy brochure and flyer paper
hp 12a ( q2612a ) black original toner cartridge for hp laserjet 1012 1018 1020 1022 3015 3020 3030 3050 3052 3055 m1319 . print cartridge life expectancy : the life of the print cartridge depends on the amount of toner that print jobs require .when printing text on letter a4-size paper at 5 percent coverage , the print cartridge lasts an average of 2,000 pages . this assumes that the print density is set to 3 and economode is disabled . these are the default settings . the hp laserjet q2612a print cartridge provides fast printing at 15 pages per minute ( ppm ) for the hp laserjet 1020 or 19 ppm for letter-size paper for the hp laserjet 1022 .
hp psc 1350 all-in-one printer , scanner , copier . hp 's all-in-one printer , scanner , and copier gives you everything you needall in one compact product ! you can print photos effortlessly in true-to-life photo quality with up to 4800-optimized dpi or optional 6-ink color ( sold separately ) , even without a pc . print from digital camera memory card slots or hp photo proof sheet to preview , select and print the photos you want . get creative with your photos by using the hp photo & imaging software to print stickers and iron-on t-shirt transfers , or use the fit-to-page button for easy photo enlargements . the flatbed scanner lets you can scan photos , documents , and books , up to letter size , with up to 600x2400-dpi optical resolution and 36-bit color , or , create your own digital photo slide shows on cd . the psc 1350 prints and copies fastup to 17 ppm in laser-quality black text and up to 12 pages in color . 6-45 64hx16-13 16wx10-13 64d '' . hewlett packard 's officejet 1350 is an all-in-one color printer , color copier , and color scanner that comes with plenty of features and a very reasonable price tag . with hp 's thermal inkjet print technology , resolutions for both black and color prints are as high as 1,200 x 1,200 dpi , with 4,800 x 1,200 optimized color dpi printing . print speeds clock in at up to 17 ppm for black and 12 ppm for color in draft mode and 0.9 ppm for black and 1 ppm color in best quality mode . it directly supports compactflash , smartmedia , memory sticks , securedigital multimedia , and xd-picture memory cards , so you can print directly from your digital camera without a pc . the flatbed scanner provides up to 600 x 2,400 dpi optical resolution and 36-bit color , with an enhanced resolution up to 19,200 dpi . the 1350 's copier provides up to 600 x 1,200 dpi resolution for black prints and up to 1,200 x 1,200 dpi resolution for color . copy speeds are as fast as 17 cpm for black and 12 cpm for color , while up to 50 copies can be made at once , freeing up your time for other tasks . perfect for the home office or small business where space is at a premium , the 1359 has a small 16.76-by-10.2-inch footprint and weighs just 11.8 pounds . it has a standard input capacity of 100 sheets and up to 10 envelopes , with an output capacity of 50 sheets . it connects via a usb port and accepts a wide variety of originals , including paper ( plain , inkjet , photo ) , envelopes , transparencies , labels , cards , hp premium media , iron-on transfers , and sizes from 3 by 5 to 8.5 by 14 inches . compatible with both mac and pc , the 1350 also comes backed by a one-year limited warranty . what 's in the boxhp psc 1350 , hp 56 black inkjet print cartridge , hp 57 tri-color inkjet print cartridge , hp photo and imaging software , hp memories disc creator software , setup poster , reference guide , power cord , hp photo paper sampler , hp photo paper storage bag
crosley cr59-pi princess phone with push button technology , pink . who would n't be charmed by the crosley cr59 princess phone ? originally designed in 1959 to fit on small desks or night stands , this lovely little reproduction is as delectable as it is functional with its rotary-styled push button dial and sweet pastel color .
crosley yellow princess phone ( cr59-ye ) . it 's little , and it 's lovely and you probably remember it in your sister 's bedroom or at your mother 's desk . the original desk phone was redesigned with this smart new look . the princess , introduced in 1959 , was compact and attractive . featured in a variety or colors , including pastels , this unit had a smaller footprint to fit in those not-so-big spaces . with it 's rounded edges , sleek lines and fashionable stylings it quickly became a favorite . dimensions 8.5w x 3.75d x 4.25h . color is yellow .
crosley cr92 country kitchen wall phone ii , oak . the crosley cr92 is a colonial style country kitchen phone and an authentic reproduction of early american heritage . while this beautiful recreation is designed to provide extremely high-quality communications , it has all the charm of the faithful original . originally introduced in the early 1920 's , this classic features a crank handle that actually turns . the crosley country kitchen phone features touch-tone buttons with a rotary look , complete with speaker and hold functions . the handcrafted wood and veneer cabinet is enhanced with striking brushed bronze-plated hardware . this beauty is as functional as it is fabulous , including a recipe-style storage compartment , volume controls for ringer and receiver , and the option to change between tone pulse .
wood computer desk in black and cherry finish by studio rta . saturn centre by studio rta mobile workstations collection - this workstation has a unique design and features durable casters for mobility . steel mesh sides , oversized keyboard shelf to accommodate a mouse and multiple shelves for storage.keyboard shelf size - 40 x 14 1 2monitor shelf size - 45 x 15bottom shelf - 47 x 28 space for monitor - 20 1 4 height from floor to bottom shelf - 2 bottom shelf to keyboa dimensions : 47 inches w x 41 inches h x 28 inches d. weight : 132 lbs .
black n ' red casebound hardcover notebook , 11-3 4 '' x 8-1 4 '' , black red , 96 ruled sheets ( d66174 ) . this black n ' red business notebook is actually a hardcover bound book , with 96 sheets 192 pages of ruled , high-quality optik paper . it all comes together to make this the perfect book for the professional business person , or for the industrious creative soul . whatever your purpose , this book will let you create a permanent record of information , writings , and thoughts that you can reference for a lifetime . the premium paper resists ink bleed and is lined on both sides , so that you can write on both sides of the smooth , crisp , high-white page . the sturdy , textured hardcover is built to last , and the securely sewn book binding provides lifelong protection for your notes . the classic , red ribbon bookmark adds a nice touch so that you can hold your place . a favorite in the uk , this notebook provides an exceptional writing experience that makes it the first choice of many , while offering a simple , sophisticated look for the polished professional .
black n ' red twin wire hardcover notebook , 8-1 4 '' x 5-7 8 '' , black red , 70 ruled sheets ( l67000 ) . this black n ' red business notebook is twin wire bound , with 70 140 sheets of ruled , perforated , high quality optik paper . it all comes together to make this the perfect personal notebook to provide an unparalleled writing experience . its the perfect choice for those who enjoy the exquisite task of putting pen to paper . the premium paper resists ink bleed and is lined on both sides , so that you can write on both sides of the smooth , crisp , high-white page . the sturdy , high gloss , hardback cover keeps your notes protected . it also has a strong , twin wire binding , which allows you to use it while open and flat -- or folded back , whichever you prefer . the perforated sheet size is 8 1 4 '' x 5 3 8 '' . a favorite in the uk , this notebook provides an exceptional writing experience that makes it the first choice of many , while offering a simple , sophisticated look for the polished professional .
jumbo paper clip . you know what they say about people with big paper clips -- big paper clips , big stacks of paper . this jumbo paper clip will secure large volumes of paper as well as card stock and other heavy weight materials . just like the classic-sized paper clips we all know and love , a jumbo paper clip will help to keep your paperwork tidy and organized .
fiskars scrapbooking paper trimmer with swing-out arm , 12 inches . paper trimmer features : aluminum surface tripletrack rail design , compact and lightweight swing-out ruler and a durable blade carriage . perfect for trimming digital photos , business cards , retail tags , invitations , presentation materials and more . size : 12-inch . made in china .
royal alpha583cx heavy duty cash register . royal consumer information products ecr alph thermal cash register 14509xej cash registers
xyron sticker maker xrn150 `` x '' 1.5 inch . make stickers up to 1.5-inches wide and as long as you like . perfect for scrapbooking , card making and other paper craft projects . also great for office and school items . create your own self-adhesive punch art mini die-cuts , photo stickers , borders . labels and more . easy to use machine puts a uniform adhesive coating only where you want it - on the item to be glued . even works on intricate shapes like stars and is great for ribbon and yarn . add a personal touch to cards , packages and home decor products . refill cartridges are available in both permanent or repositionable adhesive . unit comes loaded with 20-feet of permanent adhesive . repositionable adhesive is perfect designing your layouts , allowing you to move items even after you 've placed them .
royal ps700- handheld scanner . royal machines ps700 hand-held bar code scanner bar code reader with 9-pin female serial connector and 1-inch scan distance
texas instruments ba ii plus professional financial calculator ( iibapro tbl 1l1 ) . the ba ii plus professional calculator features all the great features of its predecessor while packing in even more time-saving functions to make short work of complex equations . it 's an ideal choice for entry level and advanced finance , accounting , economics , investment , statistics , and other business classes . it 's also a great choice to bring to the chartered financial analyst ( cfa ) exam . along with the standard capabilities of time-value-of-money , accrued interest , amortization , cost-sell-margin , and depreciation calculations , users can calculate more advanced business and finance related issues . it will handle net future value ( nfv ) , modified internal rate of return ( mirr ) , modified duration , payback , discount payback , and more . its rugged metal exterior , firm-touch keypad and anti-slip rubber feet make it ideal for anyone in accounting , economics , investing , statistics , and related businesses . note-automatic power down feature turns off the calculator automatically after about five minutes of inactivity , the calculator turns on exactly as left the ba ii plus professional calculator features all the great features of its predecessor while packing in even more time-saving functions to make short work of complex equations . it 's an ideal choice for entry level and advanced finance , accounting , economics , investment , statistics , and other business classes . it 's also a great choice to bring to the chartered financial analyst ( cfa ) exam . along with the standard capabilities of time-value-of-money , accrued interest , amortization , cost-sell-margin , and depreciation calculations , users can calculate more advanced business and finance related issues . it will handle net future value ( nfv ) , modified internal rate of return ( mirr ) , modified duration , payback , discount payback , and more . its rugged metal exterior , firm-touch keypad and anti-slip rubber feet make it ideal for anyone in accounting , economics , investing , statistics , and related businesses .
hp laserjet 3015 all-in-one . hp laserjet 3015 all-in-one - the four essentials for any office is a printer , copier , fax machine , & scanner . this all-in-one machine combines all of them into one easy-to-use unit that saves you money and space . this model features a laser printer that delivers crisp text for professional looking documents . cis - contact image sensor resolution - 600x600 optical 9600x9600 enhanced 24-bit scan size - 2.4 x 4.1 to 8.5 x 14 copier first copy out - 15 sec . speed - up to 15 cpm resolution - 600 dpi reduction enlargement - 25 to 400 % fax speed - 3 sec . per page resolution - 300 dpi memory - up to 110 sheets speed dial - 120 number ( 110 group dials ) modem - up to 33.6 kbps general 150 sheet tray 125 sheet output media size - up to legal automatic document feeder 7 one-touch keys 32mb of ram parallel or usb 1.1 2.0 interface requires - ( pc ) dos , windows 98se , me , nt 4 , 2000 , xp , linux , unix , or os 2 ( mac ) os 9.1 , 9.2.x , x v10.2.x printer cartridge included dimensions - 16.75 x 18.5 x 17.5 weight - 20.8 lbs . actual print speed will vary according to use amazon.com product description equally at home in windows and mac operating environments , the hp laserjet 3015 all-in-one printer provides fast printing , copying , faxing , and color scanning . plus , it offers a compact design that boasts versatile media handling , a simple and intuitive user interface , easy configuration and monitoring , and a generous 7,000-page monthly duty rating for busy offices . printing features include first page out in just 15 seconds , and up to 15 ppm printing at 1,200 dpi effective resolution from a 600 dpi engine . copying is achieved at the same speed and resolution as printing , producing up to 99 copies at one time , with options for reduction and enlargement from 25 to 400 % . a built-in v.34 fax modem provides easy workgroup faxing , with 120 programmable speed dial locations , up to 110 pages of memory ( 2 mb ) , and a whole host of advanced controls . the 3015 also functions as a sheet-fed color scanner , achieving up to 9,600 dpi enhanced resolution ( 600 dpi optical ) in full 24-bit color , drawing originals ranging from index card to legal size paper from the 3015 's auto-document feeder . this model offers both usb 2.0 and parallel connectivity , features a powerful 240 mhz processor , and has 32 mb ram . it 's energy star certified and requires only a single , easy-to-replace print cartridge that yields an estimated 2,000 pages . the unit is backed by a one-year warranty . what 's in the box hp laserjet 3015 all-in-one , print toner cartridge , power cord , getting started guide , support flyer , device software and electronic user 's guide on cd-rom , media input tray , automatic document feeder ( adf ) , fax guide , phone cord , adf output support , output bin support , control panel cover ; printer cable not included 30-sheet automatic document feeder 7 one-touch keys for easy and convenient faxing control panel features : fax controls , alphanumeric buttons , menu and cancel controls , copy controls , scan controls 150-sheet media input tray small footprint handles four functions and easily fits where you want it parallel ieee 1284-b level 2 device with an ieee 1284-b receptacle with the host computer set to ecp ; usb : compatible with 2.0 specifications fast v.34 fax modem ( up to 33.6 kbps ) + 2 rj-11 ports 32 mb ram handles complex jobs 2 mb fax memory for storing your important fax documents black and white printing , black and white copying , black and white faxing , black and white and color scanning faxing from adf , auto redial , billing codes , fax forwarding , fax auto-reduction , block fax barrier , fax delayed sending , pollingreceive , distinctive ring detection 120-speed dials and 110 group dials for handy faxing
hp 57 tri-color original ink cartridge ( c6657an ) for hp deskjet 450 5550 5650 5850 9650 9680 hp officejet 4215 6000 6110 6500 7000 hp photosmart 7260 7350 7450 7550 7755 7760 7762 7960 hp psc 1210 1315 1350 2110 2175 2210 2410 . true-to-life photos and impressive color accuracy for any printing project . hp inks engineered to ensure compatibility with all printing system components . save time and money with on-screen ink level indicator . device types : inkjet printer ; color ( s ) : tri-color ; page-yield : 500 ; supply type : ink .
penpower worldcardcolor color business card scanner ( windows ) . a solution of business card management with a color scanner which recognizes and preserves color image of the business card . streamline your business card collection with the penpower worldcard color business card scanner , which allows you to digitally preserve and sort your professional and personal contacts to suit your needs . it also preserves color images on business cards , or can be used as a simple scanner for 4-by-6-inch color photos or sports cards . once your business cards have been scanned , this a6 business card scanner enables you to import , export , and synchronize your personal and professional data with all major personal organization software and smart phones . you 'll be able to easily scan double-sided business cards and images into a single business card entry , while a full text advanced search feature quickly locates or sorts the contacts you need . a unique multiple language recognition feature allows you to keep your international contacts organized , while the unicode design easily displays multi-lingual business cards without error . up to 65,535 sub-categories provide you with the flexibility to organize contacts according to your personal preferences . this compact 6.5-by-2.5-by-1.8-inch worldcard business card scanner lets you directly scan contact information into outlook , outlook express , windows contacts and act ! without launching worldcard software . once your contact information is digital , simply drag and drop it into documents or email . this product comes with a variety of print templates and formats for printing , or helps you design your own templates . it comes backed by a one-year limited manufacturer 's warranty . what 's in the box worldcard a6 color business card scanner , usb cable , worldcard software cd , user 's manual , calibration card , and registration card .
oxford file cabinet , 3-drawer , white . keep your home office organized and paperwork put away with our oxford file cabinet . from the sturdy construction to the durable materials and versatile style , this file cabinet is an excellent choice . durably constructed of hardwood veneer with a smooth and lustrous finish . easy assembly . actual size is 3-drawer
custom accessories 91116 coin holder . keep your change handy with the console coin holder . it holds dimes , nickels , and quarters . it safely secures in your vehicle via magnetic or hook and loop tape mount . compact , fits anywhere .
umbra 035515-410 bulletboard magnetic bulletin board , large , gray . organizing important memos , grocery lists , photos , and more in your entryway , kitchen or home office has never been easier or more attractive . introducing bulletboard by umbra created by erik man for umbra , this contemporary twist on the classic corkboard adds fun and functionality to any room in your home or office . bulletboards patented design has a modern , industrial construction consisting of a perforated metal surface that cleverly accommodates both pushpins and magnets . ideal for large or small spaces , bulletboard can be mounted vertically or horizontally and comes complete with concealed mounting hardware . about umbra : a global product design company providing original , modern , casual , functional , and affordable design for the home .
crosley cr60-re kettle desk phone with push button technology ( red ) . a statement of style , grace and elegance . the 302 series phone was introduced in 1937 and was the first in the collection to incorporate the bell in the base of the unit . designed by henry dreyfuss and originally cast in metal , this piece was later produced using a heavy-duty plastic housing . the retro style appearance is combined with a rugged construction earning it the nickname `` the cow 's hoof '' because of its lipped hoof-style base . this early desk version served as the standard for the better part of world war ii while telephone design efforts were halted due to defense work . whether for its beauty or its brawn , the crosley 302 desk phone is surely a conversation piece in any setting .
lexmark z615 - printer - color - ink-jet ( 18k6281 ) . nice , economical printer
uniden ezi996 900 mhz extended range cordless telephone . 30 name number caller id ( activation required ) 10-number phonebook memory large buttons and easy-to-read backlit display ideal for sight and hearing impaired1-touch emergency dial hearing aid compatible with flashing visual ringer and volume controlhandset page key and headset compatibleincludes belt clip if you 're missing calls because you ca n't hear the phone ring , and if you do n't find much comfort in those annoying ( and tiny ) blinking lights that are n't much help from across the room , consider the uniden ezi-996 . the practical design helps solve a number of problems for users with minor sight or hearing challenges . two large red lights on the base indicate when the phone is ringing and when you have a voicemail message -- and they 're large enough to see more clearly from a distance . a belt clip is included , so you can keep the handset with you as you walk around the house . you can also keep your hearing aid connected and wear the handset comfortably at your waist . separate controls adjust the ringer and the handset volume , and a handset indicator sound helps you locate the unit if you 've lost it in the couch cushions . the keypad is backlit and has large buttons , making it easier to see when dialing . the ezi-996 operates with a reliable 900 mhz transmission and tried-and-true analog technology . with subscription to service through your local phone company , the 30-station caller id tracks your recent calls and returns them at the touch of a button . a separate 10-station memory stores your most frequently dialed numbers , with a one-touch dial for an emergency contact . uniden includes a one-year warranty covering parts and service . what 's in the box base , cordless handset , ac adapter , battery , battery cover , telephone line cord , belt clip , user 's guide , warranty and registration card
pm company perfection pos calculator rolls , 2.25 inches x 150 feet , white , 12 pack ( 08835 ) . sold as a pack of 12 pos calculator add rolls . 2 1 4 inches x 150 feet top quality , white , lint-free rolls for use in plain paper calculators and adding machines . each roll has a convenient end of roll warning stripe . all rolls converted in the united states .
epson lq-590 impact printer ( c11c558001 ) . delivering the fast scan speeds , the ds-320 compact duplex document scanner is the intelligent choice for efficient organization - whether working in the office or remotely . quickly scan 2-sided documents , business cards and receipts . featuring an auto document feeder , the ds-320 offers high speeds . it also enables seamless integration with existing document management systems . scan to online storage accounts or to searchable pdfs and editable word and excel files . and , you can power the scanner by ac or usb - the choice is yours .
epson tm-t88iii thermal receipt printer . thermal receipt and coupon printer has auto cutter , is fast ribbonless , quiet and versatile . barcodes can be printed vertically and horizontally .
scotch box sealing tape dispenser h180 , 2 in . scotch box sealing tape dispenser h180 is a portable , lightweight , easy-to-operate , hand-held tape dispenser . quick and comfortable tape gun lightweight and durable , scotch box sealing tape dispenser h180 is a portable , easy-to-operate , hand-held tape dispenser . this packaging tape dispenser has a pistol-grip design that allows the operator to apply , cut and buff tape in a fluid , one-hand motion . scotch box sealing tape dispenser h180 is constructed of metal and durable plastic , tough enough to operate in high-volume shipping environments . the adjustable , hub-mounted tape brake allows for control of tension and delivery for effective sealing of packages and helps the operator dispense the tape along the box seam , preventing waste . scotch box sealing tape dispenser h180 allows for 2 inch 48 mm wide tape for box sealing tape applications and can dispense up to a 60 yds . 55 m roll of box sealing tape .
lexmark 18c0532 # 32 # 33 twin pack ink cartridges . ink cartridges deliver outstanding results page after page , year after year . superior lexmark design means precision pairing between printer and cartridge for value , quality and environmental responsibility you can count on . cartridge is specially designed for use with lexmark home copier plus , p4330 , p4350 , p6250 , p6350 , x3330 , x3350 , x5250 , x5270 , x5450 , x5470 , x7170 , x7350 , x8350 and z816 . twin-pack includes one no . 32 cartridge ( black ) and one no . 33 cartridge ( color ) . black cartridge yields approximately 200 pages . color cartridge yields approximately 475 pages .
mont blanc starwalker resin ballpoint ( 8486 ) . starwalker midnight black ballpoint pen , with twist mechanism , barrel from black precious resin , platinum-plated clip and rings , transparent cap with floating montblanc emblem
ge 29875ge2 digital messaging system with voice time and day stamp - black . ge digital telephone answerer with 30 minute recording time , english spainish voice prompts and touch tone remote and message retrival system . corded 29875ge2 digital answering system the ge 29875ge2 is a completely digital answering system . the call-screening speaker allows you to answer only the calls you want to ; you can even set the precise number of rings before the machine picks up . with 30 minutes of memory , you wo n't worry about running out of space , and you can easily set a time limit for individual messages . each incoming message automatically receives a time-date stamp . remote access allows you to check in while at work or on vacation . the memo function allows you to record voice messages for the other members of your household .
epson picturemate personal photo printer . the picturemate from epson is a photo printer designed to produce lab-quality prints from the comfort of your own home . with its simple one-touch printing , 5,760 x 1,440 maximum dpi resolution , and convenient picturemate print packs , this printer is a remarkable combination of quality , ease of use , and affordability . the picturemate prints jpeg or tiff photos from any usb digital camera and is compatible with both mac and pc operating platforms . a wide variety of card types are also accepted , including cf type i and ii , smartmedia , sony memory stick memorystick pro , duo ( requires adapter ) , sd , mmc , and xd-picture . amazon.com product description the picturemate from epson is a photo printer designed to produce lab-quality prints from the comfort of your own home . with its simple one-touch printing , 5,760 x 1,440 maximum dpi resolution , and convenient picturemate print packs , this printer is a remarkable combination of quality , ease of use , and affordability . the picturemate prints jpeg or tiff photos from any usb digital camera and is compatible with both mac and pc operating platforms . a wide variety of card types are also accepted , including cf type i and ii , smartmedia , sony memory stick memorystick pro , duo ( requires adapter ) , sd , mmc , and xd-picture . the printer initially comes with a starter photo cartridge and 20 sheets of paper . thereafter , you 'll purchase picturemate print packs , which contain 100 sheets of paper and a photo ink cartridge with an approximate 100-page yield . the prints resist water , smudging , and most notably fading . epson estimates an archival lifetime of up to 200 years if the photos are kept in a relatively dark place ( such as a photo album ) or up to 100 years in a frame ( see epson 's web site for details ) . true borderless printing ( or bordered , if you prefer ) combined with sturdy stock help to give your prints a professional look and feel . a cartridge level indicator lets you know how much ink you have left . other features include a multiple print function that lets you make up to 100 copies of a single picture . a save photo button lets you back up digital files directly to an external cd-r , zip drive , or usb thumb drive . the small 10-by-6-inch footprint fits neatly onto your desk or countertop , and the convenient handle provides true portability . an optional bluetooth adapter lets you print wirelessly from bluetooth enabled devices . the picturemate is backed by a one-year limited warranty . what 's in the box picturemate personal photo lab , power cord , starter picturemate photo cartridge , 20 sheets of picturemate photo paper , cd-rom , user manuals ; epson software film factory 3.05 ( pc and macintosh compatible , p.i.m . and exif print-enabled ) ; usb cable not included
fellowes 8031201 office suites deluxe keyboard drawer ( 8031207 ) . the height adjustable fellowes office suites deluxe keyboard drawer offers exceptional comfort and support while you work ! moves keyboard and mouse off the desktop to save workspace . unit is easy to install and offers three different height adjustments to suit preferred work position . mouse tray mounts on right or left side of keyboard tray or stows underneath keyboard tray when not in use . features soothing memory foam wrist support on keyboard tray for added comfort . ball-bearing glide tracks ensure smooth drawer movement . keyboard stopper holds keyboard securely in place while you work . fellowes office suites deluxe keyboard
fellowes office suites premium monitor riser , black ( 8031001 ) . the fellowes office suites premium monitor riser helps reduce shoulder , neck , and eye strain by positioning monitor or laptop at a comfortable viewing angle ! adjustable feet allow optimal height positioning - viewing angle can be customized up to 2-1 2 '' for a total height between 4 '' and 6-1 2 '' . includes cup holder and media storage plus storage drawer for supplies . stows laptop underneath for space-saving storage and supports 21 '' monitors up to 80 lbs . non-skid rubber feet protects work surface from scratches or scuffs .
fellowes office suites multi-purpose printer stand ( 8032601 ) . elevates office machines to eye-level and saves workspace ! supports a fax machine , printer , or scanner . drawer stores letter , legal , or a4 size paper for quick reloads . side compartment stores ink cartridges and other supplies . non-skid rubber feet . supports up to 50 lbs .
fellowes office suites underdesk keyboard drawer , black silver ( 9140303 ) . save desktop space and work more comfortably . product features : easily installs at one of three different heights for ideal work preference ; mouse tray mounts on right or left side of keyboard tray ; keyboard stopper keeps keyboard securely on tray ; smooth and silent gliding .
crosley cr55-bc wall phone with push button technology , chrome . take a call from the past with the vintage-inspired crosley cr55 wall phone , based off designer henry dreyfuss 's iconic style . the modern push-button dial is disguised by a nostalgic rotary face , bringing mid-century style to the new millennium .
hp photosmart 8450 inkjet printer . hp photosmart 8450 inkjet printer from the manufacturer with the expanded color palette of hp 's eight-ink color or up to 4,800-optimized dpi color printing , hp raises the bar in photo-quality printing . easily view and edit using the large 2.5-inch color image display , and print studio-quality color and black-and-white photos . print photos without a computer using memory card slots ( compactflash , smart media , memory stick , secure digital multimedia card , and xd-picture card ) , from the hp photo proof sheet , or directly from pictbridge-enabled cameras using the printer 's front usb port . or , use the easy save-to-pc feature to save photos to your computer . plus , print a 4-by-6-inch photo in as fast as 27 seconds and crisp black text and color in up to 20 ppm . ( all reported speeds are fastest possible under ideal conditions . actual speeds will vary . ) enjoy your own digital darkroom -- add textures and more for artistic expression . enhance and fix your photos with easy retouching for personalized results with hp 's image zone software -- for studio-quality photos that resist fading for generations . conveniently share the printer with other computers using a network and print from select camera phones or other bluetooth wireless technology devices . features :
seville classics industrial all-purpose utility cart , nsf listed . this versatile multi-functional utility cart is constructed from industrial-strength steel . its ideal for use in kitchens , warehouses , garages , offices and restaurants , and simplifies the transporting of just about anything . this steel wire utility cart is nsf certified for commercial use and is backed by a 10 year limited warranty . the ventilated shelves can be adjusted at one-inch intervals . this conveniently mobile cart comes with a steel handle push-bar , four heavy-duty pvc wheels ( two are locking ) and has an overall weight capacity of up to 500 lbs . this durable cart measures 34-inches by 18-inches and by 33.5-inches high .
canon pixma ip90 photo inkjet printer ( 9466a001 ) . canon pixma ip90 photo inkjet printer ( 9466a001 ) from the manufacturer rugged , powerful and portable , the canon pixma ip90 photo printer delivers exceptional performance at home or on the road . this compact printer can produce up to 16 ppm in black and up to 12 ppm in color , while achieving a resolution of up to 4,800 x 1,200 color dpi . canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering uses a high-performance 1,088-nozzle print head that ejects precise and consistent droplets as small as two picoliters with remarkable accuracy . your results : impressive resolution and dramatic detail on graphics and photos , wherever you 're printing from . easy-photoprint v3.0 while most photo-editing software applications will brighten the entire image , easy-photoprint 3.0 accurately detects the subject 's face and adjusts the skin to the optimum tone . brighten dark faces caused by bright backgrounds . choose from one-click automatic to correct the entire image all at once , or manual to correct just a selected area . easy-photoprint 3.0 also lets you select and print any image on your pc , perfectly trim images , correct images using lab-quality retouching features , correct red-eye , smooth facial lines and skin tone , sharpen faces , remove blemishes , and print in a variety of sizes and layouts . photo optimizer pro photo optimizer pro does not simply adjust image data ; it also makes adjustments in the printer driver . it assesses color balance , vividness , and brightness based on a histogram analysis of image data ( raw image ) , and then makes ideal adjustments within the three-dimensional color space of the entire image , also making optimum use of the image 's characteristics . photo optimizer pro utilizes the functions of bubble jet printers to reproduce clear colors . making multi-adjustments to a variety of images requires finetuning , because processes that are suitable for certain adjustments may be detrimental to other adjustments . canon smart ink features if you 're on-the-go and low on ink the ip90 printer 's `` ink usage control '' setting enables you to produce approximately 1.5 times more pages without lowering print quality . plus , if you run out of black ink , just choose the `` use composite black '' option and the ip90 printer continues to print black using a composite of color inks in the `` ink usage control '' setting . these features are a convenient safety net when you do n't have extra ink on hand . versatile , wireless printing the ip90 printer offers both irda compatibility and an optional bluetooth interface enabling you to print wirelessly from a pc , pda or mobile phone . for maximum portability , an optional canon car adapter and rechargeable battery kit provide power on the go . what 's in the box canon ip90 photo printer , ip90 printhead , bci-15 black ink tank , bci-16 color ink tank , power cord , universal ac adapter , setup software and user 's guide cd-rom , documentation kit ; usb cable not included
franklin kid-1240 children 's talking dictionary and spell corrector . improve your child 's reading and writing skills with 44,000 elementary word definitions in interactive talking dictionary . over 40,000 easy to understand definitions are pronounced for effective vocabulary learning . the automatic phonetic spell corrector turns 'nolij ' into 'knowledge ' while an animated handwriting guide demonstrates print and cursive styles . works with headphones for privacy . ideal for ages 6 to 10. the dictionary has 44,000 elementary word definitions , speaks letters , words and definitions , has a personal vocabulary word list , a rhyme finder , homophone guide ( to , too , two ) , five word-building games , and animated handwriting guide , protective flip cover , and an adjustable volume control . improve your child 's reading and writing skills with this interactive speaking dictionary . over 40,000 easy-to-understand definitions are pronounced for effective vocabulary learning . the automatic phonetic spell corrector turns `` nolij '' into `` knowledge '' while an animated handwriting guide demonstrates print and cursive styles . includes a rhyme finder , five word-building games , and a vocabulary word list that can be created by the user . works with headphones ( sold separately ) for privacy . ideal for ages 6-10 . 44,000 elementary word definitions speaks letters , words and definitions personal vocabulary word list rhyme finder homophone guide ( to , too , two ) 5 word-building games animated handwriting guide protective flip cover adjustable volume control
lamy fountain pen - al-star model - fine nib - aluminum body . lamy fountain pen - al-star model - fine nib - aluminum body manufacturer : lamy made in germany european packaging no warranty leaflet included
lamy safari fountain pen charcoal ex-fine ( l17ef ) . lightweight and functional , the shiny red safari is made of sturdy abs plastic . its unique design features a flexible brass wire clip and comfort molded grip section , with blue ink .
brother p-touch ql-500 manual-cut pc label printing system . easy-to-use label maker prints address and shipping labels , up to 2-2 5 '' wide , on easy-to-peel , die-cut paper and continuous length film labels . prints labels for file folders , cds dvds and visitor badges . plus , no wasted sheets to worry about because you can print one label , a few or hundreds at a time . label maker prints up to 50 standard address labels per minute ( 3 '' per second speed ) . prints on rolls of continuous film , up to 3 ' long , which makes it perfect for custom signage or banners . delivers excellent quality with crisp , 300 dpi razor sharp printing . thermal print technology eliminates toner , ink and ribbon costs . sharp manual cutter for clean label cuts highlight your text , click and print directly from microsoft word , excel , or outlook applications . or use the included brother label creation software to customize your labels to include logos , graphics or print from lists and databases . connect easily to pc via a usb port , version 1.1 . now the pc label printer you 've always wanted is here ! introducing the easy-to-use brother ql-500 quick pc label printer that prints address and shipping labels , up to 2.4 inches wide , on easy-to-peel , die-cut paper and continuous length film labels . the brother ql-500 also prints file folder , cd dvd , and visitor badge labels for just pennies apiece . plus , no wasted sheets to worry about because you can print one label , a few , or hundreds at a time ! the brother ql-500 has the ability to print on rolls of continuous film , up to 3 feet long , which makes it perfect for custom signage or banners . highlight your text ; click and print directly from microsoft word , excel , or outlook applications ; or use the included brother label creation software to customize your labels with logos or graphics or to print from lists and databases . there 's never been an easier or faster way to make the labels you need ! printer features : print up to 50 standard address labels per minute ( 3 inches per second speed ) virtually edge-to-edge printing on a 2.4-inch wide label crisp 300 dpi razor sharp printing easy to load drop-in supplies with auto sensor , lessens label waste easy to peel labels connect easily to pc via a usb port , version 1.1 sharp manual cutter for clean label cuts thermal print technology eliminates toner , ink , and ribbon costs compact size , only 5.7 by 7.7 by 6 inches software features : integrated add-ins for popular microsoft applications ( word , excel , and outlook ) ; no retyping necessary ( see specifications for system requirements ) built-in general office and commercial templates for quick label creation included p-touch editor software for custom layouts with barcodes , graphics , truetype fonts , and special formatting including frames and tables database connectivity with .xls , .csv , .txt , and .mdb file types prints in portrait or landscape mode ; also prints text vertically for binder labeling auto-size feature reduces or enlarges text to fit on a label date and time stamping ; auto-counter for serialization zoom feature to preview labels and layouts before printing prints a variety of barcodes : code39 , code 128 , codabar , upc a e , ean 8 13 128 , interleaved 2 of 5 , postnet , laser bar code , isbn2 , isbn5 , pdf 417 qr code , data matrix auto sensor quickly identifies label type for quick label formatting changes repeat ( multi-copy ) printing p-touch library and history functions for quick access to frequently used labels and graphics what 's in the box p-touch ql-500 , dk 1201 starter roll of die-cut address labels , usb cable , quick start guide , cd with software and user 's guide
haven a602-20 ivory twill memo board . ivory twill french memo board .
hp laserjet 1320tn monochrome network printer with extra input tray . detailed item info product information with the print speed of 22 ppm , the hp laserjet 1320 printer saves your time . with a print resolution of up to 1200 x 1200 dpi , this hp standard printer delivers professional-quality prints . you can easily print letter , legal , executive , index cards , and envelopes with this hp laser printer . printing up to 10000 pages monthly , this hp standard printer can be used for demanding business environment . through the usb 2.0 port and ieee 1284-b compliant parallel port of this hp laser printer , you can print without a pc . thanks to the duplex printing system of the hp laserjet 1320 printer , you do not have to turn the paper every time you print . product identifiers brand hp model laserjet 1320tn mpn q5930a # aba , q5930a # akv key features printer type workgroup printer family line hp laserjet technology laser output type black & white black print speed up to 22 ppm max resolution ( bw ) 1200 x 1200 dpi platform mac , pc technical features extend printer technology laser computer operating system apple macos 9 , apple macos 9.x or later , apple macos x , apple macos x 10.2 , apple macos x 10.3 , microsoft windows 2000 , microsoft windows 98 , microsoft windows millennium edition , microsoft windows nt , microsoft windows nt 4.0 , microsoft windows server 2003 , microsoft windows vista , microsoft windows xp home , microsoft windows xp professional first page out time 8.5 seconds interface ethernet ( rj-45 ) , usb 2.0 form factor desktop , stationary duplex printout standard printers special features embedded web server media media type bond paper , cards , envelopes , heavy-weight paper , index cards , labels , plain paper , postcard , recycled paper , rough paper , transparencies max media size legal ( 216 x 356 mm , 8.5 x 14 '' ) media capacity 250 sheets networking networking type 10 100basetx , network adapter , print server , print server ( optional ) , wireless network adapter ( optional ) data link protocol ethernet , fast ethernet quickly produce professional documents with this ideal printer for business individuals and small work teams . revolutionize printing in your workplace with this powerful combination of clear , crisp 1200 dpi resolution and easy-to-use wired and wireless networking . performance produce high-quality documents quickly and easily . print speeds of up to 22 pages per minute ( ppm ) and automatic two-sided printing ensure efficiency from start to finish with this desktop black-and-white laser printer . with instant-on technology , you do n't have to wait for the printer to warm up , and the first page prints in as few as 8.5 seconds . share the printer 's value with versatile connectivity . designed for individuals as well as small work teams , the printer provides multiple connectivity options . the hp laserjet 1320tn printer features simple usb 2.0-compatible port connectivity , and the hp jetdirect fast ethernet embedded print server for ultimate networking flexibility . count on hp reliability and performance . featuring a 133 mhz processor and 16 mb of ram ( expandable up to 144 mb of ram ) , the printer meets your business needs and gracefully handles complex documents . look sharp enhance your business communications . the hp laserjet 1320 series printer delivers 1200 dpi resolution for consistently great documents . smooth hp microfine toner particles produce true hp laserjet print quality -- clear , sharp text characters , smooth grayscales , and deep blacks . for the best results , use hp papers and impress your clients and customers . print two-sided documents with ease . routinely printing on both sides with integrated automatic two-sided printing saves money and resources , virtually doubles your input capacity , and makes paperwork more manageable . maximize your potential take advantage of compatibility . the printer is compatible with offices worldwide . print professional documents with pcl 6 , pcl 5e , or hp postscript level 2 emulation -- print language standards widely recognized in businesses around the world . enjoy a large input capacity and reduce paper tray loading . the hp laserjet 1320tn printer features a second 250-sheet input tray in addition to the standard 250-sheet tray , for a 500-sheet total input capacity . design customized business documents . the hp laserjet 1320 series printer supports an array of hp papers , including hp matte brochure laser paper , hp soft gloss presentation laser paper , and hp labels . save valuable desk space . featuring an enhanced , compact design with no protruding trays , you can print simply and conveniently from almost anywhere in your office . simplify printer management with helpful alerts . the printer and hp supplies feature hp smart printing technology , which provides automatic alerts when a cartridge is low . hp suresupply enables convenient , online ordering . experience the freedom of a printer designed for your office . built to fit into your existing office environment , the printer supports a wide range of operating systems , including microsoft windows 98 , me , nt 4.0 , 2000 , windows server 2003 , and xp ; as well as macintosh os 9.x , os x 10.1 , 10.2 , and 10.3. hp printing and imaging systems help you create powerful , professional communications easily . hp printers , supplies , accessories , and services are designed to work together and are invented to meet your business needs . maintain your business , not your printer designed with ease-of-use , real-time status , and supply management features , the hp laserjet 1320 series printer offers top-of-the-line capabilities while lowering your total cost of ownership by minimizing printer downtime . receive automatic alerts when a cartridge is low with hp smart printing technology . take advantage of convenient online ordering with hp suresupply hp toolbox and the hp embedded web server provide effortless remote access to printer settings , status information , the user 's guide , and self-help and troubleshooting information hp 's commitment to reliability lowers overall labor costs while minimizing employee downtime due to troubleshooting and printer servicing . in fact , hp is the only vendor to get an a rating on printer service and reliability twelve years in a row from pc magazine 's annual reader survey . hp laserjet quality the hp laserjet 1320 series printer provides the high-quality laser output you have come to expect from the industry leader . high-resolution , 1200 dpi laser imaging and an advanced toner formulation ensure great print quality for your business documents , and hp smart printing technology monitors and adjusts print cartridge characteristics to ensure consistent print quality throughout cartridge life . service and support from hp hp offers a variety of support options to assist you with setup and maintenance . start with the standard one-year , return to hp authorized service center warranty . to further ensure trouble-free operation and to maximize the capabilities of your printer you can upgrade your service and support options to include network installation and extended printer maintenance . what 's in the box hp laserjet 1320tn printer , hp laserjet print cartridge , getting started guide , cd ( includes software and user 's guide ) , hp jetdirect fast ethernet embedded print server , power cord , two 250-sheet input trays .
hp laserjet 1320 laser printer . hp laserjet 1320 printer is a personal , small office monochrome laser printer that specializes in producing letters and papers with ample speed . it delivers fast letter print speed of up to 22 pages per minute and provides professional looking documents at 1200 x 1200 dpi resolutions . this laserjet 1320 has 250-sheet input tray and connects easily to your computer through usb or parallel connections . an excellent value printer , this hp laserjet 1320 is one workhorse that you 've been looking for your home or office needs ! all you need to do to get started is add the toner cartridge and usb or parallel cable ! order today ! from the manufacturer quickly produce professional documents with this ideal printer for business individuals and small workteams . produce high-quality documents quickly and easily . print speeds of up to 22 pages per minute ( ppm ) and automatic two-sided printing ensure efficiency from start to finish with this desktop black-and-white laser printer . with instant-on technology , you do n't have to wait for the printer to warm up , and the first page prints in as few as 8.5 seconds . 125-sheet output bin led status lights provide printer and print job information one-door access to the easy-to-install print cartridge adjustable single-sheet multipurpose input slot for specialty paper enclosed 250-sheet input tray for standard paper 16 mb of standard printing memory and a powerful 133 mhz processor perform complex tasks quickly usb 2.0-compatible port for direct connections or optional bluetooth connectivity hp jetdirect fast ethernet embedded print server and hp jetdirect 802.11b g wireless ethernet embedded print server for flexible networking automatic two-sided printing provides effortless professional documents and reduces printing costs rear output door provides a straight-through path some illustrated components may be optional add-ons . share the printer 's value with versatile connectivity . designed for individuals as well as small workteams , the printer provides multiple connectivity options . the hp laserjet 1320 printer features simple usb 2.0-compatible and parallel port connectivity . count on hp reliability and performance . featuring a 133 mhz processor and 16 mb of ram ( expandable up to 144 mb of ram ) , the printer meets your business needs and gracefully handles complex documents . look sharp . enhance your business communications . the hp laserjet 1320 series printer delivers 1200 dpi resolution for consistently great documents . smooth hp microfine toner particles produce true hp laserjet print quality -- clear , sharp text characters , smooth grayscales , and deep blacks . for the best results , use hp papers and impress your clients and customers . print two-sided documents with ease . routinely printing on both sides with integrated automatic two-sided printing saves money and resources , virtually doubles your input capacity , and makes paperwork more manageable . maximize your potential . take advantage of compatibility . the printer is compatible with offices worldwide . print professional documents with pcl 6 , pcl 5e , or hp postscript level 2 emulation -- print language standards widely recognized in businesses around the world . design customized business documents . the hp laserjet 1320 series printer supports an array of hp papers , including hp matte brochure laser paper , hp soft gloss presentation laser paper , and hp labels . save valuable desk space . featuring an enhanced , compact design with no protruding trays , you can print simply and conveniently from almost anywhere in your office . simplify printer management with helpful alerts . the printer and hp supplies feature hp smart printing technology , which provides automatic alerts when a cartridge is low . hp suresupply enables convenient , online ordering . experience the freedom of a printer designed for your office . built to fit into your existing office environment , the printer supports a wide range of operating systems , including microsoft windows 98 , me , nt 4.0 , 2000 , windows server 2003 , and xp ; as well as macintosh os 9.x , os x 10.1 , 10.2 , and 10.3. hp printing and imaging systems help you create powerful , professional communications easily . hp printers , supplies , accessories , and services are designed to work together and are invented to meet your business needs . maintain your business , not your printer . designed with ease-of-use , real-time status , and supply management features , the hp laserjet 1320 series printer offers top-of-the-line capabilities while lowering your total cost of ownership by minimizing printer downtime . hp 's commitment to reliability lowers overall labor costs while minimizing employee downtime due to troubleshooting and printer servicing . in fact , hp is the only vendor to get an a rating on printer service and reliability twelve years in a row from pc magazine 's annual reader survey . the hp laserjet 1320 series printer provides the high-quality laser output you have come to expect from the industry leader . high-resolution , 1200 dpi laser imaging and an advanced toner formulation ensure great print quality for your business documents , and hp smart printing technology monitors and adjusts print cartridge characteristics to ensure consistent print quality throughout cartridge life . hp offers a variety of support options to assist you with setup and maintenance . start with the standard one-year , return to hp authorized service center warranty . to further ensure trouble-free operation and to maximize the capabilities of your printer you can upgrade your service and support options to include network installation and extended printer maintenance . the following table shows the printers tested , their manufacturer specified print speed and first page out times , if available , compared to the actual performance achieved during testing by qualitylogic . what 's in the box hp laserjet 1320 printer , hp laserjet print cartridge , getting started guide , cd ( includes software and user 's guide ) , power cord , 250-sheet input tray .
brother genuine dk-1209 small address paper label roll , die-cut paper labels , engineered for excellence , 800 labels per roll . printing high-quality labels is a breeze when you use brother genuine replacement labels for your brother label printers . developed to fit seamlessly into ( 12 ) brother label printers and made from dura-coated paper to ensure a professional-appearing label , the dk-1209 die-cut replacement labels measure 1.1 x 2.4 and includes 800 individual labels per roll . these labels can be printed directly from microsoft word , excel , and access with the simple click of a mouse . you can also use these small address labels for postcards , return standard-size envelopes , organizers , binders , small boxes , and more . since we use the best materials , printing and removing the labels from the backing is simple and they are easy to apply to multiple surfaces . using brother genuine replacement labels not only ensures high-quality prints , it can also protect your brother laser printer . using non-genuine brother supplies may result in damage to a brother label printer that may not ne covered under warranty . these small paper address labels are ideal to use with your brother ql-500 and ql-550 labeling systems . each box includes one roll of 800 individual die-cut labels . these are also compatible with brother ql-1050 , ql-1050n , ql-1060n , ql-500 , ql-550 , ql-570 , ql-570vm , ql-580n , ql-650td , ql-700 , ql-710w , and ql-720nw label printers . these small paper address labels ( 800 count ) are ideal for use with your brother ql-500 and ql-550 labeling systems . each label measures 1-1 7 by 2-3 7 inches ( 29 mm x 62 mm ) . one roll per box .
brother genuine , dk-2205 continuous paper label roll , cut-to-length label , 2.4  x 100 feet , ( 1 ) roll per box . printing custom-length , high-quality labels for multiple applications is easy when you depend on brother genuine replacement labels . the dk-2205 is a brother genuine replacement continual black on white label measuring 100 feet long by 2.4 inches wide . this style of label is perfect for offices or individuals who are looking to print longer labels for storage boxes , shipping packages , binders , envelopes , and more . they are made from dura-coated paper that makes them strong and durable and prints beautiful , high-quality black on white labels from brother label printers . you can use brothers intuitive label design software to develop elegant and custom-length labels or print directly from microsoft excel , word , or access with a mouse click . brother genuine replacement labels are not only professional-grade , they can protect your brother printers from damage . using non-genuine brother supplies may result in damage to a brother label printer that may not ne covered under warranty . each box of brother dk-2205 continual roll labels contains ( 1 ) 100-foot roll . they are sold on amazon.com as a single pack . this product is compatible with brother ql-1050 , ql-1050n , ql-1060n , ql-500 , ql-550 , ql-570 , ql-570vm , ql-580n , ql-650td , ql-700 , ql-710w , and ql-720nw label printers . this durable continuous paper tape is designed for use with the brother ql-500 and ql-550 labeling system . the tape measures 2-3 7 inches by 100 feet ( 62 mm by 30.48 meters ) . one roll per package .
brother genuine dk-1201 die-cut standard address labels  long lasting reliability , die-cut standard address paper labels , 1.14  x 3.5  individual label size , 400 labels per roll , ( 1 ) roll per box . printing professional labels is easy when you depend on brother genuine dk replacement labels for your brother ql label printers . the dk-1201 die-cut standard address label is a brother genuine replacement product that delivers long-lasting reliability you can trust to protect your investment . these replacement label rolls are ideal for brother ql-500 and ql-550 label printers . they are also compatible with 13 additional brother label printers . each die-cut label measures 1.14 x 3.5 inches ( 29mm x 90mm ) , with 400 individual white paper labels per replacement roll . brother genuine replacement labels are precision fit to work specifically with brother label printers . using non-genuine brother supplies may result in damage to a brother label printer that may not ne covered under warranty . the dk-1201 replacement label roll is precision-engineered with excellence in mind . the dk-1201 brother genuine replacement label includes ( 1 ) roll of 400-individual white paper labels . it is sold on amazon.com as a single or dual pack . this product is compatible with brother ql-1060 , ql-1050n , ql-1060n , ql-500 , ql-550 , ql-570 , ql-570vm , ql-580n , ql-650td , ql-700 , ql-710w , ql-720nw , ql-800 , ql-810w , and ql-820nwb label printers . these standard address paper labels ( 400 count ) are ideal for use with your brother ql-500 and ql-550 label printers . each label measures 1-1 7 by 3-1 2 inches ( 29mm x 90mm ) . one roll per box .
at & t 945 4-line speakerphone with intercom . the at & t 945 4-line speakerphone with intercom . speakerphone is expandable to a 16 station telephone system . the 945 is compatible with at & t 974 , 984 , 944 , 955 and 964 telephones . the 945 is hearing aid compatible and can be connected to up to four incoming telephone lines . this phone features a speakerphone for hands-free use and a headset jack compatible with most two-band 2.5mm headsets ( sold separately ) . the 945 allows paging , intercom and call transfers between system phones and is capable of connecting three parties in a conference call . this phone also features a 32 number memory for faster dialing . 945 features : corded phone 4-line operation expandable up to 16 stations hearing aid compatible wall mountable speakerphone backlit lcd display ( 4-line ) 32 station phone directory dialer 3-way conferencing power failure operation speaker digital volume control selectable ringtones intercom paging call transfer chain dial rapid scroll auto line selection 2 data ports allows the connection of fax machines or modems 6 number redial hold mute pause flash do not disturb headset jack amazon.com product description a four-line corded phone with multi-user expandability to 16 stations , the 945 is a great choice for small businesses and busy households alike . a built-in speakerphone and headset compatibility allow you to communicate while engaging in other tasks , and two data ports allow you to take advantage of peripherals such as a modem or fax machine . a 32-number speed dial lets you easily call the most important numbers , while features such as call transfer and three-party conferencing allow you to manage incoming calls . additionally , an intercom feature lets you talk with any of the other phones on your system . the 945 works with any at & t model 974 , 984 , 944 , 955 , and 964 phones , so you can mix and match to suit your office 's needs . you can adjust speakerphone , headset , and ringer volume levels , and also choose between several ringer types . the 945 has a six-number redial , while mute , hold , and flash buttons provide additional functionality . with the base lcd screen , you can access your phone 's settings , and a memory loss protection feature saves your settings in case of a power failure . the 945 comes backed with a one-year limited warranty . what 's in the box user 's manual , two 7-foot line cords , one 8-inch line cord , handset , base unit , coiled handset cord , power adapter
fisher space pen bullet space pen with clip - matte black , gift boxed ( 400bcl ) . the original bullet space pen was conceived in july of 1948. paul fisher was soon machining a new pen design shaped from solid aluminum . it became the first fisher ball point pen , the # 400 bullet pen , is arguably the most popular pen of the twentieth century . this pen is now all brass with a matte black finish.when closed , the bullet space pen is the perfect size to carry in your wallet , pocket , purse , car glove box , organizer or toolbox . when open it 's a full sized , evenly balanced writing instrument . the patented ink cartridge was designed by paul fisher for nasa in the 1960 's enabling it to write in temperatures from -30 to +250 degrees fahrenheit , under water , in zero gravity , at any angle , even upside down . includes removable clip .
crosley candlestick phone cr64-brushed brass . the candlestick phone , also known as the upright ' initially became popular during the early 1900s before the introduction of the one-piece handset . the first candlestick phones were introduced when the magneto system was in use , which meant that the phone was connected to a large wooden box called a `` subset '' containing a battery , bell , and crank . but oh have we come a long way . from its bell-shaped mouthpiece to its cloth covered receiver cord , this telephone replica recalls a vintage instrument from the 1900 's . but a closer look reveals some modern technology including a decorative dial that functions as a push button for tone pulse operation as well as a center medallion that serves as a redial button . this modern day version of the candlestick phone would have surely made alexander graham bell proud .
sharpie ultra fine point permanent markers , 24-pack , 80 's glam assorted colors ( 32893pp ) . the industry-standard porous permanent marker pens offer a bold , smooth , high-quality writing experience . quick-drying , odorless ink wo n't smear or bleed through paper , and is fade-resistant , water-resistant , and ap-certified non-toxic . available in a variety of colors and marks permanently on most items . ultra-fine tipped marker with non-toxic , quick-drying blue ink . made in the usa .
sharpie fine electro pop marker , fine point , assorted , 24 pack ( 1927350 ) , package may vary . charged with color , sharpie electro pop permanent markers inspire you to transform ordinary surfaces into mind-blowing creative statements . made to write practically everywhere , these vivid sharpie markers replace dull and boring with stimulating and thrilling . the original permanent marker , sharpie has iconic ink that dries quickly and resists both water and fading . while pale imitations wither away , sharpie markers make creations that endure . featuring a bold fine point built for marks that pop , sharpie permanent markers ignite courageous self-expression .
avery cd labels , white matte , 40 cd labels and 80 spine labels ( 8960 ) . covers 100 % of the cd , allowing more space for customized logos , graphics and text . easy-to-hold tabs secure label for perfect centering every time . br br with avery 8960 matte white full-face cd labels , identifying cds and dvds is quick and painless . you can catalog digital photos , music , and important backup disks , or create professional looking demos and presentations labeled with photo-quality graphics and crisp text , all using your own inkjet printer . downloadable designpro software and free templates are available from avery.com to help you start designing , and avery even makes a special applicator that can help you apply these precut labels quickly and precisely ( not included ) . a special cd drive and player guarantee ensures that these label wo n't lift , peel off , or wrinkle , as long as they are not exposed to extreme temperatures or humidity . what 's in the box 40 disk labels and 80 spine labels .
vaultz locking dvd and video game lock box , 9.25 x 7.25 x 9.75 inches , black ( vz01047 ) . vaultz offers a wide range of fashionable security storage products that allow you to store , transport and protect the things that are important to you . the vaultz locking dvd and game lockbox is ideal for the portable storage of dvds or video games . a secure combination lock keeps the contents protected , while a chrome handle offers comfortable carrying . the sturdy design features chrome steel corners and metal trim , which look sleek and contemporary and provide the ultimate in security . if its important , play it safe and lock it up ! with vaultz .
polycom soundstation2w ex mic pods ( 2200-07840-001 ) . 72 '' cable lengthmono sound mode300hz to 3.5khz frequency responsedesktop
avery cd labels - 100 disc labels & 200 spine labels ( 8691 ) . avery dennison corporation is a global manufacturer and distributor of pressure-sensitive adhesive materials , apparel branding labels and tags , rfid inlays , and specialty medical products .
avery cd dvd label applicator ( 5699 ) . easy-to-use applicator for applying cd dvd labels . centers label perfectly every time . tall center spindle prevents label curl . global product type : label applicators , media : cd dvd , colors ) : black , quantity : 1 each . br br apply custom labels with precision using the avery cd dvd label applicator 5699. creating sophisticated presentations , product demos , and clearly-labeled archives is easy when you print your own , high-quality cd and dvd labels , and this easy-to-use applicator centers them perfectly every time , so you never have to worry about an unsteady hand resulting in an unbalanced disk . this compact device fits neatly inside a drawer or on your desk , so it 's always ready when you need to press a new disk and label it professionally . what 's in the box cd dvd label applicator .
hp premium plus photo paper , soft gloss ( 100 sheets , 4 x 6 inch with tab ) . hp 's best all-around photo paper . exceptional fade resistance . ideal for high-resolution digital photos , reprints , photo albums and business applications .
canon p23-dh v 2 color mini-desktop printing calculator . cnmp23dhv .the next generation portable printing calculator has arrived . features time calculation where time based fee structures are needed . delivers high performance for your everyday calculations . time and date function enables you to view the time and date with a quick glance . ability to perform profit margin calculations with the touch of just a few keys . builtin low battery indicator to alert you when it 's time to change the batteries . calculator type : printing ; global product type : calculators ; calculator style : n a ; power source ( s ) : ac ; battery . product details : markup down key : no . time date : yes . ribbon roller printer : roller . replacement roll paper : unv35720 . pre consumer recycled content percent : 0 pct . fraction decimal conversions : no . fraction calculations : no . power source ( s ) : ac , battery . percent key ( s ) : no . global product type : calculators printing . calculator type : printing . total recycled content percent : 0 pct . size : 6 2 5w x 9 1 10d . display notation : numeric . number of display digits : 12. replacement batteries : 4 aa , evee91bp4 . tax calculation : yes . decimal function : yes . + switch key : yes . display characters height : 18.0 mm . post consumer recycled content percent : 0 pct . item count function : yes . print color ( s ) : purple , red . display angle : fixed . double zero key : yes . grand total key : no . replacement ribbon roller : nuknr42 . print speed ( lines per second ) : 2.0. display types : lcd . cost sell margin : yes . currency exchange function : no . package : includes paper roll , instruction manual and ac adapter . warranty : manufacturer 's limited one year warranty .
victor wood midnight black collection , 4-shelf desktop organizer , black , ( 4720-5 ) . the victor midnight black collection brings a fresh perspective to desk accessories by offering functional solutions with appealing design elements . the 4720-5 desktop organizer provides four shelves and one large drawer for flexible storage of files and desk supplies . the sliding door on top pulls out and closes in front to easily hide contents when you want a clean look . combine two or more desktop organizers to create an elegant literature rack or storage system . features sturdy 11.9 lb . wood construction with a durable double coated matte black finish . stylish 14 '' x 10.75 '' x 9.75 '' design with crown molding base makes a great addition to any desk . perfect for use either at home or in the office . enter the search term victor midnight black collection to see the entire lineup including : corner shelf , printer stand , stacking letter tray , business card holder , monitor riser , magazine holder , tidy tower , incline file , reversible book end , pencil cup with note holder .
clarity amplified corded big-button telephone with clarity power technology ( xl40 ) . this amplified phone is designed for those who are considered to have mild to moderate hearing loss . the xl-40 amplified telephone offers the latest in telecommunication technology to give you louder , clearer and more understandable conversations . no more missing words and frustrations . the xl-40 's powerful amplifier not only increases the incoming voice by 40+ decibels , it even allows you to adjust the tone to your hearing needs . its advanced electronic circuit design eliminates unwanted background noise to make every word clearer and easier to understand , all without any feedback or distortion . it has a super loud ringer with selectable ring tones . you 'll never miss another call again ! and , the xl-40 gives you extra large buttons with back lighting and high contrast graphics for optimum visibility and dialing ease . additional features include : digital signaler processor minimizes background noises , anti-feedback filter eliminates feedback and distortion , 12 memory dialing buttons , adjustable volume and tone control , extra loud ringer 95+db , hold redial flash buttons , visual voice mail unanswered call indicator , desk or wall mountable , a c adapter ( included ) with battery backup ( 4 ) aa alkaline batteries ( not included ) . 3.5mm jack for neckloops and other assistive listening devices .requires an rj11 modular phone jack and a standard 120 volt electrical outlet.hearing aid compatible . a powerful amplified phone ! this amplified phone is designed for those who are considered to have mild to moderate hearing loss . the xl-40 amplified telephone offers the latest in telecommunication technology to give you louder , clearer and more understandable conversations . no more missing words ! no more frustrations ! the xl-40 's powerful amplifier not only increases the incoming voice by 40+ decibels , it even allows you to adjust the tone to your hearing needs . its advanced electronic circuit design eliminates unwanted background noise to make every word clearer and easier to understand , all without any feedback or distortion . it has a super loud ringer with selectable ring tones . you 'll never miss another call again ! and , the xl-40 gives you extra large buttons with back lighting and high contrast graphics for optimum visibility and dialing ease . additional features include : digital signaler processor minimizes background noises , anti-feedback filter eliminates feedback and distortion , 12 memory dialing buttons , adjustable volume and tone control , extra loud ringer 95+db , hold redial flash buttons , visual voice mail unanswered call indicator , desk or wall mountable , a c adapter ( included ) with battery backup ( 4 ) aa alkaline batteries ( not included ) . 3.5mm jack for neckloops and other assistive listening devices .requires an rj11 modular phone jack and a standard 120 volt electrical outlet.hearing aid compatible .
pilot the shaker mechanical pencil , 0.5mm hb lead , black barrel , 1-pack ( 50026 ) . the shaker : the mechanical pencil that revolutionized the industry ! with a rubber grip and refillable 0.5mm lead and eraser , just shake twice , and it 's ready to write !
martin yale model 1217a medium-duty autofolder for 11 x 17 inches paper , grey ( pre1217a ) . if you have an in-house print department , then you need the model 1217a . it 's a perfect fit for in-house printing and medium to large size mailrooms . automatically feeds , folds , and collects a stack of folded documents . has large fully adjustable paper guides for making it easy to use and accurate . the larger rubber rollers help to keep the paper feeding consistent , giving you professional folds everytime . comes standard with excellent technical support .
premier 715 stackcut heavy-duty trimmer , green , table size 12-1 2 '' x 15 '' , permanent 1 2 '' grid and dual english and metric rulers . heavy-duty trimmer with a precision-angled , steel blade that cuts stack of up to 30 sheets . it will accurately cut paper , matte board , cardboard , film , tissue and textiles for any project . use the permanent 1 2 inches gid with dual english and metric rulers .
tabletop king p7400 rapidfold automatic light-duty desktop 8 1 2 '' x 14 '' paper folding machine . the perfect office helper . it sits on the edge of a table or desk waiting to assist you . you 've got a mailing to do , no problem the p7400 will get it done for you . it automatically feeds and folds a stack of documents up to 8 1 2 '' x 14 '' . it 'll even fold up to 3 sheets stapled or not . comes with auto jam detect and auto shut-off . do n't worry about getting it set up , if you need help our expert technicians are there to help . with the ability to turn a stack of programs , newsletters , or single sheets into perfectly folded pieces , the premier auto folder is ideal for use by churches , schools , small businesses , mailrooms , and other organizations . the auto folder is a high speed unit that takes a stack of up to 50 , 20-pound sheets of paper and folds them into many common folds . stapled and unstapled sets of up to three sheets can be folded by hand-feeding documents into the feed table bypass . hand-feeding of multiple page sets can also be performed on this unit . manufactured in the united states , this folder handles sheet sizes from 3-1 2 x 5 inches to 8-3 4 x 14 inches , and handles 16- to 28-pound bond stock .
avery t-shirt transfers for light fabric , 8.5 '' x 11 '' , 18 transfers - make your own christmas shirt ( 8938 ) . show your team 's spirit with these t-shirt transfers . get free templates from avery.com or use your own digital photos to create custom t-shirts for any occasion . unprinted iron-on transfer sheets feed easily through most inkjet printers , and a new color shieldformula ensures crisp , long-lasting image quality and the brightest colors . perfect for company picnics , charity events or family reunions , tailor-made t-shirts will help your group show solidarity . quality results for a professional , fashionable look use to personalize your t-shirts , hats , aprons and even bags designed for use on light-colored 100 % cotton poly cotton blend fabrics color shieldformula means colors stay bright , even after being washed get downloadable free templates and clip art images from avery.com personalize your clothing and accessories show off your creativity on white and light-colored materials using avery 8938 personal creations inkjet t-shirt transfers . these iron-on transfer sheets feed easily through most inkjet printers , and color shield technology ensures crisp image quality and bright colors that stay brilliant even after washing . if you need design ideas , free templates and clip art images are available on avery.com to get you started personalizing t-shirts , hats , and tote bags . these unique , custom items make great gift items for family members , uniforms for sports teams , and everyday wear for creative kids . what 's in the box 18 8-1 2 x 11-inch white light t-shirt transfers .
carl professional rotary paper trimmer 18 inch . professional rotary trimmer with 18 '' blade is ideal for a variety of office functions as well as school , arts and crafts projects . patented carl rails and premium carbide blades hold paper and paperboards firmly in place and cut more precisely . trimmer has a sturdy , metal calibrated base for accuracy and added stability and features preset measurements for common-sized items . use trimmer to cut mat board , cardstock , plastic sheets , and more . blade cuts up to 10 sheets of standard copy paper . use optional b-series blades ( not included ) for 11 different cutting patterns . ideal for creating cards , scrapbook pages , borders , invitations , and more , the carl bidex professional rotary trimmer is versatile enough for use at home , school , or at the office . this trimmer provides precise , accurate cuts with the included premium carbide blade that can cut up to 10 sheets of standard 20-pound paper at once . the trimmer 's patented rail system holds paper firmly to ensure a sharp edge and exact cut . a pre-calibrated sturdy metal base features preset measurements for common-sized items . other features include updated graphics , rulers , and an easy-to-see grid that makes it easy to trim materials . with the ability to cut mat board , card stock , plastic sheets , and more , this trimmer comes with a manufacturer 's limited lifetime warranty ( warranty excludes blade and cutting mats ) .
carl heavy duty rotary paper trimmer 15inch - 12220 . green machineheavy duty 36 sheet rotary papertrimmer : is green friendly trimmer , cuts cardstock , artist board , plastic sheets and more . patented locking rail mechanism and the luminous paper holder is made of light harvesting acrylic that makes cutting easy and accurate . the adjustable magnetic paper guide holds materials on a calibrated metal baseboard . features a storage compartment for extra blades and mats . spare cutting mat , straight blade , and perforating blade included.limited lifetime warranty ( excluding blades andcutting mats ) .
3m adjustable monitor stand , three leg segments simply adjust height from 1 '' to 5 7 8 '' , sturdy platform holds up to 80 lbs , 11-inch space between columns for storage , silver black ( ms80b ) . contemporary design with stacking columns raises monitor from 1 '' to 5 7 8 '' in increments of 1 5 8 '' to an ergonomically correct level . features 11 '' of storage space underneath to maximize desk space . great for laptops , printers or monitors up to 80 lbs . no-skid base keeps stand in place .
canon mp11dx printing calculator . cnmmp11dx durable and spacious keyboard layout is enhanced by the sculpted key shape . brushed nickel design coordinates with a variety of office decors . provides an easy-to-operate keypad for quick entries . calculator type : printing ; global product type : calculators ; calculator style : n a ; power source .
lathem time 5000ep 5000e plus electronic time recorder document stamp numbering machine , cool gray . this ni-cad battery pack can power the latham electronic time recorder model 5000e up to 24 hours during an outage . so make sure to keep one on hand because you never know when you 'll lose power .
rolodex mesh collection single-pocket wall file , black ( 21931 ) . the rolodex mesh collection single-pocket wall file features an arched design that allows for easy access to contents in the files you store . mesh collection desk accessories have a simple and elegant industrial look and sturdy metal construction . the organizer accommodates documents , folders , and literature of many common sizes , and serves as a magazine rack . mounts flush to wall easily with 2 screws . 3.375 inches long by 14 inches wide by 8.5 inches high .
eldon office products 21961 three-pack wire mesh wall files , letter , three pockets , black . arched design allows for easy access to file contents . accommodates materials up to 13 1 2 wide . modern mesh styling with rolled steel construction . mounts flush to wall . includes mounting hardware . 14w x 3 3 8d x 8 1 2h .
montblanc pen refill for legrand rollerball , medium point , black ( 15164 ) . pen refill for legrand rollerball 162 , medium point , blue
vuryte 4855 2 '' monitor stand , graphite black .
max ec-30a max model ec-30a electronic checkwriter , 10-digit , 14-3 8w x 9-1 8d x 3-3 4h . max ec-30a max model ec-30a electronic checkwriter , 10-digit , 14-3 8w x 9-1 8d x 3-3 4h
pendaflex 99375 self-adhesive vinyl pockets , clear front white backing , 3w x 5h , 100 box . individual pockets adhere almost anywherefile folders , file jackets , binders , and more . peel-off self-adhesive provides a clean , professional look . clear front and white back for easy visibility .
hp 94 black original ink cartridge ( c8765wn ) for hp deskjet 460 6830 6840 6988 8150 8450 9800 hp officejet 150 h470 7210 7310 7410 j6480 hp psc 1510 1610 2355 hp photosmart 2575 8750 b8350 . hp 94 black original ink cartridge ( c8765wn ) . hp 94 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet 460 , 6830 , 6840 , 6988 , 8150 , 8450 , 9800. hp officejet 150 , h470 , 7210 , 7310 , 7410 , j6480 . hp psc 1510 , 1610 , 2355. hp photosmart 2575 , 8750 , b8350 . cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 480 pages . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 94 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 94 ink cartridge ( c8765wn ) color : black .
northwestern bell big-button corded phone plus with 13-number memory ( 20200-1 ) . visual ring indicator raised keyswith braille keypad 13-number memory speakerphone with led indicator & volume control power failure protection tone pulse dialing hearing aid compatible ( hac ) adjustable ringer volume adjustable handset volume last number redial hold & pause function flash capability desk wall-mountable white
el-2196bl desktop calculator , 12-digit fluorescent , 2-color printing , black red . el2196bl 2-color roller printing calculator
monster ai studiolink istudiolink 1 4-inch mono female to 1 8-inch stereo male instrument interconnect cable . monster istudiolink ai studio link 0.25-inch to 0.13-inch adapter
quartet prestige plu , premium magnetic total erase dry-erase porcelain board , 4 x 3 feet , mahogany finish frame ( p554m ) . communicate with style and efficiency . ideal for heavy-use environments , the prestige plus magnetic total erase porcelain boards blend exceptional functionality and elegant design . the duramax porcelain will not scratch or dent with heavy-use . the smooth , easy-to-maintain total erase surface will not stain or ghost , looking new , even after years of use . the steel-backed porcelain creates a magnetic surface , doubling its uses for communication and collaboration needs . a patented easy mount hanging system allows for quick and secure installation . an attached marker tray conveniently stores markers and accessories . the board comes complete with quick clips for posting documents and four quartet dry-erase markers . bold , contoured styling and a variety of frame finishes allow you to customize any meeting room with sophisticated style and high design .
3 mil clear letter size thermal laminating pouches 9 x 11.5 qty 100 ( unv84622 ) . 3 mil clear letter size thermal laminating pouches 9 x 11.5 qty 100 ( unv84622 ) by universal office products
rolodex vinyl business card book with a-z tabs , holds 96 cards of 2.25 x 4 inches , black ( 67467 ) . protect and transport important contact information with this black vinyl business card book . includes transparent pages and a-z tabs for quick and easy organization . card holder type : business card book , global product type : card holders , number of compartments : n a , card capacity : 96 .
fisher space pen multi action space pen ( q4 ) . 5 7 8 inch overall length . dark gunmetal finish with a rubber lower barrel , providing excellent grip . four functions : red ink , black ink , pencil and stylus . eraser located under end button . uses pressurized ink . gift box . writes reliably under extreme conditions : over fingerprints , over grease , extreme cold ( -50 degreec ) , extreme heat ( +200 degreec ) , over wet paper , in a vacuum , and at any angle , even upside down .
polycom soundstation2 expandable conference phone ( 2200-16200-001 ) . full duplex for natural simultaneous 2-way conversationremarkable voice quality and clarity from up to 10 ' away noise reduction technology provides maximum microphone sensitivity while reducing distracting room and background noise360-degree microphone coverage with intelligent mixing- so only the microphone closest to the speaker is on for crystal clear conferencingfamiliar and easy to use with redial mute transfer and hold functionsphone lines : 1 x analog phone features : conference call caller id speed dial - up to 25 entries phone book - up to 25 entrieslarge backlit display password protected configuration settings for administratorsinterfaces ports : 2-pin rj-11buttons & keys : 12 x alphanumeric - telephone keypad volume control - up down mute button on off programmable button redial hold button 1-year warrantycolor : black12 1 4 '' w x 2 1 2 '' h x 14 1 2 '' d consoleincludes 21 ' cord to console and 7 ' telco cable to rj-11 telephone jack remarkable voice quality . the new standard for everyday conferencing . the soundstation2 , polycom 's next generation conference phone , is redefining the standard for business-quality voice conferencing . with industry-leading full duplex for natural , simultaneous two-way conversation , the soundstation2 will exceed your expectations in medium to small conference rooms . delivering remarkable voice quality equal to the soundstation premier and a 50 % increase in microphone sensitivity over the award-winning soundstation , users can speak in a normal voice and be heard clearly up to ten feet away -- making every call a more productive call . soundstation2 provides users with features , including a large backlit display that offers easily visible call information and telephone functions . smart technology , such as dynamic noise reduction ( dnr ) , provides maximum microphone sensitivity , while reducing distracting room and background noise . and the soundstation2 offers 360-degree microphone coverage with intelligent mixing -- so only the microphone closest to the speaker is on for crystal clear conferencing . add traditional telephone features like redial , mute , transfer , and hold and you have a conference phone that 's also familiar and easy to use . improve the quality and increase the productivity of your next conference call with the polycom soundstation2 . it 's the conference phone you wo n't stop talking about ! the new standard for everyday conferencing to access the power of polycom unified collaborative communications solutions . with the greatest breadth and depth of integrated video , voice , and web solutions , only polycom delivers the ultimate communications experience . our market-leading conferencing and collaboration technologies , supported by world-class service , enable people and organizations to maximize their effectiveness and productivity . add to that the most experience and proven best-practices in the industry , and it 's clear why polycom has become the smart choice for organizations seeking a strategic advantage in a real-time world . benefits : features : what 's in the box soundstation2 tabletop phone console , 21-foot cord to console , 7-foot telco cable to rj-11 telephone jack , user documentation ( user guide cd , quick installation guide , registration card )
polycom soundstation 2 non expandable analog conference phone ( 2200-16000-001 ) . the users can speak in a normal voice and be heard clearly up to 10 feet away , making every call a more productive call . the phone 's smart technology , such as dynamic noise reduction ( dnr ) , provides maximum microphone sensitivity , while reducing distracting background noise . the soundstation 2 offers 360-degree microphone coverage with intelligent mixing .
cosco 2000 plus self-inking two-color type received dater , 1 1 2 inches ( 011034 ) . imprint 360 your # 1 source for quality business products specializing in stamps and signs cosco 2 color self-inking received & date stamp blue red 2 color ink simultaneously prints received in blue and the date in red message size : 1 '' x 1-1 2 '' , impression size : 1 3 4 '' x 1 '' easy replaceable pad , just snap out the old pad and snap in a new one . high quality stamp will provide years of service .
epson photo and business card feeder b12b813372 . main features
brother genuine black toner cartridge , tn350 , replacement black toner , page yield up to 2,500 pages . the use of brother genuine replacement toner cartridges like the tn-350 produce sharp , black and white pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother tn-350 replacement laser black toner cartridge is for use with 10 brother products . this professional cartridge is intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison without compromising the quality of the print . the brother genuine tn-350 replacement black toner cartridge can print approximately 2,500 pages ( 1 ) . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . this replacement cartridge is for use with the following brother printers and all-in-ones ; dcp7020 , intellifax2820 , intellifax2910 , intellifax2920 , hl2040 , hl2070n , mfc7220 , mfc7225n , mfc7420 , mfc7820n . you 'll want to have one of these on hand when that toner light starts flashing : just snap this black toner cartridge into place and you 'll be up and running again . compatible with brother laser printer models hl-2040 and hl-2070n , the tn350 has an expected lifetime yield of 2,500 pages ( based on 5 % coverage ) . designed for optimal use with brother name-brand consumables , its fine particles help produce the rich blacks and subtle shades of gray that help your pages look clear , legible , and cleanly professional-looking .
brother fax-575 personal fax , phone , and copier . brother fax-575 personal fax , phone , and copier a convenient communications tool for a range of personal and home office applications , the new fax 575 is a compact , stylish plain-paper fax with an unobtrusive footprint that works well in typical home or home office environments . special attention to compatibility with home telephone usage lets it switch seamlessly between fax and telephone modes , allowing customers to receive fax and voice calls on a single line . features :
brother hl-2070n network monochrome laser printer ( black ) . hl-2070n laser printer with built-in ethernet network interface from the manufacturer the hl-2070n laser printer is ideal for users who need to share a printer . offering the same footprint , print speed , and paper capacity as the hl-2040 , the hl-2070n also includes a number of additional features . these include 16mb of standard memory , pcl6 emulation , and a built-in ethernet network interface . it comes with web-based printer management capability , as well as other network management tools to make setting up and using your printer on your wired or wireless home network fast and easy . these features make the hl-2070n ideal for home or home office printer sharing . printers that deliver outstanding print quality the hl-2070n is ideal for anyone who needs to produce high-quality output . with hq1200 print resolution ( up to 2,400 x 600 dpi ) , these printers can deliver the crisp text and graphics to produce professional looking letters , reports , spreadsheets , and other important documents . the hl-2070n will ensure that your work always looks its best . paper handling flexibility the hl-2070n can handle a wide variety of media . it features 250-sheet paper capacity and a single-sheet manual feed slot . the manual feed slot accommodates letterhead , envelopes , or other media up to 43 lbs . toner save mode to help you save money and toner when printing a variety of text-based documents , the hl-2070n allow you to choose a toner save mode . most text-only documents can be printed using toner save mode with minimal impact to print quality . for documents that include graphics or a combination of text and graphics , the printer 's default mode ( toner save mode `` off '' ) is recommended for the best quality output . advanced features that go beyond your expectations the hl-2070n printers offer many advanced features that will exceed your expectations and reaffirm their value . these include : extensive user support the hl-2070n printers feature a variety of innovative and useful support tools . a user-friendly driver installation routine auto-detects your operating system as well as any installed options . animated tutorials answer common maintenance and support questions . this highly visual system provides direct , step-by-step help . for added support , the brother solution center ( http : solutions.brother.com ) is an online repository of information , driver downloads , user manuals and faqs to help you get the most out of your printer . service and support are part of the package your technology investment is backed by our dedication to comprehensive service and support . we provide toll-free technical support , a one-year limited warranty , and the online brother solutions center , all backed by our nationwide network of authorized customer-care centers . extensive compatibility the hl-2070n is windows and mac compatible and come with a complete set of drivers for both platforms . the printer also offers usb 2.0 full speed and parallel interfaces for greater flexibility ( cables not included ) . what 's in the box printer , drum unit and toner cartridge assembly , quick setup guide , cd-rom , ac power cord ; usb , ethernet , and parallel cables not included
pacon invar2410 gowrite ! adhesive dry-erase roll , 24 '' x 10 ' . gowrite ! dry erase rolls make an old chalkboard or a worn out dry erase board new again ! these rolls make it easy to do . each roll measures 24-inches by 10-feet and has a full-adhesive backing , so it 's easy and convenient to put up . create a dry erase board almost anywhere ! works on conference room tables , desks , walls , doors and almost any hard , smooth , clean , non-porous surface . wo n't leave residue behind and erases cleanly . gowrite ! dry erase rolls are recyclable . gowrite ! dry erase products allow you to let your imagination shine ! the bigoffice dry erase sheets let you turn any surface into a dry erase board . markers are guaranteed to not bleed through , and the self-stick removable sheets erase easily . the sheets are also laser printer and copier compatible for easy customization .
logitech 2.4 ghz cordless presenter ( black ) . focuses easily on your presentation . easy to adjust . gives automatic two and five minute vibration warnings . you can launch a slideshow and escape . allows you to black out the screen . it has volume control . integrated laser . plug and play with any pc . - no software . from the manufacturer the logitech cordless 2.4 ghz presenter helps you focus on connecting with your audience , not your computer . take advantage of its 50-foot range to control your presentations while moving around an auditorium with confidence . a built-in lcd timer with vibration alerts at five and two minutes helps you effectively manage your time . the presenter 's extended 50-foot range lets you move around with confidence . no software is required -- just plug it in and it works . the built-in controls for  launch slideshow ,  slide forward ,  slide back ,  black screen and  volume put the most-needed presentation tools in the palm of your hand . theres even an integrated laser pointer to help you emphasize your key messages .
bic xtra-sparkle mechanical pencil , medium point ( 0.7 mm ) , 24-count . bring a touch of fun to your writing with the bic xtra-sparkle mechanical pencil , the # 1 selling mechanical pencil* . decorated with eye-catching sparkles , these colorful pencils are a smart choice for standardized tests , note-taking , and other everyday writing tasks . the smooth-writing # 2 lead advances with a simple click and does not require sharpening -- so youre always prepared to write . the leads also resist smudging and erase cleanly to help keep your work tidy . and thanks to their refillable design , these pencils can be used again and again . ( *source : the npd group , inc. retail tracking service u.s. actual unit sales jan 2016-dec 2016 )
std334sb20a6 - staedtler triplus fineliner pens . std334sb20a6 - staedtler triplus fineliner pens
epson stylus photo r1800 ink jet printer ( c11c589011 ) . epson stylus photo r1800 quickly creates large , archival quality glossy and matte photos worthy of display . experience the rich , true-to-life colors and subtle detail that 's evident in every image . it 's all possible with epson ultrachrome hi-gloss inks , plus an industry leading resolution and ink droplet size - the same innovative features that made the epson stylus photo r800 a resounding success . this printer 's impressive 8-color individual ink system , which incorporates red and blue inks , means you get a wider color gamut for incredibly vivid photos . its separate matte and photo black ink cartridges are integrated into the system as well , so you get the deepest , darkest blacks on matte paper , and brilliant results on glossy paper automatically . finally , the unique gloss optimizer makes glossy prints look like they came from a traditional photo lab . and , since the inks are pigment-based , you can be confident the color and detail will remain true for up to 200 years . the epson stylus photo r1800 delivers studio quality results on a wide variety of media and in eight popular borderless sizes - up to 13-inches wide , as well as panoramics up to 44-inches long . best of all , the epson stylus photo r1800 speeds through every project - so you can quickly print stacks of high-quality photos . and , its expertise goes well beyond the art of photographic prints . this photo printer makes it easy to add that special touch to your portfolio with professional quality printing on ink jet printable cds and dvds . print directly on inkjet printable cds dvds accomodates 4 , 8.3 and 13 roll papers ink shelf life - 2 years from production date ; 6 months from first use input paper tray - 100 sheets ( plain paper ) 20 sheets ( photo paper ) 1 printable cd dvd printer dimensions & weight ( l x w x h ) - 24.2 x 12.6 x 9.1 weight - 33 pounds works with windows pc and macintosh note : if the epson r1800 is not available in the timeframe you need , consider purchasing the r800 instead . the r800 often ships faster and has a lower price but does not support wide-format printing . the epson stylus photo r1800 is the photographer 's choice for large archival photos . taking epson 's award-winning technology one step further , the printer quickly creates large , archival quality glossy and matte photos worthy of display . experience the rich , true-to- life colors and subtle detail that 's evident in every image . it 's all possible with epson ultrachrome hi-gloss inks , plus an industry leading resolution and ink droplet size -- the same innovative features that made the epson stylus photo r800 a resounding success . print directly onto cds the epson stylus photo r1800 delivers studio quality results on a wide variety of media and in eight popular borderless sizes -- up to 13-inches wide , as well as panoramics up to 44 inches long . best of all , the epson stylus photo r1800 speeds through every project , so you can quickly print stacks of high-quality photos . the r1800 's expertise goes well beyond the art of photographic prints . this photo printer makes it easy to add that special touch to your portfolio with professional quality printing on inkjet-printable cds and dvds . what 's in the box printer , ink cartridges , small cd insert , printers software cd-rom , cd position check paper , user 's guide , matte sheet support , roll paper holders , single sheet guide , cd dvd tray , firewire ieee1394 cable ; usb cable not included
panasonic kx-tsc11w corded phone with caller id , white . kxtsc11w- 1-line integrated phone system . the corded design of this classic phone may look old-fashioned , but you 'll be glad to have it on hand in the event of a power outage . you can place the base on a convenient surface or easily mount it on the wall , saving on counter space . a 50-number phone book lets you store your most frequently called numbers , and the 20-number redial allows you to easily resume interrupted conversations . with subscription to local service , the three-line lcd screen lets you know the name and number of callers -- and stores up to 50 calls in its memory , that you can return at the touch of a button . the phone is white with a gray keypad . the kx-tsc11w comes with a one-year warranty covering parts and service . what 's in the box handset , handset cord , base , phone cord , user 's guide , warranty card
ameriphone xl50 phone with 60-db amplification and large keypad ( white ) . ameriphone uses the latest communications technologies to develop superior-quality products that truly meet the unique needs of its customers . the xl-50 model features a powerful amplifier that increases incoming sounds up to 60 db for extra loud and clear conversations . an adjustable tone control lets you customize the amplifier for optimum word clarity ; it makes similar sounding words crystal clear and easier to understand . the amplifier can be set to turn on automatically or manually every time you lift the handset . the xl-50 also features an audio output jack for connection to a headset , a neck loop or a cochlear implant . the phone 's extra-bright ring flasher and super loud ringer ( 95 + db ) with adjustable tone let you know when your phone is ringing and a missed call indicator lets you know that you have missed a call . the ameriphone xl50 amplified corded phone , by clarity , features clarity power technology to make words not only louder , but also clearer and easier to understand . with up to 60 decibels of amplification , the xl50 is an ideal solution for those with a moderate-to-severe hearing loss or low vision . what is clarity power technology ? knowing the sound of a loved one 's voice is only a phone call away ... that 's the power of clarity . sometimes it 's the little things in life that matter most . it 's the way a grandchild laughs at your stories . it 's the thrill of hearing the happiness in your daughter 's voice . and it 's as simple as the sound of a 'hello ' from a friend , many miles away . but for millions of americans , it 's the simplest things that are missing from their everyday lives . you see , more than one in ten people living in the united states experience some form of hearing loss . in fact , a recent study found that 50 % of all baby boomers experience a hearing loss . for many of those people -- over 90 % -- the ability to hear high frequency sounds is severely compromised . it 's a problem that affects people with a technical inability to communicate , but it can also lead to emotional isolation as people lose the ability to communicate easily over the telephone . clarity power not only makes amplified telephone calls not only louder , but also clearer and easier to understand . the patented clarity power technology amplifies and shapes high frequencies to enhance communications for the millions of people who experience high frequency hearing loss , the most common type of hearing loss . features include : what 's in the box : handset , base unit , phone cords , telephone line cords , handset coil cord , mounting plate , user manual and quick guide .
trend enterprises , inc. kindergarten basic skills learning chts combo pk , set 5 . create inviting , exciting spaces with eye-catching charts and lots of learning ! convenient 5-chart pack for pkk includes shapes , numbers , colors , alphabet , and opposites . extra value : reproducibles on back . durable . 17 '' x 22 '' .
rubbermaid commercial heavy-duty 2- shelf utility cart , ergo handle , lipped shelves , medium , beige ( fg4520088beig ) . the rubbermaid utility cart with 2 lipped shelves , small , is constructed of sturdy structural foam that will not dent , chip , or peel and offers ergonomic handles for perfect hand placement . deep , lipped shelves help keep up to 500 lbs . of materials secure when the cart is rolling , so tools and supplies wo n't slip or slide off . crafted with rounded corners to protect walls and furniture , this rolling cart has 5 '' non-marking swivel casters for lightweight maneuverability . with handle compartments for additional storage , molded fittings for rolled supplies , an easy-access lipped bottom shelf , and a lipped top shelf , this is a versatile and indispensable utility cart for any facility .
brother intellifax 2820 laser fax machine and copier . intellifax fax-2820 plain paper laser fax designed to be used in a home office or small business setting , the brother intellifax-2820 laser fax machine offers a range of features that work together to address all your faxing needs . it offers a low cost per page that only laser technology can bring to the table , and its impressive performance is both fast and reliable . and with plenty of time-saving features , like a 20-page automatic document feeder ( adf ) and print copy capabilities , the intellifax-2820 is an affordable choice for those who demand quality , performance , and reliability . the intellifax-2820 laser fax at-a-glance : front-loading , 250-sheet paper capacity . 14.4k bps fax modem . black and white copies at up to 15 cpm . 20-page automatic document feeder . fax , copy , and print with high-quality laser output with a fast and reliable 14.4 kbps fax modem , the intellifax-2820 transmits faxes within a matter of seconds . and with its time-saving quickscan feature , you can retrieve your original and get back to work while the document is being sent from memory . in addition to faxing , the intellifax-2820 also prints and copies . view larger . the intellifax-2820  s laser print technology can be used to make black-and-white copies , too , producing copies at speeds of up to 15 copies per minute ( cpm ) . you can also reduce or enlarge copies in 1 % increments between 50 % and 200 % . the intellifax-2820 's capabilities do n't end there : this versatile machine can also function as a 600 dpi laser printer . its built-in usb 2.0 interface allows you to print documents from your computer at speeds of up to 15 pages per minute ( ppm ) . no matter what function you use the intellifax-2820 for , you get crisp , professional quality laser output every time . built-in memory eliminates missed faxes with the intellifax-2820 laser fax , you never have to worry about missing an important fax due to power outages or running out of paper . the 8 mb internal memory can store up to 500 pages of faxes until power is restored or the paper is restocked . running out of paper wo n't happen often , though , thanks to the 250-sheet paper capacity . the front-loading paper tray ensures easy loading , and it does n't need to be restocked with paper as often as smaller capacity models . innovative features save time and money the intellifax-2820 requires just one phone line for fax and voice calls , so you do n't have to pay for a separate fax line , and it even has a built-in interface for seamlessly connecting an external answering machine on the same line . it includes a corded telephone handset and is caller id ready , for users subscribing to this service through their local telephone companies . the intellifax-2820 also boasts a number of time-saving features designed to increase the efficiency of business communications . it is capable of saving up to 220 numbers in its internal memory for fast and accurate speed dialing , and it allows you to automatically broadcast single faxes to as many as 270 recipients for ultra-quick bulk faxing . the brother intellifax-2820 measures 14.7 x 14.7 x 10.3 inches ( wxdxh ) , weighs 16.2 pounds , and has a maximum monthly duty cycle of 10,000 printed pages . it is covered by a one-year limited warranty and replacement service . what 's in the box intellifax-2820 laser fax , one starter toner cartridge ( approx.1,500 pages ) , one dr350 drum unit ( approx.12,000 pages ) , telephone line cord , telephone handset and curled cord , user guide , quick set-up guide
advantus cork map rail , 8 feet long x 2 inches high , aluminum trim ( 2031 ) . when you need to communicate or display posters , notices , charts , graphs or other items , advantus cork map rails are ideal ! this 8-foot long map rail is 2 inches high for use in compact spaces where a full bulletin board may not fit . its low profile cork strip allows you to hang items without the need of an old fashioned bulletin board . it works great with thumb tacks , map tacks and more ! economical and long lasting , advantus cork map rails are made in usa . advantus corp. is dedicated to providing innovative quality products at fair prices .
staedtler battery operated eraser . erasing your mistakes has never been easier . compact , lightweight battery-operated eraser uses 2 aaa batteries ( not included ) . comes with 10 extra graphite eraser refills - 1 inch .
pilot varsity disposable fountain pens , 7-pack pouch , assorted color inks ( 90029 ) . enjoy an old school writing style with this fashionable disposable fountain pen . each pilot varsity disposable fountain pen features a retro style barrel with a real fountain pen nib . other useful features include an advanced liquid ink system for smooth writing and a visible ink supply so you 'll never be caught off guard by an empty pen . pilot varsity disposable fountain pens - real fountain pens at an affordable price . enjoy an old school writing style with this fashionable disposable fountain pen . each pen in the pilot varsity disposable fountain pen assorted ink 7-pack pouch features a retro style barrel with a real fountain pen nib . other useful features include an advanced liquid ink system for smooth writing and a visible ink supply so you 'll never be caught off guard . what 's in the box pack of seven assorted pilot varsity disposable fountain pens
pilot g2 retractable premium gel ink roller ball pens , fine point , assorted colors , 8-pack ( 31128 ) . pilot g2 retractable gel ink pen
gbc solids standard presentation covers , non-window , square corners , black , 50 pieces per box ( 2514493 ) . sturdy plastic covers provide solid backup for your projects . made from heavy-duty plastic , they keep your work safe from spills and wear and tear . solid plastic covers are a great choice for use as front or back covers . they pair well with clear view presentation covers , or you can use a matched set of solids for an opaque look . unpunched covers can be used with any binding spine , in any binding style that suits your needs . clean-cut square corners bring definition to your bound projects for a neat presentation . a pack of 50 covers makes an excellent addition to your stock of office supplies .
elmo ev-400af visual presenter . elmo ev-400af analog visual presenter has been designed to meet the demands of the ever-growing highly diversified communications and presentation marketplace . the ev-400af analog visual presenter features both top and base lights , composite and s-video outputs , rs-232c port , autofocus , an 8x powered zoom and is remote control capable . the ev-400af analog visual presenter is capable to capture transparencies , slides , negatives , three-dimensional and opaque materials through any tv or video monitor or projection tv .
2554 single-line wall telephone . cortelco 2554 single-line wall telephone 255400-vba-20m corded home phones
epson picturemate deluxe viewer edition photo printer . epson picturemate dlx 4x6 pri from the manufacturer the picturemate deluxe viewer edition takes the personal photo lab one step further , making it even easier to view , edit , and print glossy 4x6 photos at an everyday low price . packed with many additional pc-free photo printing features , picturemate deluxe viewer edition is all you need to get brilliant fade-proof photos . convenient picturemate print packs with both photo cartridge and paper view photos in crystal-clear detail on the premium photo viewer . then , print using superior 6-color archival pigment inks , for photos that will stay brilliant for years longer than any other digital printing option . in fact , they outlast traditional film-processed photos as much as 2-4 times longer . and , they last longer than prints from other dedicated 4x6 photo printers by as much as 25 times.1 all this , and they 're even water and smudge-proof for worry-free handling . picturemate deluxe viewer edition provides an unbeatable value for superior lab quality photos . at around 29 cents per print , it 's as affordable as many labs and about half the cost of prints from most other 4x6 photo printers.2 the convenient picturemate print pack , with both photo cartridge and paper , has all you need to print stacks of beautiful photos . the printer initially comes with a starter photo cartridge and 20 sheets of paper . thereafter , you 'll purchase picturemate print packs , which contain 100 sheets of paper and a photo ink cartridge with an approximate 100-page yield . picturemate deluxe viewer edition is the perfect accessory for any digital camera , supporting all popular memory cards , plus direct camera printing with pictbridge . just insert your card , and then use the 2.4-inch adjustable viewer to select your photos , crop or make them lighter or darker , and instantly see your changes on-screen . with a unique print-by-date mode , you can even sort through hundreds of photos on large memory cards quickly and easily . in fact , you can print a brilliant 4x6 photo in as fast as 75 seconds.3 if you wish to use your computer with picturemate , it is windows and macintosh compatible . picturemate deluxe viewer edition also supports an optional internal battery , for improved portability . take home picturemate deluxe viewer edition today , and find out for yourself why it 's so easy to trust your memories to picturemate . what 's in the box picturemate deluxe viewer edition , power cord , starter picturemate photo cartridge , 20 sheets of picturemate photo paper , cd-rom , user manuals ; epson software film factory ( pc and macintosh compatible , p.i.m . and exif print-enabled ) ; usb cable not included notes 1 using the picturemate cartridge and picturemate paper , prints can last up to 200 years in archival sleeves in album storage and up to 100 years in a glass frame in indoor display conditions . see wilhelm-research.com for test conditions . actual print stability will vary according to image and storage or display conditions . epson does not guarantee the longevity of prints . 2 picturemate print pack includes a picturemate photo cartridge and 100 sheets of glossy 4 '' x 6 '' picturemate photo paper . 3 speed based on printing a color photo without a pc in border layout mode . additional processing time will vary based on system configuration , software application and page complexity .
dell 720 digital photo inkjet color printer . the dell 720 digital photo inkject color printer is a basic color inkjet printer printer produced by dell between 2004-2009. the 720 may have compatibility issues with newer age technology . as the printer was released with compatibility during the microsoft windows 2000 through xp operating system era , key hardware features like usb 1.0 1.1 and proprietary dell software drivers may hinder the ability for some users to connect and use this printer in conjunction with present era desktop laptop and operating system technology .
avery removable print or write labels for laser and inkjet printers , 0.75 inches , round , pack of 1008 ( 5408 ) . need a versatile label that sticks around only as long as you want it to ? look no further than these print or write removable labels . their 3 4 inch round size makes them ideal for labeling objects for sale , identifying the contents of containers , marking drawers and shelves and more . with free templates at avery.com , it 's easy to customize the labels and print them out on your laser or inkjet printer . removable adhesive makes the label stay put where you placed it but lets you peel it away easily when the label is no longer needed . with these labels , your labeling needs are met and you control the duration .
polycom soundstation 2 with power supply ( non expandable , non display ) . full duplex for natural simultaneous 2-way conversationremarkable voice quality and clarity from up to 10 ' away noise reduction technology provides maximum microphone sensitivity while reducing distracting room and background noise360-degree microphone coverage with intelligent mixing- so only the microphone closest to the speaker is on for crystal clear conferencingphone lines : 1 x analog phone features : conference callinterfaces ports : 2-pin rj-11 rcabuttons & keys : 12 x keypad navigation key flash button mute button on off volume control redial conference - programmable1-year warrantycolor : black12 1 4 '' w x 2 1 2 '' h x 14 1 2 '' d consoleincludes 21 ' cord to console and 7 ' telco cable to rj-11 telephone jack
hp psc 1510 all-in-one printer . hp psc 1510 all-in-one printer , scanner , copier with the compact hp psc 1510 all-in-one , everyone in the home can print , copy and scan in true-to-life color and laser-quality black . an intuitive control panel and eight one-touch buttons make it simple to create color or black-and-white copies up to 8.5 by 11 inches , and enlarge and resize photos for framing . print photos without a pc by connecting a pictbridge-enabled camera to the printer 's front usb port . or use your pc and included hp image zone software to organize , edit and print photos with or without borders up to 8.5-by-24-inch panorama . share photos by e-mail using hp instant share technology . print and copy in optional 6-ink color ( requires separate purchase of hp 99 photo inkjet cartridge ) , with hp vivera inks and 4800-optimized dpi ( when printing from a computer , with 1200-input dpi ) , and get true-to-life photos that resist fading for generations ( on hp premium plus photo papers using optional hp 99 photo inkjet cartridge ) and archived text documents that retain clarity for decades . features : save space with the compact size and fold-up paper tray print pictures directly from a pictbridge-enabled camera via the front usb port ; automatically remove red eye and enhance detail in dark areas with hp 's real life technologies print and copy photos in optional six-ink color1 and get laser-quality text with hp 's vivera inks organize and edit photos and do projects with the image zone software print panoramas and standard-size prints , with or without borders , as large as 8.5 x 24 '' ; enlarge and resize photos fast on the control panel resist photo fading for generations ; retain the clarity of laser-quality text for decades make sharp copies in color or black ( no computer needed ) in sizes to 8.5 x 11 '' with the one-touch button print and copy fast , at up to 20 pages per minute in black and up to 18 in color get high-quality scans of photos and documents with the 1200 x 1200 dpi optical resolution and 48-bit color use with a minimum of effort via an intuitive control panel and eight one-touch buttons e-mail and receive images without the hassle of large attachments with hp instant share stay on top of ink replacement with hp suresupply : receive alerts when a cartridge is low , monitor its remaining life , and enjoy easy online ordering or check stock and prices at nearby stores get peace of mind with the one-year hp limited warranty includes award-winning hp total care support , which features answers to all your questions via live , 24 x 7 online chat with a knowledgeable technician ; one-hour response to your e-mail ; toll-free , 24 x 7 support in english and spanish enjoy fast print and copy speeds up to 20 ppm black , up to 15 ppm color , and high-quality scanning at 1200 x 1200-dpi optical resolution , 48-bit color ( actual prints speeds will vary ) . what 's in the box hp psc 1510 all-in-one , hp 92 black inkjet print cartridge ( 5 ml ) , hp 93 tri-color inkjet print cartridge ( 5 ml ) , hp image zone photo and imaging software on cd-rom , setup booklet , user 's guide , power supply , power cord ; usb cable not included
casio fx-300es solar scientific calculator . high quality and durable calculator , scientific
epson stylus photo r2400 ink jet printer ( c11c603011 ) . epson stylus photo r2400 ink jet printer ( c11c603011 ) amazon.com product description a welcome addition to any photo studio or library archives , the epson stylus photo r2400 printer delivers large , archival prints that stand the test of time and are worthy of gallery display . achieve greater print quality and image control with the epson r2400 three separate paper paths support matte , glossy , canvas , posterboard , thick artist papers , and roll paper create stunning color and black and white prints with the epson stylus photo r2400 the epson stylus photo r2400 professional level ink set , the 8-color epson ultrachrome k3 inks , includes three levels of black and sets a new standard in fine art photography and black and white prints . with its expanded ink set , this printer ensures a wider color gamut and superior midtones , highlights , neutrals and shadow details making it ideal for professional quality prints . with its black , light black and light-light black inks , anyone can easily achieve amazing black and white prints . also , since these specail epson inks are pigment-based , they deliver fade-resistant works of art that stay brilliant for up to 108 years in color and over 200 years in black and white . get creative with different paper types the epson stylus photo r2400 delivers studio quality results on virtually any artistic media . three convenient paper paths support matte , glossy , canvas , roll , posterboard , and many artist papers , so it 's easy to expand your creativity . the epson stylus photo r2400 accommodates paper up to 13-inches wide and can create panoramics up to 44 inches long . you can also print true borderfree photos ideal for gallery exhibits . with the epson stylus photo r2400 's powerful production speeds , the you can create brilliant displays , so you can move on to your next show-stopping exhibit more quickly . what 's in the box epson stylus photo r2400 ink jet printer one cyan ink cartridge ( t059220 ) one magenta ink cartridge ( t059320 ) one yellow ink cartridge ( t059420 ) one light cyan ink cartridge ( t059520 ) one light magenta ink cartridge ( t059620 ) one photo black ink cartridge ( t059120 ) one matte black ink cartridge ( t059820 ) one light black ink cartridge ( t059720 ) one light light black ink cartridge ( t059920 ) roll paper holder accessory ieee firewire cable matte sheet support single sheet guide printer documentation cd-rom containing printer drivers and software ( windows and macintosh )
100 cd dvd white cardboard mailers , self seal mailers with flap ( 6 x 6 3 8 ) . the disc mailer allows you to send one standard size cd or dvd along with a slim jewel case in the mail . this cd mailer features a peel off adhesive tab for easy sealing and tear tab for easy opening . lightweight affordable and easy to use the cd mailer is an ideal mailing solution . size : 6 '' x 6 3 8 '' shape : square with 2.5 '' flaplightweighteasy to use with adhesive stripideal for cd or dvd being distributed via mail
paperpro inpower20 - 3 in 1 stapler - one finger , no effort , spring powered stapler , gray ( 1100 ) . paperwork can be a hassle , but stapling it should n't be . with the paperpro inpower 20 's one-finger spring-powered technology , experience fast and easy , jam-free stapling when you need it most at school , work , or the home office . 80 % easier than standard staplers , all it takes is the press of a finger to fasten up to 20 sheets . the lightweight design allows for easier use when held , or taken on-the-go in a backpack or travel bag . with a built-in staple puller , staple storage compartment , and an ergonomic design that positions perfectly in the palm of your hand , comfortably staple without missing a sheet . opens for bulletin board tacking and craft use . full strip ( 210 ) staple capacity ; uses standard staples . for optimal performance , use paperpro premium standard staples ( 1901 ) . three-year limited warranty . features : paperpro 1100 desk top stapler is a lightweight and powerful stapler with an ergonomic shape and rubberized , non-slip handle . this smartly designed stapler delivers 30-pounds of staple-driving power with the pressure of one-finger -- enough to staple 20 sheets .
kensington smartfit monitor stand plus for up to 24  screens - gray ( k60089 ) . trust the brand with 20 years of ergonomic expertise for a monitor stand that works perfectly in the office and for home office professionals . kensingtons patented smartfit system helps you position your monitor at the correct height without need for a specialist , reducing neck , back and eye strain . the extra-wide stand has 3 height settings and can fit larger monitors while leaving storage space under the platform to maximize your desktop surface area . the kensington monitor stand plus with smartfit system adjusts monitor height to an optimal viewing angle to help to reduce eye and neck strain . this sleek monitor stand also expands usable desk space by allowing storage underneath the platform .
canon pg-40 black ink cartridge . the pg-40 from canon is a black ink tank designed for use with the canon ip1600 printer . it produces crisp , vibrant text and graphics while resisting smudging and fading . the pg-40 is also easy to insert and remove , so you can quickly complete all your print jobs . the pg-40 from canon is a black ink tank designed for use with the canon ip1600 printer . it produces crisp , vibrant text and graphics while resisting smudging and fading . the pg-40 is also easy to insert and remove , so you can quickly complete all your print jobs .
canon cl-41 color fine ink cartridge . displaying or storing inkjet photo prints in rooms with high temperatures and humidity can cause ink migration ( ink bleed ) and loss of sharpness in photos . genuine chromalife100 inks provide exceptional resistance to these negative effects when used with canon photo paper pro paper . photos printed with genuine canon chromalife100 compatible inks and canon photo paper pro paper is designed to resist real world conditions that can cause a photo to fade . photos printed using genuine canon cl-41 51 52 , cli-8 and bci-16 on photo paper pro pr-101 will retain sharp edge definition , even after exposure to high temperatures and humidity . some products , on the other hand , can be susceptible to bleeding and may not maintain image quality under such conditions . canon cl-41 consumable products will ensure maximum performance for all your canon products . canon cl-41 supplies ensure outstanding copy clarity and machine reliability in even the most demanding environments . fine ( full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ) printhead provides exceptional sharpness and detail , optimized for photographic print quality when used with genuine canon photo papers . displaying or storing inkjet photo prints in rooms with high temperatures and humidity can cause ink migration ( ink bleed ) and loss of sharpness in photos . genuine chromalife100 inks provide exceptional resistance to these negative effects when used with canon photo paper pro paper . photos printed with genuine canon chromalife100 compatible inks and canon photo paper pro paper are designed to resist real world conditions that can cause a photo to fade . photos printed using genuine canon cl-41 51 52 , cli-8 and bci-16 on photo paper pro pr-101 will retain sharp edge definition , even after exposure to high temperatures and humidity . some products , on the other hand , can be susceptible to bleeding and may not maintain image quality under such conditions .
casio advanced scientific calculator with 2-line natural textbook display ( fx-115es ) . the casio fx-115es advanced scientific calculator features over 279 functions and provides its user with everything they need for most mathematical calculations . the calculator 's functions include complex number calculations , matrix and vector calculations , statistics , and 40 metric conversions . its standout feature is its 2-line natural textbook display that displays fractions , formulas , square roots and other expressions as they would in textbook . it is extremely versatile , and can be used in courses ranging from basic pre-algebra to calculus , and also has applications in physics , engineering , biology and statistics . the casio fx-115es advanced scientific calculator features over 279 functions and provides its user with everything they need for most mathematical calculations . the calculator 's functions include complex number calculations , matrix and vector calculations , statistics , and 40 metric conversions . its standout feature is its 2-line natural textbook display that displays fractions , formulas , square roots and other expressions as they would in your textbook . it is extremely versatile , and can be used in courses ranging from basic pre-algebra to calculus , and also has applications in physics , engineering , biology and statistics . what 's in the box fx-115es scientific calculator , slide-on hard case , instruction manual , and quick reference guide .
magnetic door stop chrome . sturdy , practical and easy to install , magnetic door holder and stop holds doors open even in a heavy wind . mount either vertically to the floor or horizontally to baseboard or wall . magnetic door holders have a magnetic holding power of 12.5 lbs when installed .
royal 160mx 16-sheet cross cut paper shredder  black . model- 29125z vendor- royal consumer features- 160mx - cross cut shredder ( 16 sheet ) professional heavy duty cross cut paper shredder shreds 16 pages in a single pass ! destroys cds and credit cards ! shreds compact disks and credit cards all steel gear construction 1 8 '' x 1 '' pieces lcd message center auto start stop and reverse basket full alarm large capacity 28 liter wastebasket with casters
3m keyboard tray with adjustable keyboard and mouse platforms , turn knob to adjust height and tilt , swivels and stores under desk , gel wrist rest and precise mouse pad , 17.75 '' track , black ( akt80le ) . the akt80le gives you the ability to control height and tilt simultaneously , independent of the mouse platform . it 's perfect for shallow workstations where mounting depth is at least 17.5 '' . compatible with ergonomic keyboards . lifetime warranty .
epson perfection 4490 photo scanner . perfection 4490 photo scanner quality . performance . precision . a premium value for professional quality scans , the epson perfection 4490 photo delivers extraordinary results with 4800 x 9600 dpi resolution and an impressive 3.4 dmax . this full-featured performer makes it easy for anyone to quickly restore , repair and renew classic photos , film and transparencies for stunning color reprints and enlargements . powerful digital ice technology offers built-in dust and scratch removal capabilities for film , while epson easy photo fix provides one-touch color restoration . together , these two features bring new life to faded or damaged originals . the epson perfection 4490 photo offers fully automatic scanning for increased productivity , plus two advanced scanning modes for greater control . convenient film holders accommodate multiple 35mm slides and negatives , plus medium format film . and , hi-speed usb 2.0 ensures fast data transfer . there 's even a fully featured software package that includes adobe photoshop elements , abbyy finereader sprint , and more . compatible with both microsoft windows and macintosh operating systems , this scanner provides an unbeatable solution for any task or project . rich in quality and versatility , the epson perfection 4490 photo will highlight and optimize every detail . when partnered with an epson stylus ink jet printer , it 's a perfect choice for creating brilliant images made to last . features include :
neo-flex lcd arm . this arm adds flexibility to your lcd . simply push the side button while lifting the display , then position it where you want it . get ergonomic comfort for a great price . add flexibility to your lcd monitorposition your screen exactly where you want it . extend , retract , twist and turn your display with only a touch ; simply push the arms side button to raise or lower its height .
avery cd dvd label jewel case insert combo sheets , ink jet , 20 labels & inserts pack ( 8696 ) . label and jewel case insert on a single sheet makes it easier and faster to design and print . print on both the front and back of jewel case insert . print-to-the-edge capability . brbr
hp 98 black original ink cartridge ( c9364wn ) for hp deskjet 6940 6988 hp officejet 100 150 h470 hp photosmart 2575 c4150 c4180 8049 8050 . hp 98 black original ink cartridge ( c9364wn ) . hp 98 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet 6940 , 6988. hp officejet 100 , 150 , h470 . hp photosmart 2575 , c4150 , c4180 , 8049 , 8050. cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 420 pages . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 98 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 98 ink cartridge ( c9364wn ) color : black .
epson picturemate express printer . picturemate express 4x6 photo printer . fast affordable home printing with 6 colors and superior dpi . get water proof , lab quality 4x6 photos that last 2-4 times longer than lab prints . amazon.com product description you 've got a high performance digital camera . now it 's time to bring those photos into the world , with an easy-to-use , versatile , and affordable photo printer . with the touch of a button , you can print lab quality photos that look and feel like lab prints . take a closer look at the picturemate express printer 's functions . with its unique six-color pigment technology and superior high resolution , the picturemate express produces rich , vibrant colors and beautiful skin tones . you can also print your photos in black and white or sepia tones , with classic borders or borderless . or , print handy wallet sizes . you can even crop and resize your photos . all this without having to turn on your computer . print straight from your camera 's usb interface ( the picturemate express supports the pictbridge direct printing standard ) , or use the printer 's memory card slot to print 4 x 6 photos in just 80 seconds . the picturemate also supports all popular memory cards . plus , you can use the `` save photo '' button for easy one touch backup of digital files directly to an external cd-r , zip drive or usb thumb drive . the picturemate express is also designed for economy and high print quality . your photos will be water , smudge and fade proof -- lasting as much as two to four times longer than leading brands of photo lab prints . in fact , using the picturemate cartridge and picturemate paper , prints can last up to 200 years in archival sleeves in album storage . and , for the first time ever , print your 4 x 6 photos at home for a cost comparable to many retail photo labs -- at about 29 cents per print , you can print to your heart 's content . using a unique six-color pigment ink system , you 'll get incredible color and detail with every photo . the printer supports up to 5760 x 1440 optimized dpi ( dots per inch ) resolution . note : a usb cable is not included with the epson picturemate express . what 's in the box picturemate express edition , paper and cartridge for 20 4 '' x 6 '' photos , power supply , quick start booklet and software cd .
canon pixma mp800 all in one photo printer . canon pixma mp800 all in one photo printer the advanced pixma mp800 photo all-in-one delivers spectacular print copy-scan performance . it produces an amazing resolution of up to 9,600 x 2,400 color dpi , for remarkable detail and clarity . to achieve this , canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) uses a next-generation 3,584-nozzle print head that ejects precise , consistent droplets as small as one picoliter . the result ? smoother , virtually grain-free images . also , our contrastplus five-color ink system -- four dye-based inks and a pigment-based black ink -- produces true-life photos with a wide color palette , along with laser-quality text . what about speed ? a 4 '' x 6 '' photo lab quality borderless photo takes approximately 36 seconds . when copying , the ae ( auto exposure ) copy feature automatically optimizes reproduction quality based on the type of original you 're duplicating . the convenient photo film buttons allow you to make reprints of your photos and 35mm film without using your computer . and now , scanning : the unit 's higher-resolution ccd technology enables you to produce exceptional 2,400-dpi scans , with vibrant 48-bit color depth . you can simultaneously scan up to six frames of 35mm film ( negatives or positives ) , or up to four mounted slides . plus , advanced paper handling features are built in - such as two paper trays and two-sided printing . want to evaluate and enhance your images before printing ? just insert your compatible memory card into one of the built-in card slots , then select the images on the extra-large 3.5 '' lcd color viewer . as needed , images will be automatically enhanced for red eye , sharpness and brightness values , or you can fine tune the images yourself using the easy control panel . then , print directly from the memory card ! as an option , you can print directly from a pictbridge-ready device such as a digital camera . the canon chromalife100 system combines the pixma mp800 photo all-in-one 's fine print head technology and newly developed inks with select canon photo papers , with results rivaling that of many conventional photos . and with the new smart led ink tanks , your led lamp flashes when ink is running low , and flashes even faster when nearing empty . what 's in the box : pixma mp800 photo all-in-one , pixma mp800 print head , ink tanks : pgi-5bk black , cli-8 ( black , cyan , magenta , yellow ) , power cord , easy setup instructions , documentation kit , canon photo paper pro for borderless printing 4 '' x 6 '' sample pack
canon original 104 toner cartridge - black . 104 toner designed for use with the imageclass mf4150 and faxphone l120 , the canon 104 is a black toner replacement cartridge that combines all the necessary parts in one compact piece . this single-cartridge system includes the toner , drum , and development . enjoy virtually maintenance-free performance , professional results , and 2,000 pages at five percent coverage with this easy-to-install ink system .
hp photosmart 2575 all-in-one printer copier scanner . it 's easy to print and share photos and documents with the versatile hp photosmart 2575 all-in-one . use built-in networking to share print , copy and scan functions and access to memory cards with multiple computers on a home network.create true-to-life photos that resist fading for generations generations using hp vivera inks -- optional 6-ink color color and 4800 optimized dpi , plus laser-quality text . make quick photo reprints and copies of documents from the convenience of home . print photos without a pc using memory cards cards , usb flash memory drive drive and color image display.print from camera phones using select memory cards or print wirelessly from bluetooth enabled devices with adapter . preserve old photos and documents for reprinting and storage with high-quality scanning at 2400x4800 dpi optical resolution , 48-bit color . automatically enhance photos with hp real life technologies and send photos to friends or print remotely using hp instant share service .
fujitsu pa03360-0013 scansnap carrier sheet 5pk . 5pk scansnap carrier sheet
hp deskjet 460c mobile printer ( c8150a # a2l ) . experience true mobility with hp 's new , full-featured mobile printer that delivers optional wi-fi and bluetooth wireless connectivity and high-quality printing for documents and photos . experience true mobility with hp 's deskjet 460c , a full-featured mobile printer that delivers optional wi-fi and bluetooth wireless connectivity and high-quality printing for documents and photos ( wifi and bluetooth cards must be purchased separately ) . extremely portable and light , the deskjet 460c will deliver professional-quality reports , brochures , and photos in 4-x-6-inch to 8-x-11-inch formats . it works seamlessly with both windows and mac operating systems , and can print lengthy documents and multiple copies without reloading the paper with its convenient fold-up 50-sheet feeder and fold-out output door . optimize your mobile productivity with versatile accessories -- including a car airplane adapter , ac power adapter , travel holder for ink cartridges , and a carrying case ( all sold separately ) . print in vibrant color at up to 4,800 optimized dpi color ( using hp premium photo paper with 1200 x 1200 dpi input ) and get crisp , laser-quality black text . create beautiful 4-x-6-inch borderless 1-inch snapshots and photos with white borders in sizes up to 8.5 x 11 inches . resist photo fading for generations when you use hp 's vivera inks and premium plus photo papers . print fast , at up to 17 pages per minute in black and 16 in color , and get borderless 4-x-6-inch photos in as little time as 45 seconds . this printer is compatible with windows 98 and later ( including vista ) and mac os x operating systems . measuring 13.4 x 6.45 x 3.25 inches and weighing only 4.5 pounds , this printer is backed by a 1-year limited manufacturer 's warranty . what 's in the box 460c mobile printer , hp 94 black print cartridge , hp 95 tri-color print cartridge , starter cd with printer drivers , user documentation , and compact power adapter .
hp photosmart 3310 all-in-one printer , copier , scanner , fax . world 's fastest photo printing all-in-one one with leading print , fax , scan and copy innovations . built-in wireless network and slide negative scanner and economical 6 individual inks . print copy true-to-life photos that resist fading for generations generations with hp vivera inks , up to 4800-optimized dpi color , and high-quality scans . print without a pc using large 3.6 '' image display , memory cards cards , camera phone phone and more . easily enhance photos with hp real life technologies and hp image zone software . check out the photosmart 3310 -- the world 's fastest photo printing all-in-one ( 1 ) . its highlights ? innovative printing , faxing , and scanning , true-to-life photo quality , a large , 3.6-inch display , hp 's unique , six separate inks , and built-in wireless networking . world 's fastest photo printing all-in-one , money-saving individual inks print and copy lightning-fast , at up to 31 pages per minute in color and 32 in black ; get photos in times as fast as 14 seconds produce professional-quality 4-by-6-inches photos at home for as little as 24 cents each ( 2 ) with the six individual inks designed for high-volume printing innovative wireless sharing share the 3310 on a small network of computers ( 3 ) with the built-in wireless networking , or connect your wireless laptop and all-in-one without setting up a network distribute photos without a pc via printer-to-printer sharing ( 4 ) wirelessly print and share photos from your camera phone ( 5 ) or via your phone 's memory card ( 6 ) easy photo enhancement , viewing , and printing remove red eye automatically , bring out the details in dark areas of photos , and more with hp 's real life technologies features quickly preview photos without a pc needed , on the large , adjustable , 3.6-inch qvga color image display enhance , edit , and organize your pics with the hp image zone software print photos directly from a memory card , pictbridge usb port , hp proof sheet , camera phone , or usb flash drive easily print 4-by-6-inch photos with the handy automated photo tray ; print panoramas and images in custom sizes up to 8.5-by-24-inches ( 7 ) -- with or without borders get rich , realistic photos with virtually no grain using the six-ink color with hp vivera inks additional features restore your old photos : scan up to six negatives or four slides at once with the built-in adapter , then conveniently remove dust and scratches get superior scanning on the oversized 8.5-by-12-inch glass scanning surface with the 4,800 x 4,800 dpi optical resolution and 48-bit color resist photo fading for generations ( 7 ) and retain the clarity of stored laser-quality documents for decades choose the best hp products for you , then let them work seamlessly together on your behalf , helping you do everything from snap photos to print enlargements award-winning hp service and support protect your investment with the one-year limited warranty get peace of mind with hp 's exceptional service and reliability , which pc magazine has rated a a+ for 13 years in a row get answers to all your questions 24 x 7 , toll-free , or via e-mail in as little time as an hour , at www.hp.com support basic warranty one-year limited hardware warranty backed by hp customer care , service and support ; one-year technical phone support , plus a toll-free number . what 's in the box : hp photosmart 3310 all-in-one printer , fax , scanner , copier ; hp 02 black ( 16 ml ) , hp 02 cyan ( 4.5 ml ) , hp 02 magenta ( 4.5 ml ) , hp 02 yellow ( 4.5 ml ) , hp 02 light cyan ( 4.5 ml ) , hp 02 light magenta ( 4.5 ml ) , hp image zone photo and imaging software on cd-rom , setup booklet , user 's guide , power supply and power cord , phone cord . notes : ( 1 ) speed comparisons in default and fastest modes , when printing from computer , based on hp internal testing of comparable consumer photo printing products avail as of 4d05 . ( 2 ) with purchase of hp custom 02 series photo value pack , 150 count , 4-by-6-inch , results may vary . ( 3 ) with compatible 802.11g and b devices . wireless performance dependent on distance , terrain between wireless network clients and aio . ( 4 ) sharing service compatible with hp officejet 7400 , 7300 aio series , hp photosmart 3300 , 3200 , 2700 , 2600 , 2570 aio series ; aio must be on network w broadband internet connection . ( 5 ) wireless printing requires hp bluetooth wireless printer adapter ( bt300 400 models ) ; sold separately . ( 6 ) compactflash , ibm microdrive , memory stick , memory stick duo ( with adapter , sold separately ) , mini sd ( with adapter , sold separately ) , secure digital multimediacard , xd-picture card . ( 7 ) based on hp image permanence lab light-fade testing under glass on hp premium plus papers .
hp officejet 5610 all-in-one printer ( q7311a # aba ) . the compact hp officejet 5610 full-color thermal inkjet printer can help take your business to the next level with its all-in-one design that allows you to print , fax , copy , or scan . professional print quality comes standard with this multifunction printer , and with its maximum color resolution capabilities of 4800 x 1200 dpi , it gives your business the ability to create clean , image-rich brochures , spreadsheets , and other documents with ease . the compact hp officejet 5610 full-color thermal inkjet printer can help take your business to the next level with its all-in-one design that allows you to print , fax , copy , or scan . professional print quality comes standard with this multifunction printer , and with its maximum color resolution capabilities of 4800 x 1200 dpi , it gives your business the ability to create clean , image-rich brochures , spreadsheets , and other documents with ease .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } img.withlink { border:1px black solid ; } the hp officejet 5610 offers : the ability to print , scan , fax , and copy print and copy speeds up to 20 ppm black & white and 13 ppm color color print resolution up to 4800 x 1200 dpi a 100-sheet paper tray and 25-sheet automatic document feeder optional six-ink color the p2015 wo n't take up a lot of space in your home or office . view larger . clearly labeled controls are easy to use . view larger . colorful , image-rich documents fast the officejet 5610 works fast and efficiently to print and copy documents at speeds of up to 20 ppm for black & white and 13 ppm for color . its built-in fax machine works at a brisk three seconds per page rate , and sending multiple page documents via the 25-page automatic document makes it a hands-off operation . image quality is a priority with the officejet 5610 all-in-one printer , and it shows with its maximum color print resolution of 4800 x 1200 dpi and 1200 x 1200 dpi for black & white prints . take photos to the next level with the optional six-ink color process that uses six different colored inks to produce exceptionally vibrant photos and documents . its built-in scanner will scan in images at up to 1200 dpi , and those images can be further enhanced by up to 19,200 dpi using the included software package . the scanner also utilizes 48-bit color which increases image quality even further by having a greater range of color shades available within each and every pixel . scan , copy , and fax with ease scan documents up to 8.5 x 11.7 inches in size using the easy to use flatbed scanner . copying is just as easy , and the officejet 5610 allows for up to 100 copies with just the push of a button , and copies can be scaled from 25 % to 400 % in size . you can also send faxes at up to 200 x 200 dpi , and junk faxes are a thing of the past with the officejet 5610 's junk fax barrier technology . paper handling and special media capabilities the officejet 5610 offers a large 100-sheet paper tray along with a 25 automatic document feeder . it will accept a wide variety of special media , including letter , legal , envelopes , transparencies , labels , iron-on transfers , and photo paper . the maximum allowable paper size is 8.5 x 14 inches . compatible with windows ( including vista ) and macintosh , the officejet 5610 measures 17.13 x 16.46 x 9.25 inches and weighs 13 pounds . it 's backed by a 1-year limited warranty . what 's in the box hp officejet 5610 all-in-one , hp 27 black inkjet print cartridge ( 10 ml ) , hp 22 tri-color inkjet print cartridge ( 5 ml ) , hp image zone photo & imaging software on cd , setup booklet , user 's guide , power supply , power cord , phone cord .
canon pgi-5 pigment ink tank-black . black ink cartridge the canon pgi-5 uses pigment ink formulation for long-lasting prints that resist smudges and smearing caused by highlighters . it also produces crisp , laser-quality text and graphics . for added convenience , the pgi-5 boasts ink remaining notification technology , so you 'll always know when it 's time to change cartridges .
kensington smartfit monitor stand for up to 21  screens - gray ( k60087f ) . positions your monitor for optimal viewing . positions monitor for optimal viewing . put the monitor ( up to 40 lbs ) where it works best for you . monitor stand with the smartfit ( tm ) system lets you set the monitor height to match your personal comfort color , by simply adding 1 or 2 risers . no tools needed , just snap the risers into place . the stand brings the monitor in line with your eyes , helping to reduce eye and neck strain . expands usable desk space by allowing storage underneath platform . stylish construction and color compliment any decor . 2-year warranty and free technical support . 2-year warranty and free technical support .
national hardware n248-435 v238 kickdown door stop in white . national hardware n248-435 v238 kickdown door stop in white designed as a door stop that kicks down to hold the door open .
cisco-linksys cit200 cordless internet telephony kit for skype . get cordless handset convenience when you use skype ! now you do n't have to sit in front of your computer when you want to talk to your friends . the linksys cordless internet telephony kit comes with the handset and its charger , and a usb base station that plugs into your computer . with the included skype program running on your pc , the handset can read and display your contact list on its built-in illuminated display . just choose who you want to talk to from the menu , press a button , and get ready to talk . of course , the handset supports skypeout dialing as well as your skype contact list . it rings when you have a skype or skypein call coming in , and shows the caller 's id on the screen . the handset also supports call waiting and skype 's optional voicemail service . designed for windows xp and 2000 , when you 're on a call , you can hit the mute button for privacy , or use the speakerphone function to let everyone join in . you can even use the phone as an intercom -- each base station supports up to four handsets . in short , the linksys cordless internet telephony kit gives you all the functionality of a regular phone , through skype . you 'll get the convenience of a cordless phone and all its features , plus the high-quality voice reception that you get from skype on your pc , without being tied to your computer .
buddy products euroflex standup fixed height workstation , 19.625 x 44.25 x 29.5 inches , charcoal and silver ( 6438-36 ) . buddy products is a family-owned , privately-held company located in chicago , illinois and has been in business for more than 45 years . as an innovative manufacturer and marketer of office supplies and furniture , buddy products is committed to providing quality products at competitive prices . the buddy products euroflex standup fixed height workstation is a space-saving solution that accommodates a computer monitor , desktop cpu and mini-tower cpu , keyboard , and printer . a roomy top shelf holds a monitor , desktop cpu , and basic supplies . a fixed keyboard shelf features a pull-out side extension for a mouse , and an adjustable height lower shelf holds a mini-tower cpu or printer and supplies . this workstation is constructed with .75 inch melamine laminate and sturdy steel construction with heavy duty dual wheel casters for mobility . buddy products combines quality construction with affordable pricing to create everything professionals need to maximize productivity and organization in the workplace .
pendaflex portable file box , granite , 11 '' h x 14 '' w x 6-1 2 '' d ( 41737 ) . the pendaflex portable file box gives you a complete , ready-to-use portable filing system with a durable built-in handle and secure latch closure . this granite file box contains 3 black pendaflex reinforced hanging folders with clear plastic tabs and inserts . each file box holds up to 12 letter-sized hanging folders . 11 '' h x 14 '' w x 6-1 2 '' d .
scotch clear mounting tape , 1-inch x 450-inches , 1-roll ( 410-long ) . this virtually invisible , professional quality tape is designed for attaching items up to two pounds to virtually any smooth wall or surface . it is perfect for discretely mounting items on glass , tile or mirrors .
avery removable print or write color coding labels , round , 0.75 inches , pack of 1008 ( 5472 ) . add some color to your life . these removable print or write color coding labels aid in organizing your home or workplace . the 3 4 '' round labels stick firmly to documents , inventory , sale items and more to draw the eye and help keep your important objects well sorted . mark notes on the labels by hand or use the free templates available at avery website to customize the labels and print them with either your laser or inkjet printer . removable labels let you peel them away when you no longer need them . be bold and color your world a little brighter .
hp 88 black & yellow original printhead ( c9381a ) for hp officejet pro k8600 k5400 k550 l7580 l7590 l7680 l7780 . original hp 88 printhead ( c9381a ) works with : hp officejet pro k8600 , k5400 , k550 , l7580 , l7590 , l7680 , l7780high-impact documents . hp 's design makes hp 's inkjet technology the preferred choice for the office . you get crisp text , vibrant color and pinpoint accuracy every time . with legendary hp quality and reliability , there 's no better value . hp 's printhead technology , designed together with hp 88 inks , delivers crisp , black text and vibrant color with pinpoint accuracy . and innovative hp smart technology1 in hp supplies and the printer ensures professional results , every time . when you need fast , reliable performance hp 88 printheads get the job done . the large printhead designpart of hp 's scalable printing technologyprovides over 3 times the number of nozzles that fire at high speed ( compared to the hp business inkjet 1200 printer ) . these printheads are also designed to produce more accurate drops which results in crisp lines and text , and vibrant , accurate color . creating a powerful impression with a polished , professional document depends on crisp , black text and vibrant color . to ensure consistent print quality , interactive hp smart technology in hp 88 printheads , hp 88 ink cartridges and your printer makes automatic and continuous adjustments to ensure color accuracy and optimize print quality . ( using genuine hp supplies ensures availability of all hp printing features . < ! -- .headerm { color : # 000000 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:24px ; font-weight : bold ; margin:0 ; padding:0 0 10px ; top : 30px ; text-transform : uppercase ; text-align : left ; } .aplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .subheader { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:14px ; font-weight : bold ; text-align : left ; text-transform : uppercase ; } .acontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } .acontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .style3 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif } .sup-text { font-size : 11px ; } hr.dashed { border-top:1px dashed # 999999 ; color : # ffffff ; height:1px ; margin:3px 0 ; clear : left ; } ul { padding-left:1.1em ; margin-left : 0px ; list-style-position : outside ; *remove indents from list* } li { margin : .6em 0 ; * space btwn lists * } .legal { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:9px ; font-weight : normal ; text-align : left ; line-height:12px ; } -- >
quartet cork bulletin board , 17 x 23 inches , oak finish frame ( 35-380342q ) . this attractive , versatile 17 x 23 inches bulletin board is the perfect way to help you find and prioritize important papers and documents in plain sight . this basic natural cork board comes in an oak finish frame and is perfect for occasional use , small or home office environment . the hanging wall bracket holds the board firmly in place and is easy to install . hangs horizontally and vertically with the enclosed z-bracket mounting system .
brother tn580 high yield toner cartridge - retail packaging - black . brother tn580 high yield toner cartridge . compatible with brother printer models hl5200 , hl5250dn , hl5240 and hl5280dw , the tn580 toner cartridge easily pops into place and gets you back to printing in just minutes . the unit is a high-yield cartridge , offering an expected yield of 7,000 sheets based on 5 % coverage of letter-sized pages . fine toner particles produce rich black text with precision and clarity . brother recommends this name-brand cartridge for use as a replacement cartridge . compatible with brother printer models hl5200 , hl5250dn , hl5240 and hl5280dw , the tn580 toner cartridge easily pops into place and gets you back to printing in just minutes . the unit is a high-yield cartridge , offering an expected yield of 7,000 sheets based on 5 % coverage of letter-sized pages . fine toner particles produce rich black text with precision and clarity . brother recommends this name-brand cartridge for use as a replacement cartridge . what 's in the box : one tn580 black toner cartridge
national hardware n215-855 v1932 wall door stop in solid brass . authorized replacement for stanley hardware stock # n215-855 . used to help prevent door knob damage . durable rubber bumper ensures long operating life . concave design prevents interruption with door latch . solid brass with rubber tip . designed to protect wall and door from damage .
generic remanufactured toner cartridge replacement for hp hp 15 black ink cartridge ( black , tri color , 2-pack ) . hp 15 black & hp 78 tri-color remanufactured ink cartridges
fujitsu fi-5120c scanner . fi-5120c adf shtfedscan 30ppm scsi usb2.0
avery dvd labels matte white for ink jet printers ( 8962 ) . print-to-the-edge capability . special film material designed for dvds wont lift , peel or wrinkle . guaranteed safe . with avery matte white dvd labels for ink jet printers , identifying disks is quick and painless . you can catalog digital photos , music , and important backup disks , or create professional looking demos and presentations labeled with high-quality graphics and crisp text , all using your own inkjet printer . these matte white film dvd labels are designed specifically for use with single-sided dvds . free tools , software , and templates are available from avery.com to help you start designing , and avery even makes a special applicator that can help you apply these precut labels quickly and precisely ( not included ) . these label wo n't lift , peel off , or wrinkle , and they are guaranteed not to affect playback of single-sided dvds . what 's in the box 20 disk labels and 40 spine labels .
chenille kraft student dry erase board 9 x 12 inchees ( 9881 ) . dry-erase board is great tool for every classroom for use to practice writing . ideal for classroom use , this pack of chenille kraft student dry-erase boards . each high quality white melamine board measures 9 x 12 inches , and comes with round corners for added safety . the convenient size and durable surface of each board provides students with easy write-on and wipe-off use .
old school lap desk by creative manufacturing . now you can work from anywhere with style and pride using this classically crafted lap desk ! perfect for writing , e-mailing , and tending to a multitude of tasks . use on the couch , plane , train , dorm , or bed .
lamy studio stainless steel fountain pen ( l65f ) . steel yourself for this lamy fountain pen . regarded worldwide as a pioneer in modern pen design , lamy has been a chief innovator in the field for decades . the inspiration of a noted swiss designer , the lamy studio fountain pen is designed for writing comfort and high performance . with its propeller-like clip and sleek finish , this lamy studio fountain pen matches forward-thinking style with superior function . founded in 1930 , lamy develops and produces all its products at its factory in heidelberg , germany .
texas instruments ti-84 plus silver edition graphing calculator ( pink ) ( packing may vary ) . texas instruments , inc. ti-84 plus silver . all the functionality of the ti83 plus silver with the added advantage of 9x more memory , speed and a selection of pre-loaded calculator applications ( apps ) . includes ti graph link for windows plus a new stylish metallic silver case and comes with 4 aaa batteries . amazon.com product description building on the hugely popular ti-83 plus , which is perhaps the best-selling calculator of all time , the ti-84 plus pink edition is completely compatible with the ti-83 family . from that well-established platform , this new model adds more speed ( a processor that 's 2.5 times faster ) , an enhanced high-contrast display ( eight lines by 16 characters ) , changeable faceplates ( pink included ) , and a suite of 30 applications . and with nine times more memory than the ti-83 plus ( 1.54 mb of ram , 480 kb flash rom ) , there 's plenty of room for even more applications and your own data storage . includes a usb port and cable . it also adds usb on-the-go technology ( cable included ) that can be used to share files with other calculators or to connect to pcs or optional presentation tools . comes with 30 pre-loaded applications and supports all ti-83 apps . thirty applications are pre-loaded . popular application titles include cabri jr. , cbl cbr , conic graphing , inequality graphing , probability simulations , science tools , studycards , timespan , topics in algebra 1 chapter 5 , topics in algebra 1 chapters 1-4 , transformation graphing , and more . for students in math and sciences , the ti-84 plus pink edition is a powerful , problem-solving tool with features for storing , graphing , and analyzing up to 10 functions . plus , it displays graphs and evaluates tables on a split screen , allowing you to trace the graph and scroll through table values simultaneously . split screen lets you view a graph and its equation at the same time . with the ti-84 plus pink edition , you can view an equation , its graph , and the coordinates all at one time . jump from point to point by entering a number . several useful plot types are available , including scatter , box-and-whisker , xy-line , histogram , and normal probability plots . advanced statistics and regression analysis , graphical analysis , and data analysis are readily accessed , along with features for calculus , engineering , financial , logarithm , trigonometry , and hyperbolic functions -- all crucial tools for advanced analysis . with its clear display and fast processing , the calculator incorporates graphing tools for mathematics and science course work , including statistics and finance . the optional kickstand slide case is great for desktop work . the ti-84 plus pink edition is powered by four aaa alkaline batteries ( not included ) and one silver oxide battery ( included ) for backup . an automatic shutoff feature is included to save energy . it is supported by a 1-year limited warranty . optional color faceplates add flare . what 's in the boxti-84 plus pink edition , usb cable ti connectivity cable , pink faceplate , silver oxide battery , ti product cd-rom with full reference guidebook and free software applications , and warranty information .
oxford certificate holders , black , letter size , 5 per box ( 29900055bgd ) . present awards in style with these oxford certificate holders . the gold-foil embossed , black covers feature a linen-like texture . sturdy enough to secure and transport letter-sized certificates . covers made from 30 % recycled fiber with 30 % post-consumer fiber . 5 per pack .
mmf industries vinyl zipper wallet , 11 x 6 inches , clear ( 234041720 ) . mmf industries vinyl zipper wallet , 11 x 6 inches , clear ( 234041720 )
bankers box stor file medium-duty storage boxes , quick set-up , lift-off lid , letter legal , case of 12 ( 00789 ) . 1-1 2 end , 1-1 2 side construction . medium-duty for moderate use with or without shelving . quick set-up assembly . deep , locking lift-off lid stays in place for secure file storage . rolled edges add strength and prevent paper cuts .
uniden tru9485-2 5.8 ghz digital cordless answering system with dual keypad and extra handset . 5.8 ghz digital expandable cordless system call waiting caller id includes extra handset & charger expandable up to 10 handsets integrisound life-like audio answering system 100-name phonebook and caller id memory handset speakerphone headset compatible 4-way conferencing intercom between handsets transfer phonebook memory between handsets new message led indicator time & date stamp call & memo recording room monitor directlink 2-way radio feature animated backlit dual caller id & clock display bilingual menu 20 ring tone options & personal ring feature do not disturb feature lighted keypad last 3 number redial mute hold features voicemail waiting indicator desk wall-mountable includes belt clip with a complete set of high performance features and expandable functionality , the uniden tru9485-2 offers a full set of convenient options for busy homes . call waiting caller id includes a 100-station memory ( with subscription to local service ) that allows names and numbers to be transferred between handsets or moved into the permanent 100-station speed dial . directlink two-way radio communication is built into each handset , allowing them to function as an in-home intercom system or baby monitor . redial any of the last three numbers at the touch of a button , activate three-way calls or just enjoy the consistent , clear 5.8 ghz digital signal transmission . this set includes two handsets ; the system is expandable to a total of ten . you can transfer incoming calls between each handset , and make use of the convenient hands-free design by using the included belt clip and built-in headset jack ( headsets available separately ) . easily adjust handset and ringer volume levels to your comfort , and set the handset lcd menu to one of three menu languages ( english , french , or spanish ) . a page button lets you quickly locate the handset if it 's strayed under the couch cushions . a digital answering system is built into the base ; call screening and recording are available from the handset as well . the base is wall mountable or sits sturdily on a countertop , giving you plenty of display options , and a total of 20 different ring tones ( 10 tones , 10 melodies ) give you a variety of choices . uniden provides a one-year warranty covering parts and service . what 's in the box : two cordless handsets , base , handset charger , two belt clips , two batteries , two ac adapters , telephone line cord , user 's manual , warranty card
uniden tcx905 accessory handset and charger with call waiting and caller id . accessory handset and charger for the t9 series ( also compatible with the elt , and uip series ) , integrisound life-like audio , 100-name phonebook with 2 phone numbers per name , up to 100-number caller id memory , handset speakerphone , headset compatible , intercom between handsets , transfer phonebook memory between handsets , room baby monitor , directlink 2-way radio feature , animated display , backlit display , trilingual menus , clock display , 20 ring tone options , personal ring feature , lighted keypad , belt clip included , last 3 number redial , mute hold features , voicemail waiting indicator , supports 2-line bases . an accessory handset for uniden 's tru9 series , tru8 series , clx series , elite series , and the uip18 series phone systems , the tcx905 offers the same excellent range of functions you appreciate in the base . once the handset is recognized by the system , you can review features like call waiting caller id , which includes a 100-station memory ( with subscription to local service ) that allows names and numbers to be transferred between handsets or moved into the permanent 10-station speed dial . directlink two-way radio communication is built into each handset , allowing them to function as an in-home intercom system or baby monitor . you can transfer incoming calls between each handset and speakerphone on the base , and make use of the convenient hands-free design by using the included belt clip and built-in headset jack ( headsets available separately ) . easily adjust handset and ringer volume levels to your comfort , and set the handset lcd menu to one of three menu languages ( english , french , or spanish ) . a page button lets you quickly locate the handset if it 's strayed under the couch cushions . redial any of the last three called numbers at the touch of a button , activate three-way calls or just enjoy the consistent clarity of the 5.8 ghz digital signal transmission . this handset requires the use of a compatible uniden t9 , elt or vip series phone . most systems in the series are expandable up to a total of four handsets . uniden provides a one-year warranty covering parts and service . compatible with the following uniden 5.8 ghz digital expandable systems : the tru9 series ( tru9460 , tru9465 , tru9466 , tru9480 , tru9485 , tru9488 , tru9496 ) , the tru8 series ( tru8860 , tru8865 , tru8866 , tru8880 , tru8885 , tru8888 ) , the clx series ( clx465 , clx485 ) , the elite series ( elt560 , elbt585 , elbt595 ) , and the uip18 series ( uip1868p and uip1869v ) . what 's in the box : handset , charger , ac adapter , belt clip , battery , user 's guide , warranty card
uniden tru9465-2 5.8 ghz digital expandable cordless phone with dual keypad and extra handset . with a compact design and expandable functionality , the uniden tru9465-2 offers a range of high performance features . call waiting caller id includes a 100-station memory ( with subscription to local service ) that allows names and numbers to be transferred between handsets or moved into the permanent speed dial accessible . directlink two-way radio communication is built into each handset , allowing them to function as an in-home intercom system or baby monitor . redial any of the last three numbers at the touch of a button , activate three-way calls or just enjoy the consistent , clear 5.8 ghz digital signal transmission . this set includes two handsets ; the system is expandable to a total of ten . you can transfer incoming calls between each handset , and make use of the convenient hands-free design by using the included belt clip and built-in headset jack ( headsets available separately ) . easily adjust handset and ringer volume levels to your comfort , and set the handset lcd menu to one of three menu languages ( english , french , or spanish ) . a page button lets you quickly locate the handset if it 's strayed under the couch cushions . the charger is wall mountable or sits sturdily on a countertop , giving you plenty of display options . uniden provides a one-year warranty covering parts and service . what 's in the box : two cordless handsets , base , charger , two belt clips , two batteries , ac adapters , telephone line cord , user 's manual , warranty card with a compact design and expandable functionality , the uniden tru9465-2 offers a range of high performance features . call waiting caller id includes a 100-station memory ( with subscription to local service ) that allows names and numbers to be transferred between handsets or moved into the permanent speed dial accessible . directlink two-way radio communication is built into each handset , allowing them to function as an in-home intercom system or baby monitor . redial any of the last three numbers at the touch of a button , activate three-way calls or just enjoy the consistent , clear 5.8 ghz digital signal transmission . this set includes two handsets ; the system is expandable to a total of ten . you can transfer incoming calls between each handset , and make use of the convenient hands-free design by using the included belt clip and built-in headset jack ( headsets available separately ) . easily adjust handset and ringer volume levels to your comfort , and set the handset lcd menu to one of three menu languages ( english , french , or spanish ) . a page button lets you quickly locate the handset if it 's strayed under the couch cushions . the charger is wall mountable or sits sturdily on a countertop , giving you plenty of display options . uniden provides a one-year warranty covering parts and service . what 's in the box : two cordless handsets , base , charger , two belt clips , two batteries , ac adapters , telephone line cord , user 's manual , warranty card
memorex label maker expert kit . memorex label maker expert kit
ergotron notebook arm mount tray . add this accessory to an lcd arm or pivot and position your notebook computer where you need it most . works with a traditional laptop or with a convertible notebook , in either tablet or laptop mode .
saunders recycled aluminum clipboard with high capacity clip - letter size - 22517 . made from durable recycled aluminum with 60 % post-consumer waste , saunders clipboard with high capacity clip ( 22517 , letter size ) holds up to 1 inch of paper securely . made in the usa ! ideal for controlled environments ! get organized for life !
mead cambridge notebook , wirebound notepad , stiff-back , 8.5 x 11 inches , white ( 59882 ) . classic cambridge legal pad has a stiff back to provide a firm surface for note-taking . pad contains 70 sheets of college-ruled , white paper and includes a wire binding .
elmer 's 900803 foam board , white surface with white core , 30 x40 , 10 boards carton . strong , lightweight and rigid with a 3 16 '' polystyrene cfc-free core that springs back to original thickness when cut . smooth surface accepts screen printing , glue , paint or markers . perfect for crafts , school projects , signage , framing and mounting .
canon pixma mp830 office all-in-one inkjet printer ( 0583b002 ) . premium all-in-one performance for small & home office productivity the canon pixma mp830 office all-in-one printer : a print-copy-scan-fax powerhouse the ultra-versatile canon pixma mp830 office all-in-one does it all -- print , scan , copy and faxmaking it an ideal all-in-one for either your home or a small office . full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) print technology building on the success of the pixma mp780 , the pixma mp830 takes printing to the next level producing amazing print resolutions of up to 9600 x 2400 color dpi1 . this means prints of your vacation photos you make at home with your pixma mp 830 will be superbly detailed and extremely clear . to achieve this high print quality , canon uses full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) . fine is a next-generation 3,584-nozzle print head that ejects precise , consistent droplets as small as 1 picoliter , creating smooth , virtually grain-free images . combined with canons contrastplus 5-color ink system ( four dye based inks and a pigment-based black-ink ) this latest technology produces life like photos along with laser-quality text . with the large 2.5 '' lcd color viewer and easy control panel , you can evaluate and enhance images from your compatible memory card2 before printing . or , you can bypass your computer and print directly from your pictbridge ready digital camera or dv camcorder . you can print a 4 '' x 6 '' photo-lab quality borderless print in up to 36 seconds.3 advanced copying the auto duplex automatic document feeder ( adf ) can read both sides of a two-sided document . this feature saves you time by letting you copy or scan a two-sided original without having to flip it over by hand . the adf can hold up to 35 pages of originals at one time , making it much easier to copy , scan , or fax multi-page documents . when combined with the mp830s dual paper trays , the adf gives you the capability for high-capacity copying -- even of two sided originals . the ae ( auto exposure ) copy feature automatically optimizes reproduction quality based on the type of original you 're duplicating . scanning and faxing the pixma mp830 's high-resolution charge-coupled device ( ccd ) scan technology enables you to produce exceptional 2400-dpi scans , with vibrant 48-bit color depth . another great feature of the pixma mp830 multifunction is its faxing capabilities . you can achieve up to 33.6 kbps ( super g3 ) fax speed in color and black and white4 . this gives you a transmission speeds of up to 3 seconds per page in black and white , and 1 minute 20 seconds in color . plus , the mp830s expanded memory lets you store 100 speed dial codes , receive up to 250 incoming pages , and store 6 one-touch dials . what 's in the box pixma mp830 office all-in-one , pixma mp830 print head , ink tanks : pgi-5bk pigment black , cli-8 ( black , cyan , magenta , yellow ) , power cord , telephone line cable , easy setup instructions , documentation kit , canon photo paper pro for borderless printing 4 '' x 6 '' sample pack notes 1 resolution may vary based on printer driver setting . color ink droplets can be placed with a horizontal pitch of 1 9600 inch at minimum . 2 compatible memory cards include compactflash , microdrive , smartmedia , memory stick , memory stick pro , sd card and multimediacard , xd-picture card , memory stick duo , memory stick duo pro and minisd card requires an additional adapter which must be purchased separately . 3 ppm print speeds are based on the highest speed printer driver mode . photo print speeds are based on the default mode driver setting using canon photo paper plus glossy paper . print speeds will vary depending on system configuration , interface , software , document complexity , print mode , types of paper used and page coverage . cpm copy speeds based on fast mode setting using plain paper . copy speeds may vary based on document complexity , copy mode , page coverage and number of copies . 4 the public switched telephone network currently supports fax modem speeds of 28.8 kbps or lower , depending on telephone line conditions . sending and receiving fax machines need to conform to itu-t v.34 guidelines .
brother mfc-8460n network all-in-one laser printer . a 5-in-1 flatbed laser multi-function center that combines printing , copying , faxing , color scanning and pc fax in one product and is ready to be installed on a ( ethernet ) network right out of the box ! includes a 33.6k bps fax modem with ample fax features , up to 1200 x 1200 dpi professional quality laser printing and impressive print copy speeds of up to 30 ppm . fast and convenient walk-up copying either using the 50-page auto document feeder or the legal-size document glass . easy flatbed color scanning with up to 19200 dpi ( interpolated ) resolution for scanning documents or images to email , a file or as an editable text document . amazon.com product description the mfc-8460n has a convenient flatbed design that accommodates either single sheets or bound documents for copying , faxing , or scanning . with the ability to function as a digital copier , the unit supports reduction and enlargement of documents from 25 to 400 percent in one percent increments , makes up to 99 copies , and includes sorting functionality . copies up to legal size can be made from both the glass and the automatic document feeder . print and copy speeds up to 21 pages per minute keep up with busy offices , while outstanding resolution of up to 1,200 x 1,200 dpi gives each document exceptional legibility . print , fax , scan , and copy -- all from one powerful unit . view larger . send scans , copies , and faxes directly from the mfc-8460n to colleagues that are listed in your network address book . choose the document feeder or the flatbed . as a full-function stand-alone fax machine , the mfc-8460n supports up to 340 total speed dial locations , and also incorporates dual access and broadcast faxing features . it stores up to 600 pages for quick scan faxing or out-of-paper fax reception . stand-alone fax and copy operation is standard , so no computer is required . when operating as a scanner , the unit is capable of color scanning up to 9,600 dpi interpolated resolution ( up to 600 x 2,400 dpi optical ) . for windows and os x 10.2.4 or greater based users , there is an easy-to-use `` scan to '' button for scanning directly to an ftp site , image application , ocr , e-mail application or file . save time and reduce errors with instant direct access through your network connected mfc-8460n to a virtually infinite number of e-mail and fax addresses stored in your ldap network address books . simply use the large , clear 5-line lcd display on the mfc-8460n 's control panel to view the contacts stored in your network address books and scroll to select the address you need . then you can quickly send faxes and internet faxes to your selection , and perform scan-to-e-mail-address functions . the mfc-8460n provides the ability for an administrator to set various levels of password protected access to certain features , for each of up to 25 different users per machine . through this feature , you can restrict specific employees such as part-time workers or interns from access to scan-to-e-mail functions or other avenues for sending data outside your walls . the color scanner function comes bundled with document management and ocr software . scansoft paperport se with ocr software is available for windows and presto ! page manager is available for mac users . the mfc-8860dn is also supplied with built-in wired ethernet networking . the unit is compatible with both pc and mac operating systems ( windows 98 nt4.0 2000 me 2000 xp and mac os 9.1-9.2 , os x 10.2.4 or greater ) . standard emulations of pcl6 and br-script3 ( postscript3 ) are included as well . brother provides a one-year warranty , covering parts and service . what 's in the box multifunction unit , paper tray , multipurpose tray , tn540 standard yield toner cartridge ( 3,500 pages ) , dr510 drum unit ( 20,000 pages ) cd-rom with drivers and utilities , printed user 's guide , warranty information
wausau paper index card stock , 92 brightness , 110 lb , letter , white , 250 sheets per pack ( 49411 ) . print with confidence . neenah exact index cover stock , in bright white , is sturdy for everyday office printing . never worry about creating single or double-sided documents , because each sheet is bleed-free . guaranteed for use with copiers , inkjet , and laser printers . the smooth finish is ideal for letterheads , report covers , brochures , menus , and more . just add creativity !
three by three seattle mini magnetic strip bulletin board , black ( 31215 ) . the world 's first magnetic strip bulletin board , mini version ! 6 strong rare earth ( neodymium ) magnets hold photos or memos to this 2 x 14 inch ( 5 x 35.5 cm ) magnet board . magnets make display changes easy , and the long , narrow profile can hang horizontally or vertically . wall mounting hardware included . available in red , sky blue , white , orange , black , pink , spring green , plum , navy , and stainless .
kodak photo paper . perfect for everyday photo printing . instant dry . no smearing or smudging . works on all inkjet printers . paper color ( s ) : white paper weight : 6.5 mil sheets per unit : 100 rolls per unit : n a.unit of measure : pack
epson b11b178061 perfection v750-m pro photo scanner . enjoy unparalleled performance when scanning negatives , slides or prints , with the epson perfection v750-m pro , the first flatbed scanner with groundbreaking 6400 dpi resolution and unique fluid mount capabilities for photo studio applications . enjoy unparalleled performance when scanning negatives , slides or prints , with the epson perfection v750m pro , the first flatbed scanner with groundbreaking 6,400 dpi resolution and unique fluid mount capabilities for photo studio applications . with a 4.0 dmax optical resolution , it offers exceptional image quality , excellent detail in shadow areas and remarkable tonal range . 48bit color and 16bit grayscale provide subtle shades and accurate color reproduction for everything from professional slides to simple business documents . enjoy groundbreaking 6400 dpi optical resolutionfor scanning prints , negatives or even transparencies  with spcializedfluid mount capabilities for wet scanning an enhanced optical system ( high-pass optics ) consisting of anti-reflective lens coatings and a highreflection mirror provides the highest level of image quality and helps you achieve faster scans . in addition , the dual lens system from epson optimizes each scan , automatically selecting from two lenses for the desired scan resolution . the v750m pro also offers a host of powerful tools for photo restoration . digital ice technologies is a unique combination of hardware and software for correcting image defects . digital ice for film uses an infrared sensor to detect dust and scratches on the surface of the film . in a multipass process , the dust scratch is mapped out and carefully removed from the scanned image , leaving the composition and quality intact . digital ice for prints removes the appearance of many types of surface defects from prints , minimizing costly retouching . restore faded color photos , slides and negatives , back to their original brilliance with easy photo fix scanning technology , exclusively from epson . take those old family photos out of that shoebox in the closet and share precious moments once again . just scan your photos renew the color with one click . it  s just that easy . in seconds , you  re ready to print and display those memories for all to enjoy . along with color restoration , easy photo fix also includes grain reduction and backlight correction . wet mount film scanning an innovative fluid mount accessory for wet mount film scanning takes the concept one step further . this specialized system gives you additional scratch removal and sharpness enhancement capabilities for blackandwhite film . for traditional scanning , the included film holders allow you to batch scan multiple slides and negatives for increased productivity . the epson perfection v750 photo is compatible with both macintosh and windows operating systems , and includes firewire and hispeed usb 2.0 interfaces . its comprehensive software package includes : epson scan with easy photo fix technology which lets you scan and restore faded photos epson copy utility providing easy copying of documents and photos lasersoft imaging silverfast ai 6 ( full version ) a powerful graphics software gives you control over highlights and shadows , gradations , selective and global color , sharpening , descreening and scaling adobe & reg photoshop elements so you can process digital images for print , e-mail , or posting on the web abbyy finereader sprint plus ocr edit scan documents with high-accuracy character recognition and remarkable text handling capability monacoezcolor ensures color accuracy between your scanner , monitor and printer **note  epson scan and lasersoft imaging silverfast ai6 will run on windows xp x64 edition epson also provides a oneyear warranty covering parts and service .
epson b11b178011 perfection v700 photo scanner . get professional quality results from virtually any photographic original with the epson perfection v700 photo scanner . with groundbreaking 6400 dpi resolution , the powerful scanner consistantly delivers precision color and detail , whether scanning slides , negatives , or medium-format film . with a 4.0 dmax , it offers exceptional image quality , excellent detail in shadow areas and remarkable tonal range . from the manufacturer get professional quality results from virtually any photographic original with the epson perfection v700 photo scanner . with groundbreaking 6,400 dpi resolution , this powerful scanner consistently delivers precision color and detail , whether scanning slides , negatives or mediumformat film . with a 4.0 dmax optical resolution , it offers exceptional image quality , excellent detail in shadow areas and remarkable tonal range . 48bit color and 16bit grayscale provide subtle shades and accurate color reproduction for everything from professional slides to simple business documents . epson perfection v700 scanner with builtin 8 '' x 10 '' transparency unit the epson perfection v700 photo scanner goes one step further than typical home scanners . with its dual lens system , this innovative product automatically selects from two lenses for the desired scan resolution . the v700 photo also offers a host of powerful tools for photo restoration . digital ice technologies is a unique combination of hardware and software for correcting image defects . digital ice for film uses an infrared sensor to detect dust and scratches on the surface of the film . in a multipass process , the dust scratch is mapped out and carefully removed from the scanned image , leaving the composition and quality intact . digital ice for prints removes the appearance of many types of surface defects from prints , minimizing costly retouching . restore faded color photos , slides and negatives , back to their original brilliance with easy photo fix scanning technology , exclusively from epson . take those old family photos out of that shoebox in the closet and share precious moments once again . just scan your photos renew the color with one click . it  s just that easy . in seconds , you  re ready to print and display those memories for all to enjoy . along with color restoration , easy photo fix also includes grain reduction and backlight correction . with the convenient film holders included , you can even batch scan multiple slides and negatives to increase productivity . this powerful performer gives you the industry  s leading scanner technologies , all right at your fingertips . the epson perfection v700 photo is compatible with both macintosh and windows operating systems , and includes firewire and hispeed usb 2.0 interfaces . its comprehensive software package includes lasersoft imaging silverfast se 6 , adobe photoshope elements , abbyy finereader sprint plus ocr , epson copy utility and epson scan with epson easy photo fix technology . epson also provides a oneyear warranty covering parts and service .
targus 2.4 ghz wireless laser presentation remote , range up to 30 feet , black ( amp03us ) . targus 2.4 ghz wireless laser presentation remote , range up to 30 feet amp03us ( black )
xerox documate 152i duplex color document scanner for pc and mac . the xerox documate 152i , color sheet-fed document scanner , now scans up to 50 images per minute ( ipm ) in duplex mode , includes a 50-page automatic document feeder and has the ability to automatically scan documents into searchable pdf files . the scanner also offers a more powerful suite of bundled software designed to help you organize and find the information important to you . visioneer onetouch allows you to scan documents to your choice of 9 preset yet completely user configurable destinations . this enables your documents to be scanned with the correct settings for resolution , color , cropping , file format and then delivered to virtually any application , folder or device all at the touch of a button . the xerox documate 152i is designed for small businesses , home offices and students who are looking for an easy-to-use scanner that includes all the tools needed to declutter their paper filled lives .
pacific image primefilm 3600u for windows and mac . pacific image pf3600u digital film slide scanner . the most affordable digital solution provides very high quality scanned images .
tops easel pad , 3-hole punched , white , 15 lb , plain white , 50 sh pd , 2 per carton ( 7903 ) . this value pack of tops easel pads gives you two 50-page pads of blank white paper perfect for group brainstorming , flip charts , or classroom presentations . pads are 3-hole punched to fit a standard easel stand . bright white paper is suitable for fine-point or chisel-tip permanent or flip-chart markers with minimal ink bleed through.tops easel pads . 27 '' x 34 '' . 50 sheets each . 2 pack.ideal for group gatherings : tops easel pads are perfect in the conference room for classic flip-chart presentations , training seminars or group brainstorming sessions that get ideas flowing.instant classroom inspiration : record and display your students ' bright ideas , create colorful anchor charts for classroom rules ; post reminders for active listening , display grammar guidelines , teach graphing or take polls for math class . there 's 100 possibilities in each tops easel pad 2-pack.up your game : take family game night next level with the ultimate setup for drawing games or map the lands of your favorite role-playing games in style . these large sheets give you plenty of room to claim artistic dominance or plan your next campaign .
hp officejet 4315 all-in-one printer fax scanner copier ( q8081a # aba ) . package contents : hp officejet 4315 all-in-one , hp 21 black inkjet print cartridge ( 5 ml ) , hp 22 tri-color inkjet print cartridge ( 5 ml ) , hp photosmart essential software , setup & reference guide , power supply , power cord , phone cord . the hp officejet 4315 all-in-one delivers excellent scanning , copying , and printing -- all you need for your small or home office . get ready to print beautiful documents , fax and make copies in black and color , and scan like a pro . the reliable , sheet-fed officejet 4315 is an ultracompact , four-in-one machine that can turn any room into a business center . 2-line lcd text display 100-sheet input tray ; 20-page adf supports letter , legal & executive sizes , plus cards connects via usb port compatible cartridges - hp 21 black inkjet print cartridge ( 5 ml ) , hp 22 tri-color inkjet print cartridge ( 5 ml ) , hp 27 black inkjet print cartridge ( 10 ml ) operating systems - windows 98 se , 2000 ( sp3 or higher ) , me , xp home , xp professional ; mac os x v 10.2.8 , 10.3 , 10.4 unit dimensions ( hxwxd ) - 16.75 x 8 x 7 unit weight - 8.29 lbs . hp 1-year limited warranty amazon.com product description ultra-compact all-in-one that 's easy and efficient the hp officejet 4315 is a reliable sheetfed all-in-one with print , fax , scan , and copy capabilities -- you get the power of four machines in one in an ultra-compact , space-saving solution . its sleek design with fold-up sheet feeder tray compactly fits almost anywhere , easily freeing up more workspace in your home office . efficiency is the key with this hp all-in-one . with just the touch of a button you can easily print a family letter , fax a resume to a potential employer , make a quick copy of a receipt , or scan your photos and documents . with the hp officejet 4315 you get the power of four machines in one ultra-compact , space-saving solution . its ultra-compact design with fold-up paper tray makes it easy to store almost anywhere -- on a desk , shelf , or table . using hp inks and hp paper you 'll make a bright and bold impression on your audience with the touch of a button you can easily print , fax , copy , or scan your photos and documents . impressive quality for your documents and photos with the hp officejet 4315 you 'll make a bright and bold impression on your audience with every document or photo you print out . using hp thermal inkjet print technology , the hp 4315 conveniently prints in both color and black-and-white at a speed of up to 20 pages per minute ( ppm ) in black and 14 ppm in color . print resolution with the hp officejet reaches up to 1200 x 1200 dpi black and up to 4800 x 1200 optimized dpi color and 1200 input dpi . high-quality sheetfed scanning with 1200 x 1200 dpi optical resolution , resolution , 48-bit color . archived documents maintain text and color quality for decades without fading . also , with hp real life technologies you can automatically remove red eye and enhance detail in dark areas of your photos . powerful and efficient faxing the hp enhanced fax features included memory for up to 200 pages1 plus fax broadcasting to multiple locations , quick and easy faxing with one-touch buttons , and up to 80 speed dials . the hp 4315 's powerful plain-paper faxing clock can send out letters at up to three seconds per page in black and color using a 33.6 kbps modem . you can also conveniently copy and send multi-page faxes with its 20-sheet automatic document feeder tray . save valuable time by faxing to a group of people with the touch of a button using broadcast fax feature . the convenient scan-and fax feature lets you scan your documenta into the fax memory so you can walk away with the document and get to work on other projects . what in the box hp officejet 4315 all-in-one ( printer , fax , scanner , copier ) , hp 21 black inkjet print cartridge , 5 ml hp 22 tri-color inkjet print cartridge , 5 ml hp photosmart essential software , setup guide , reference guide , power supply , power cord note : usb cable not included 1 based on itu-t test image number 1 at standard resolution . more complicated pages or higher resolution will take longer .
netgear sph101 skype wi-fi phone . unlimited free wireless calls to skype users , no pc required netgear  s skype wifi phone is the world  s first wireless internet phone that can make free calls to other skype users anywhere in the world , anytime you have wifi access , without a pc . all of your contacts are shown right on the phone  s color display so you will know exactly who is on-line . you will also be more available for your friends to call , because you no longer have to be on your pc to be connected . you can even make calls to ordinary phones using skype-out for just pennies a minute and no monthly fees . with the skype wifi phone , netgear makes true mobile wireless internet telephony a reality . now for the first time , a phone that lets you use any wifi network to which you have access , to talk with anyone else who  s also on skype , anywhere in the world , for absolutely free .
3m adjustable document copy holder , in-line with monitor minimizing head and neck movement , 150 sheet capacity holds sheets to books , elastic line guide keeps pages open , 14 '' wide , black ( dh630 ) . keeps documents between monitor and keyboard to help reduce head , neck and eye movement . 14 in wide by 11 in high , transparent back plate supports wide and heavy documents . skid-free base . angle and height adjustable . can stand alone on desktop or hang over edge . elastic line-guide enables easy data entry and helps keep documents in place .
royal laminator ( pl2100 ) . laminator
manual typewriters . royal offers the ms25plus typewriter . manual 43 keys 86 symbols
trend enterprises excellence ( gold ) award seals stickers ( t-74003 ) , 8 sheets . perfect for adding dignity and dazzle to any award or certificate , award seals also are ideal as stickers to ackowledge outstanding homework assignments and projects . large 2 '' diameter size .
learning resources pattern block activity pack , 160 pieces . explore artistic design and creativity while teaching 2-d shape creation , visualization , symmetry , and problem solving . magnets keep designs in place . features 98 magnetic pattern blocks , 10 double-sided write & wipe magnetic cards , and answer key .
classroom keepers 9 '' x 12 '' construction paper storage , white , 9-3 8 '' h x 29-1 4 '' w x 12-7 8 '' d , 1 piece . classroom keepers construction paper storage for 9 x 12 inch paper , 15 slots ( 001310 )
master lock 7113d , 7-compartment . master lock 7113d the master lock 7113d cash box has a removable seven-compartment tray for easy organization of cash , coins , or other personal items . this cash box is made from durable steel and stands up to daily wear and tear . the concealed storage area underneath the cash tray allows you to hide personal items for extra security . the strong locking latch helps secure contents , and the handle makes it easy and convenient to carry anywhere . ideal for petty cash , fundraising , garage sales , school cafeterias , craft fairs , festivals , sporting events , and small businesses . what 's in the boxcash box with seven-compartment tray .
royal dm6070 256kb personal organizer . 256 kb personal organizer 5 x 12-line character display & multi-language prompts american heritage spell checker thesaurus & eng sp translator information directory with pre-programmed calorie & carbohydrate lists & toll-free numbers calendar & schedule planner with alarm built-in clock with 12 24-hour format to-do list memo book & address book metric & currency conversion mortgage financial checkbook & mileage calculators games & password protection
dtm44337 - daytimer 's inc. soft-flex fabric vinyl wirebound organizer starter set . day-timer is a pioneer in the field of time management and provides the tools for people in all walks of life to dramatically increase their personal effectiveness , efficiency , and productivity . our black fabric soft flex starter sets deliver fashion forward design at a budget price . this black twill cover has leather like trim with contrasting stitching . interior pockets hold credit or business cards , a pen , receipts , and photo i.d . slip tab closure . it includes standard starter set components , one month wire bound calendar , address and phone and advance planner booklets , and note pad , and holds pocket size pages 3.5 x 6.5 inches . because day-timer realizes that change is the only constant in life , this innovative company has always responded to the needs of its customers , creating new products to meet their changing lifestyles . with fabric and leather-like vinyl construction , the 3-1 2-x-6-1 2-inch day-timer soft flex wallet personal organizer starter set includes the essentials to keep you organized in style . organizer features include undated monthly calendar pages , an address and phone directory , and a fashionable loop closure . this organizer can be personalized after purchase with a custom-engraved brass plate .
pendaflex heavy duty expanding file with extra-thick cover , tyvek reinforced edges , 21 pockets , az tabs , elastic cord closure , letter size ( r117alhd ) . pendaflex heavy-duty expanding files help you safely organize and transport large amounts of paper . these heavy-duty expanding files have extra-thick covers , tyvek reinforcements at the top edge , and an elastic cord closure to keep contents secure . pre-printed az tabs help you go from piled to filed without labels , stickers , tab inserts , permanent markers or fuss . do n't overlook the classics ! this simple accordion folder is a great starter tool for an organization overhaul.21-pocket heavy duty expanding file . letter sized.indispensible in the office : lawyers , accountants , tax preparers and busy offices everywhere sort and control fast-growing files with the use of expanding file foldersprojects are conquered : apply the office strategy at home to keep mortgage documents in one place or to store receipts for tax season ; instruction manuals , bills by vendorthe opportunities to master paper management are endlessstart with simple , economical solutions : there are countless organizational tools to help you tame clutter but none more intuitive or cost-effective than pendaflex expanding filesfumbling to find the right file ? an organized desk will dramatically boost your productivity and leave the right impression with those waiting patientlystock up for big filing jobs : keep a few on hand for your next big de-clutter project or to triage filing hotspots as needed
blueline business notebook , quad ruled , 9.25 x 7.25 inches , 192 pages ( a9q ) . perfect binding with hard black cover . 192 pages . quad ruled , 4 squares per inch . blue ruling . index sheet and self-adhesive tabs . recycled paper with a minimum of 30 % post-consumer content .
hp deskjet f380 all-in-one printer scanner copier . the hp deskjet f380 all-in-one printer , scanner , and copier is an ultra-compact value with easy to use printer , scanner , and copier in one . fast and efficient document printing up to 20ppm black and 14 ppm color . make professional-quality photo reprints in any size up to 8.5 x 11 '' with the touch of a button . edit , organize and share photos with hp photosmart essential software an hp photosmart share . make quality scans of photos and documents with 1200 x 2400 dpi optical resolution , and 48-bit color depth . automatically remove red ey , enhance detail in dark areas of photos with hp real life technologies . quick and convenient color or black and white copies at home without the need to turn on a computer . light , ultra-compact design with fold-up paper tray fits almost anywhere .
hp photosmart c3180 all-in-one printer , scanner , and copier . hp photosmart c3180 all in one printer , scanner , and copier features high-quality scans of photos & documents with 1200 x 2400 dpi optical resolution , 48-bit color depth . automatically remove red eye , enhance detail in dark areas of photos , photos resist fading for generations and laser-quality text documents retain clarity for decades , memory card slots support secure digital multimedia card , compactflash , memory stick , memory stick duo , xd-picture card using brochure and photo papers for borderless printing 36-ink 6-printing available with purchase of hp 99 photo inkjet cartridge ; not included , print borderless photos up to 8.5 x 24 panorama size with included hp photosmart essential software . use your all-in-one 's scanner to repair older , damaged photos with hp real life technologies . amazon.com product description looking for that perfect machine that can meet all your photo printing needs , not to mention your document printing needs ... and do a whole lot of other stuff , too ? you can print photos right from your camera via memory card 1 ( no need for a pc ) . use the included hp photosmart express software to edit each shot and organize the whole lot . you can print , scan , and copy with ease , and you 'll love the results you get from your photosmart c3180 all-in-one . hp 's vivera ink delivers a broad range of vivid , lifelike colors and crisp black text . view example . print straight from your camera or camera phone using a memory card . view larger . fast , convenient , reliable the hp photosmart c3180 all in one printer , scanner , and copier features high-quality scans of photos & documents with 1200 x 2400 dpi optical resolution , 48-bit color depth . automatically remove red eye , enhance detail in dark areas of photos , photos resist fading for generations and laser-quality text documents retain clarity for decades , memory card slots support secure digital multimedia card , compactflash , memory stick , memory stick duo , xd-picture card using brochure and photo papers for borderless printing 36-ink 6-printing available with purchase of hp 99 photo inkjet cartridge ; not included , print borderless photos up to 8.5 x 24 panorama size with included hp photosmart essential software . use your all-in-one 's scanner to repair older , damaged photos with hp real life technologies . true-to-life photos and documents make pro-quality reprints in any size up to 8.5 x 11 '' with the touch of a button print borderless photos in sizes up to 8.5 x 24 '' panorama2 with the included hp photosmart essential software print and copy photos in beautiful six-ink color ( optional ) and laser-quality text with hp 's vivera inks3 do high-quality scans of photos and documents with the 1200 x 2400 dpi optical resolution and 48-bit color depth help photos resist fading for generations4 and keep laser-quality documents clear for decades5 five-star functionality optimize your print and copy quality for various kinds of paper with the automatic paper type sensor print straight from your camera or camera phone using a memory card repair older or damaged images by scanning and retouching using hp 's real life technologies automatically remove red eye and enhance details in dark areas of your photos award-recognized support get peace of mind with the one-year limited warranty plus hp 's renowned total care service and support , which j.d . power and associates has recognized as consistently providing `` an outstanding customer service experience '' rely on printing excellence : pc magazine has designated hp as a `` reader 's choice '' for 14 years in a row get answers to your product questions toll-free , 24 x 7 , or via e-mail in as little time as an hour 1. memory card slots support secure digital multimediacard , compactflash , memory stick , memory stick duo , xd-picture card . 2. using brochure and photo papers for borderless printing . 3. six-ink printing available with purchase of hp 99 photo inkjet cartridge ; sold separately . 4. based on wilhelm-research.com light-fade testing under glass ( as of 0105 ) using hp 93 tri-color and optional hp 99 photo inkjet cartridges on hp premium plus photo papers . 5. based on paper industry predictions for acid-free papers ; colorant stability data at room temperature based on similar systems tested as per iso 11798 and iso 18909 . what 's in the box hp photosmart c3180 all-in-one , hp 92 black inkjet print cartridge ( 5 ml ) , hp 93 tri-color inkjet print cartridge ( 5 ml ) , hp photosmart essential software on cd-rom , setup and basics guides , power supply , power cord note : usb cable not included
ergotron neo-flex lcd stand ( 33-310-060 ) . instantly set the height of your lcd for a more comfortable computing experience . with fingertip effort , raise or lower your lcd 5 '' ( 13 cm ) , pan left right , tilt forward back and rotate your screen portrait landscape viewing . affordable desktop ergonomics with fingertip effort , you can raise or lower your display five inches ( 5 cm ) , pan right left , tilt up down or rotate for portrait landscape viewing . patented cf lift-and-pivot technology produces smooth , easy adjustment .
bankers box stor file storage boxes , standard set-up , lift-off lid , letter legal , case of 12 ( 00703 ) . double-end , single-side construction . lift-off lid ships attached to prevent lid loss , then tears off for use . light-duty , basic set-up construction for moderate stacking or use with shelving .
mead loose-leaf memo book , 6 3 4 x 3 3 4 '' , 6-ring , 1 2-inch , 40 pages , assorted - color may vary ( 46034 ) . compact memo book stores easily in laptop bags , purses and extra-wide breast pockets . six-ring metal booster binding system is a snap to open and close . attractive vinyl cover protect contents . 1 2 inch ring size . sheet capacity : 40. colors : assorted ( burgundy , dark blue , hunter green and black ) - color selected for you may vary .
allsop metal art corner monitor stand , holds 40 lbs , great for small offices - silver ( 29191 ) . the metal art corner monitor stand is great for organization by turning a corner into usable space . with the 29191 , you can also raise your monitor to the suggested ergonomic height to help reduce neck strain . strange , but true - not every desk is designed with a computer in mind . i know its hard to believe in this day and age , but whatever . and what about those of you using a countertop or table as a computer desk ? sure the computer will fit the monitor goes behind the keyboard , the cpu goes ... well , the cpu goes wherever the wires allow . you can just pull up a folding chair and start clicking away . but that doesnt sound very appealing , does it ? no ergonomics there . the metal art corner stand helps your computer fit into your life . both in function and in form . forged from steel , it provides a sturdy shelf for your monitor . and theres space beneath for paper , a dictionary or old copies of doom and simcity . its compact base makes it perfect for flat panel monitors and its triangular shape lets you take advantage of corners and odd work spaces . the simple curved design and powder-coated finish arent meant to match your computer . they help create a balance between the comfortable feel of your home or office and the technical convenience of your computer . in a nutshell , the metal art corner stand gives your monitor a lift , creates some more space in your life and looks good doing it .
canon pg-40 cl-41 cartridges and glossy photo paper combo pack . model- 0615b009 vendor- canon computer systems features- ink paper combo pack pg-40 cl-41 with gp502 ! contains one pg-40 bk , one cl-41 color and one 50-sheet pack photo paper glossy 4 '' x 6 '' . * compatability : pixma ip1600 , pixma mp150 , pixma mp170 , pixma mp450 usa canon com
epson stylus c88+ inkjet printer color 5760 x 1440 dpi print plain paper print desktop model c11c617121 . features : 23 ppm mono 14 ppm color print - legal , a4 , b5 , a5 , a6 , half-letter , executive , ... - 120 sheets standard input capacity - usb , the epson stylus c88+ speeds through critical projects and reports , delivering amazing quality and durability , time after time , with revolutionary durabrite ultra pigment ink . this powerful performer gives you incredible results , whether you 're printing a photo or proposal . media size : a6 - 4.13 '' x 5.83 '' , media size : letter - 8.50 '' x 10.98 '' , media size : 8 '' x 10 '' , media size : custom size , media size : b5 - 6.93 '' x 9.84 '' , media size : 4 '' x 6 '' , media size : envelope no . 10 , media size : executive - 7.24 '' x 10.51 '' , media size : 5 '' x 7 '' , media size : legal - 8.50 '' x 14.02 '' , media size : a4 - 8.27 '' x 11.69 '' , media size : half-letter , media size : 8.50 '' x 44 '' , media size : a5 - 5.83 '' x 8.27 '' , maximum print size : - 8.50 '' x 44 '' , package contents : stylus c88+ inkjet printer , 1 x black ink cartridge , 1 x cyan ink cartridge , 1 x magenta ink cartridge , 1 x yellow ink cartridge , printer documentation , software cd , system requirements : software included : arcsoft photo impression , drivers & utilities , epson scan assistant , epson web-to-page , os required : apple macos x 10.2.8 , apple macos x 10.3.9 , apple macos x 10.4.x , microsoft windows 2000 , microsoft windows 98 second edition , microsoft windows millennium edition , microsoft windows vista , microsoft windows xp , microsoft windows xp 64-bit edition , certifications & standards : ul1950 , csa 22.2 no . 950 , fcc part 15 subpart b class b , csa c108.8 class b , platform supported : pc , platform supported : mac , limited warranty : 1 year , amazon.com powerful performance for all your printing projects the epson stylus c88+ speeds through critical projects and reports , delivering amazing quality and durability , time after time , with revolutionary durabrite ultra pigment ink . this powerful performer gives you incredible results , whether you 're printing a photo or proposal . need to print that financial report for an impromptu meeting ? with black text print speeds up to 23 ppm , you 've got it covered . and , with fast-drying , smudge , fade and water resistant ink , there 's no need to worry about handling the document . share it on the spot -- it 's ready when you are . with 5760 x 1440 optimized dpi , plus ink droplets as small as three picoliters , everything you print is sure to leave a lasting impression . print frame-ready photos in popular borderless sizes . or , use the high-capacity input tray to quickly produce beautiful charts and handouts . durabrite ultra pigment ink ensures amazing clarity and color whether you use plain or photo paper . best of all , with convenient , individual ink cartridges , you can take control of ink usage , replacing only the color that you need . with usb and parallel connectivity , plus convenient networking options , this printer is the ideal solution for both windows and macintosh computers . now , anyone can achieve astounding results , project after project , with the exceptional power and performance of the epson stylus c88+ . key features races through everyday projects up to 23 ppm ( black ) and up to 14 ppm ( color ) 1 prints at up to 5760 x 1440 optimized dpi with ultra fine ink droplets ( as small as 3 picoliters ) delivers smudge resistant documents and photos on plain and glossy photo paper using durabrite ultra pigment ink includes convenient , individual ink cartridges so you can replace only the color that you need offers borderfree photo printing in frame-ready sizes ( 4x6 , 5x7 , 8x10 , 8.5x11 ) includes easy-to-use photo editing software to create calendars , photo books and more works with both windows and macintosh systems via its usb and parallel ports networking options available technology overview durabrite ultra pigment ink the epson c88+ uses durabrite ultra ink , a revolutionary , pigment-based ink that delivers superior image quality for all kinds of projects . beautiful with revolutionary durabrite ultra ink , users can achieve remarkable results on glossy photo paper , matte paper and even plain copy paper . with such exceptional quality and versatility , durabrite ultra ink offers the ideal solution for nearly any printing project , from high quality enlargements to everyday text and graphics . double-sided prints look great because the ink will not bleed through . and , when you use epson premium presentation paper double-sided matte , you can make your own professional-looking brochures . durable smudge resistant like all epson ink , durabrite ultra features a quick-drying formula that enables you to touch documents and photos right after printing -- without any messy smudging . with worry-free handling , you can share prints immediately , unlike those printed with some competitive inks that smudge easily and take several minutes to dry . fade resistant the special formulation of durabrite ultra ink also offers fade resistant properties that exceed those of photo lab prints , as well as those printed on many competitive products . in fact , with this remarkable ink , photos can resist fading up to 100 years ! 2 water resistant your prints will be water resistant on all supported papers ( even plain paper ! ) . because durabrite ultra ink is pigment-based , ink particles will not dissolve if they come into contact with water . so , prints resist smearing or accidental damage by spills or moisture . paper handling capacity the epson c88+ has a high-capacity , 120-sheet input tray that holds various paper sizes , up to 8.5 '' x 14 '' . connectivity the printer can be connected to multiple computers using its built-in usb and parallel ports . plus , it can switch between ports automatically . the epson c88+ can also be connected to different platforms simultaneously , including macintosh and windows-based systems . 1. pages per minute ( ppm ) speed measured after first page , based on black and color text patterns in draft mode on plain paper . additional print time will vary based on system configuration , software application and page complexity . see www.epson.com printspeed for more information about print speed . 2. fade resistance rating is based on accelerated testing of prints on specialty media , displayed indoors under glass or uv filter . actual print stability will vary according to media , printed image , display conditions , light intensity , humidity and atmospheric conditions . epson does not guarantee longevity of prints . for maximum print life , display all prints under glass or uv filter or properly store them . visit www.wilhelm-research.com for the latest information . what 's in the box epson stylus c88+ ink jet printer , one black ink cartridge ( t060120 ) , one cyan ink cartridge ( t060220 ) , one magenta ink cartridge ( t060320 ) , one yellow ink cartridge ( t060420 ) , printer documentation , cd-rom containing printer software ( windows and macintosh ) , note : cable not included
ultraship 55 lb . digital postal shipping & kitchen scale . * capacity 55lbs or 25kg
royal sovereign electric coin sorter , patented anti-jam technology , 1 row of coin sorting ( co-1000 ) . the royal sovereign co-1000 1 row electric coin sorter is the perfect solution for fast , convenient , and simple automatic coin sorting . this coin sorter sorts at a fast speed of up to 240 coins per minute . also included is a large coin hopper capacity that can hold up to 300 coins for consumer coin counting convenience . the coins easily sort into preformed coin wrappers for easy transition to coin wrapping and rolling . the co-1000 comes with patented anti-jam technology to ensure precise internal sorting when counting coins and hassle-free operation . an additional convenient feature is a collection bin that gathers loose change that spills over for easy clean up from your change counter ! this coin sorter contains 1 row of coin tubes for each denomination as well as a quick and easy 1 button coin counting operation . since 1986 , royal sovereign has been a global leader in money management equipment including , bill counters , counterfeit detectors , our patented coin sorters , and cash accessories .
quik cart two-wheeled collapsible handcart with yellow lid rolling utility cart with seat heavy duty lightweight . quik cart two-wheeled collapsible handcart with yellow lid rolling utility cart with seat heavy duty lightweight amazingly , this multi-purpose cart with lid will collapse to a mere three inches in height . this means you can take it just about anywhere you might need it without worrying about tripping over it when its not in use . when you are ready to use it , it opens in seconds . the cart lid doubles as a seat you can sit on if you 're in line , and `` triples '' as a step stool that will support up to 250 pounds . made of aluminum and heavy-duty plastic , the cart is durable enough to carry up to 80 pounds . the cart rolls around on two easy-glide wheels and features a collapsible handle for easy maneuvering. -- josh dettweiler what 's in the boxcart , retractable handle , two easy-glide wheels
pentel graph gear 1000 automatic drafting pencil , 0.5mm lead size , brushed metal barrel , 1 each ( pg1015a ) . finely chiseled metallic grip inlaid with soft latex-free pads . dual-function pocket clip releases heavy spring mechanism to retract tip . sophisticated brushed metal barrel . writes crisp , .5mm fine lines of consistent density . refillable with pentel super hi-polymer lead and z2-1 refill eraser .
quartet magnetic whiteboard , porcelain , white board , dry erase board , 4 ' x 8 ' , aluminum frame ( ppa408 ) . quartet duramax porcelain whiteboard has an easy-to-erase surface that helps keep the board clean and legible . write , erase and rewrite on a clean surface , every time . the porcelain surface will not stain or ghost . this board is meant to withstand heavy use and comes with a 50 year surface guarantee . easily hang visual aids on the magnetic surface and jot down ideas on the boards open space . give your classroom , office or home a contemporary update . add organization to your classroom , office or home with timeless style . the sturdy aluminum frame will match any dcor , making it a perfect addition to your space . proudly assembled in us with foreign and domestic parts . we are dedicated to providing quality , long-lasting products to our customers . quickly set up the board in your classroom or office . the board comes with mounting hardware , so you can hang it and use it right away . measures 4 ' x 8 ' . comes with full length accessory tray and mounting hardware . for best results use quartet accessories , sold separately .
# 9 double window security tinted envelopes with a self seal closure for use with invoices and statements , 24 lb . white wove , 3-7 8 x 8-7 8 , 500 per box ( 24529 ) . double window design eliminates the need to print or label your envelopes . in a matter of seconds , the redi-seal closure can be sealed and ready for delivery ; just fold down the flap for a lasting hold . tinted with a blue security lining , no one but the intended receiver can access enclosed confidential information . wove finish adds a professional touch .
lorell mobile standard file with lock , 13-1 2 by 24-3 4 by 28-1 4-inch , black . economy file is designed for letter-size hanging folders ( sold separately ) . design features a sliding cover , keylock to secure files , piano-hinge top and shelf storage on bottom . all units are keyed alike . mobile file has four dual-wheel casters for easy mobility .
polycom voicestation 300 ( 2200-17910-001 ) . pcy220017910001 voicestation 300 voice-conferencing telephone , 360 coverage in a 7-ft. range
cssn portable business card scanner and reader - scan2contacts . the new portable business card scanner and reader - scan2contacts is an easy to use and accurate , add-on business card scanning software for microsoft outlook contacts management . the business card scanner and reader scans business cards and automatically creates a new contact record . the textual data is extracted from the business card using ocr - optical character recognition technology , and inserted to the appropriate contact fields and the image file of the card is attached ( color image scanned by the business card scanner ) . scan2contacts business card scanner and reader works directly from within outlook . scan2contacts business card scanner and reader is fully integrated and while installing , a small toolbar is added to outlook and is loaded while startup . scan2contacts business card scanner and reader is the only business card scanner and reader that does not require cards to be scanned into another application before the information can be entered into outlook . scan2contacts business card scanner and reader eliminates the need to manually type new leads into outlook . scan2contacts business card scanner and reader creates complete and accurate contact information , in a few seconds . with its portable small footprint mobile scanshell 800n ocr scanner , it is the ideal business card scanner and software . just plug in the scanner , open up outlook and the program is ready to go . feed a card into the scanner tray and watch how the card is automatically detected , scanned and neatly filed in outlook . scan2contacts business card scanner and reader is : - fully integrated into microsoft outlook - auto-detect function - extracts both data and image - only few seconds per scan - no external power needed - no need to install any 3rd party software - no need to learn any new software - no more syncing or exporting - fully mobile small footprint business card scanner and reader
paperpro inpower+28 executive stapler - 3 in 1 stapler - one finger , no effort , spring powered stapler , black silver ( 1110 ) . paperwork can be a hassle , but stapling it should n't be . with the paperpro inpower+ 28 's one-finger spring-powered technology , experience fast and easy , jam-free stapling when you need it most at school , work , or the home office . 80 % easier than standard staplers , all it takes is the press of a finger to fasten up to 28 sheets . sleek and durable , the die-cast metal housing delivers long lasting performance . with a built-in staple puller , staple storage compartment , and an ergonomic design that positions perfectly in the palm of your hand , comfortably staple without missing a sheet . opens for bulletin board tacking and craft use . full strip ( 210 ) staple capacity ; uses standard staples . for optimal performance , use paperpro premium standard staples ( 1901 ) . three-year limited warranty . features : uniquely effortless operation for an easier stapling experience . with one-finger stapling technology , all it takes is a finger to get the job done . the long-lasting sleek , die-cast metal body provides the eye candy your desk craves . the easy stapling of up to 25 sheets along with the ergonomic non-slip comfort grip and base , provide the luxury you deserve . using standard staples , it also works jam-free and opens for bulletin board tacking . perfect for home , school , or the office experience a better way to staple .
25 # 000 4x8 kraft bubble mailers padded envelopes 4 x 8 . these tough premium shippers are proven solutions for a wide variety of items . 4 '' x 7 '' usable space
50 # 7 14.25x20 ecolite kraft bubble mailers padded envelopes # 7 . these tough premium shippers are proven solutions for a wide variety of items .
brother mfc-240c color inkjet all-in-one printer with fax . brother mfc-240c color flatbed multi-function center the brother mfc-240c color flatbed multi-function center combines all your basic office equipment needs into one space-saving device . this unit is ideal for small or home-based businesses because it performs so many functions in one compact , stylish machine . fast , reliable , and extremely user friendly , the mfc-240c can help boost efficiency and increase productivity . the brother mfc-240c color flatbed multi-function center combines all your basic office equipment needs into one space-saving device . view larger . by offering color printing , faxing , coping , scanning and photo printing , all from an easy-to-use control panel , this pc and mac compatible system can boost your bottom line , save you money , and help your business thrive . fast , reliable printing and scanning the mfc-240c works quickly , minimizing wait times so you can take on other tasks . this system prints color documents at remarkable speeds of up to 20 pages per minute ( ppm ) and 25 ppm for black-and-white , so you can have your documents in your hands fast . the 10-page automatic document feeder and front-loading paper tray with 100-sheet paper capacity mean you wo n't have to worry about complicated paper-changing techniques slowing you down . this system also gives you professional photo lab quality results by printing borderless photos in all standard sizes . for added convenience , you can print images from your pictbridge-enabled cameras and media cards without a computer ; the mfc-240c accepts memory stick , xd picturecard types m and h , compactflash and securedigital . the flatbed color scanner offers up to 19,200 dpi ( interpolated ) resolution and up to 600 by 2400 dpi ( optical ) resolution , so all your images will be sharp and clear . easy , versatile copying and faxing when you need to make copies or send a fax , there 's no need to purchase a separate machine ; the mfc-240c offers speedy , dependable results each and every time you use it . with copying speeds of up to 18 copies per minute ( cpm ) in black-and-white and 16 cpm in color , the mfc-240c virtually eliminates time spent waiting for a job to complete . you also have the option of customizing your copies so they 're always clear and easy to read by simply reducing or enlarging in one percent increments from 25 to 400 percent . for added convenience , the fax machine offers both black-and-white and color faxing with a 14.4 kbps high-speed fax modem . as versatile as it is efficient , this system also supports caller id and distinctive ring fax broadcasting from any pc .
50 - # 1 7.25x12 poly bubble mailers padded envelopes . package quantity = 50 pieces - 50 - # 1 - 7.25 '' x 12 '' ( 7.25 '' x 11.25 '' usable space ) poly bubble lined padded mailers
# 2 8.5x12 '' poly bubble mailers padded envelopes , 100 ct . genuine valuemailers trademarked product - 100 - # 2 - 8.5 '' x 12 '' ( 8.5 '' x 11.25 '' usable space ) poly bubble lined padded mailers
philips voip 080 skype voip travel phone . philips voip 080 skype voip travel phone is a phone with a wired usb connection to the pc and an integration with skype . it features clearvoice providing face to face conversation quality with the convenience of a classic phone .
fanstel g99m large screen caller id with call waiting display box landline telephone accessory . type ii large backlit screen- caller id unit- caller id receives and displays name number and calling time - call waiting caller id- stores calling numbers names and calling times of last 99 calls answered or not - 4 buttons : dial flash delete forward review and backward review - large backlit 3-line lcd - lcd viewing area : 1.5 '' x 3.1 '' - supports both bellcore and etsi call waiting caller id interfaces - universal message waiting indication- automatic stutter tone detection - visual message waiting indication ( fsk ) - flashing led and lcd icon indicate message ( s ) waiting in your local telephone company 's voice mailbox - use the dial flash button to switch between calls in call waiting state - use the dial flash button for the call back feature - preset up to 4 area codes one for 7digit dialing and three for 10 digit dialing -ac adapter is included with optional 3 aa batteries to back-up memories and operation of caller id during power failure - size : 4.1 '' x 4.1 '' - off white
icon time systems proximity badges ( 25 ) . overview have buddy punching issues ? adding proximity badge entry to your employee time clock to minimize buddy punching and save your company money . the universal time clock terminal contains a built-in proximity badge reader , which means you may simply add proximity badges to make make employee sign in even easier . proximity technology makes this sleek device incredibly easy to maintain , and no moving parts or contact with badges ensure years of worry-free operation . proximity badges are fast and easy to use , employees simply wave their badges in front of the time clock to punch in or out , even while the badge is in the employee 's wallet or purse . with the proximity reader , no direct contact is required and there are no moving parts making the terminal virtually maintenance free . info key makes viewing of employee 's last punch or total hours worked easy . with proximity badges , there is no pin number to forget , sign in is quick and keeps dirty fingers off of the clock ! why choose a proximity badge system ? proximity systems are rapidly replacing magnetic stripe or barcode badge systems . why ? because magnetic and barcode badges wear out , are less secure ( they can be duplicated ) , and require exposed electronics to read . vandalism , dirt , and grime can break the slot that the badges run through . and because proximity badges do n't wear out and ca n't be duplicated . what 's more , since the employee simply touches their wallet or purse to the clock to sign in or out , proximity badges are lost less frequently than magnetic or barcode badges .
brother fax4100e intellifax plain paper laser fax copier . the brother intellifax-4100e high speed business-class laser fax is designed to meet the needs of any business with its high-capacity paper tray , automatic document feeder , ultra-fast fax speeds , and even high-quality copy capabilities . this fax machine can even operate as a black and white printer with speeds of up to 15 pages per minute ( ppm ) by using the built-in usb and parallel interfaces . the brother intellifax-4100e high speed business-class laser fax is designed to meet the needs of any business with its high-capacity paper tray , automatic document feeder , ultra-fast fax speeds , and even high-quality copy capabilities . this fax machine can even operate as a black and white printer with speeds of up to 15 pages per minute ( ppm ) by using the built-in usb and parallel interfaces . with fax speeds of up to 3 seconds per page , the intellifax-4100e is designed with speed and efficiency as a priority . make crisp 600 dpi laser copies as fast as 15 copies per minute ( cpm ) , and resize documents from 50-percent up to 200-percent with the push of a button . the 4100e 's 8mb of integrated memory allows for up to 500 fax pages to be stored during high-capacity fax jobs . paper handling on high-capacity jobs is also outstanding with the 4100e 's large 250-sheet paper tray , which is expandable to 500-sheets ( optional ) , and its time-saving 30-page automatic document feeder . the intellifax-4100e laser fax machine measures 17.4 x 17.1 x 12.7 inches ( wxdxh ) and weighs 23.3 pounds . it offers a maximum monthly duty cycle of 15,000 pages . it 's backed by a 1-year limited warranty . what 's in the box brother intellifax-4100e laser fax machine , handset curled cord , telephone wire cord , power cord , drum unit with standard toner cartridge ( 3,000 pages ) , quick setup guide , cd-rom , owner 's manual .
panasonic plain paper fax copier- ultra-compact design . . panasonic plain paper thermal fax copier multi-copy up to 20 pages b & w fax machine with phone handset . can be used on a single line with voice phone . recognizes caller-id and distinctive ring service . uses thermal film rolls which dont dry out like inkjet cartridges . can makes copies .
staedtler mars drafting mechanical pencils 3 pk , 0.3 , 0.5 , & 0.7mm widths , 925wp3 . drafting technical pencils for writing and drawing . 3 ea .5 , .7 , & .9 mm tips . iso color coding on barrel and push-button . adjustable hardness degree indicator . non-slip rubber grip zone . chrome plated metal clip & tip , aluminum hardness degree ring .
safco products onyx mesh 2 tray 6 sorter desktop organizer 3255bl , black powder coat finish , durable steel mesh construction , space-saving functionality . onyx mesh 2 tray 6 sorter desktop organizer transforms desktop clutter into an organized , more productive workspace . it features a stronger , thicker , commercial-grade steel with a powder coat finish for years of heavy , repetitive use . organizer includes two horizontal trays to keep essential letters and documents at your fingertips and six 2 '' wide vertical sections for file folders , binders , notebooks , and textbooks . ideal for use in cubicles , home offices , mailrooms and desks tables . the onyx family includes a diverse collection of stylishly-designed steel mesh products , from desktop organizers to machine stands . onyx makes it easy to create a sleek , professional , organized workspace . an ideal desktop accessory , the safco mesh desk organizer comes with two horizontal and six upright sections . designed to organize file folders , binders , notepads and more , this organizer 's 11-3 8 x 13 x 13-1 2 inch space-saving design gives you a total of eight storage compartments in a small footprint .
safco products onyx mesh 5 sort vertical desktop organizer 3256bl , black powder coat finish , durable steel mesh construction . onyx mesh 5 sort vertical desktop organizer keeps essential files and documents organized and within easy reach . the stronger , thicker , commercial-grade mesh steel provides stability while the powder coat finish helps reduce chipping and scratching for years of heavy , repetitive use . five 2 '' wide vertical sections hold file folders , cookbooks , homework , journals , and binders . place it in business and home offices , cubicles , mailrooms , school rooms , hobby rooms , and on work desks and communal tables for a long-lasting workspace declutter solution . the onyx family includes a diverse collection of stylishly-designed steel mesh products , from desktop organizers to machine stands . onyx makes it easy to create a sleek , professional , organized workspace .
canon pixma mp530 office all-in-one inkjet photo printer . just think of what you can accomplish with this compact all-in-one : print photos and text . copy important papers . fax documents and forms . scan personal notebooks and photos . and all with the high performance and exceptional quality that comes with a canon printer . with productivity like this , the mp530 office all-in-one just may become your favorite machine . the canon pixma mp530 is a versatile all-in-one unit combines printing , scanning , faxing , and copying capabilities in one compact , space-saving device that delivers fast , professional results job after job . you can use the mp530 to print both photos and text , copy important papers , fax documents and forms , and scan personal notebooks and photos . featuring a productive 30-page automatic document feeder that can copy , scan , or fax multiple-page documents , this powerful unit prints up to 29 pages per minute ( ppm ) in black and white and 19 ppm in color , and delivers a borderless 4-by-6-inch photo in about 51 seconds . fax at up to 33.6 kbps in color or black and white , store 40 speed-dial codes and enjoy the convenience of the 150-page fax memory that safely stores all incoming faxes if paper or ink runs out . finally , the built-in scanner offers 1200 x 2400 dot-per-inch ( dpi ) optical resolution with 48-bit color depth for vibrant images . thanks to its 1,856 precision nozzles , the mp530 offers exceptional print resolution of up to 9600 x 2400 dpi , and ink droplets the size of one picoliter produce exceptionally detailed photos . and you can enjoy these results immediately by taking advantage of the click-connect-print option . simply capture an image with a pictbridge-ready digital camera or dv camcorder , then connect and print -- it 's that easy . additionally , the usb 2.0 interface enables the fastest possible image transfers and scanning speeds , while the dual color gamut processing technology automatically optimizes copy quality based on the type of originals you are copying . this means that you can always trust the mp530 to deliver the highest quality materials to help keep your business productive .
canon pixma ip6700d photo printer ( 1441b002 ) . this versatile machine is a photo-printing powerhouse . its patented print head technology and six ink tanks produce beautiful , long-lasting prints with startling color and detail . the extra-large 3.5 '' color lcd viewer lets you enhance images before printing , and advanced paper handling increases your productivity . plus , you can print from your computer , compatible memory cards , cameras , bluetooth devices , even camera phones ! the canon pixma ip6700d photo printer is a versatile photo-printing powerhouse . its patented print head technology and six ink tanks produce beautiful , long-lasting prints with startling color and detail . the extra-large , 3.5-inch color lcd viewer lets you enhance images before printing , and advanced paper handling increases your productivity . plus , you can print from your computer , compatible memory cards , cameras , bluetooth devices , and even camera phones . ideal for home use , this economic , high-performance unit looks sleek and stylish on a desktop . the pixma ip6700d photo printer produces beautiful , long-lasting prints with startling color and detail . view larger . this printer makes it easy to print and share digital photos at home . about the ip6700d the ip6700d is an extremely user friendly , efficient machine designed to meet all your printing needs in one compact , stylish unit . want to print out photos taken over the weekend , or fill an album with baby pictures right after your child takes his or her first steps ? need a hard copy of directions to a friends house or information from a web page ? the single function ip6700d gives you more choices , more features and a better value , no matter what your needs . it also works fast , offering print speeds of 47 seconds for 4 x 6 inch borderless photos and 76 seconds for 8 x 10 inch photos . and the built-in two sided printing feature and second paper tray drastically reduce wait times . in addition , the ip6700d utilizes canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) technology and the chromalife100 ink system to produce high-quality , long-lasting photos . with smart led equipped ink tanks and the canon advanced paper handling system , the ip6700d has the capabilities of a photo kiosk built right in . easy operation and exceptional resolution the ip6700d features 3,072 precision nozzles that create exceptional resolution of up to 9600 by 2400 color dots per inch ( dpi ) . you 'll also enjoy amazing , eye-catching detail in every print , thanks to microscopic one-picoliter sized ink droplets . two high-intensity photo inks plus four conventional inks equals precise , life-like color . you get all this with simple , convenient operation . first , the ip6700d gives you the option to preview before you print . this way , you can fine-tune your images before you commit to printing them out . when you 're ready , just connect your pictbridge ready digital camera , dv camcorder , or compatible memory card and print . it 's truly that simple . for added convenience , the ip6700 also lets you print wirelessly right from your infrared-enabled mobile camera phone , or a compatible bluetooth device , ( using the optional usb bluetooth adapter ) . you can do all this quickly and easily thanks to the usb 2.0 interface , which enables the fastest possible image transfers . canon chromalife100 system for image permanence the ip6700d uses canon 's chromalife100 system , including fine print head technology for vivid photo printing . when using select genuine canon photo papers and inks , prints can resist fading for up to 100 years when stored in an archival quality photo album . the 100-year-lifespan rivals that of many traditional film based photos , long considered by consumers to be the benchmark for image permanence . prints produced on canon photo paper pro with chromalife100 inks have an up to 10-year gas fastness when exposed to open air . additionally , chromalife100 prints , when created using canon photo paper pro or photo paper plus glossy , have up to 30-year lightfastness when displayed under glass . canon fine engineering launched globally by canon in 1999 , the canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) advanced print head technology is one of the keys to the impressive speed and high photo quality in pixma photo printers . fine technology uses a ground-breaking high-performance , multi-nozzle print engine that ejects consistent and microscopic ink droplets . the results are high-resolution photos with great detail and clarity in less time . what 's in the box pixma ip6700d photo printer , print head , ink tanks ( cli-8 black , cli-8 cyan , cli-8 magenta , cli-8 yellow , cli-8 photo cyan , cli-8 photo magenta ) , power cord , easy setup instructions , document kit ( setup software and user 's guide cd-rom , quick start guide , direct printing guide , registration card , and cross sell sheet . )
hp photosmart c6180 all-in-one printer , fax , scanner , and copier . hp photosmart c6180 all-in-one printer , fax , scanner , copier overview the hp photosmart c6180 all-in-one printer , scanner , copier , fax features leading printing innovations for versatility and home productivity . built-in wireless networking , usb flash drive , and the hp photosmart express software user interface allow users to print and copy photos with ease . the hp photosmart c6180 all-in-one also provides multiple ways to print without a computer using the 2.4-inch color image display with memory cards , camera phones or pictbridge enabled cameras . print lab-quality photos in as fast as 12 seconds without a computer directly from pictbridge-enabled cameras using convenient front usb port amazon.com product description the hp photosmart c6180 all-in-one printer , fax , scanner , and copier is a multi-function unit that can help increase the productivity of your business . designed for high-volume home use , this system features leading printing innovations for versatility and productivity . intuitive controls make printing tasks a snap . view larger . print and copy with ease thanks to built-in wireless networking , usb flash drive , and the hp photosmart express software . convenient and flexible , the c6180 also provides multiple ways to print without a computer using memory cards , camera phones , or pictbridge enabled cameras . user-friendly operation and professional results ideal for high-volume printing , the c6180 is loaded with features that deliver professional quality results in minutes . first , this system comes equipped with an efficiently designed six-ink color system with vivera inks that produces rich and fade-resistant photos while allowing you to replace only the ink colors used , so you 'll never waste an ink cartridge again . to help save you time , the hp photosmart express button makes completing your digital photography experience fast and easy -- view , print , share and save your photos and documents in seconds . the c6180 can handle most memory card formats , as well as pictbridge-capable devices . at the same time , hp photosmart premier software allows you to edit , organize , print , share , archive and create digital photo projects so you can organize and maintain important images and data . to help troubleshoot and fix problems like red-eye , you can choose the option of editing photos directly on the machine . or if you want to enhance the quality of your photos , experiment with adaptive lighting . you can do all this , plus make color and black and white copies , and photo reprints , without a computer ! simply walk up and print or copy using the 2.4-inch qvga color image display with control panel adjustments for optimal viewing from any angle . finally , the c6180 also offers convenient memory card slots that are compatible with compactflash , multimedia card , secure digital , media stick , memory stick duo and xd-picture cards . intuitive design for easy use the c6180 is not only chock full of special features and options , it helps save you time and money by working quickly to accommodate different jobs and paper types . first , the intuitive control panel and convenient one-touch buttons are easy to use , so you 'll never struggle to program a job . and thanks to the automated 4 x 6-inch tray for dedicated photo printing , you can effortlessly print landscapes or other panoramic images with hp panorama photo printing in any size up to 8.5 x 24 inches , with or without borders . at the same time , you can make the most of your new prints by taking advantage of the hp document viewer to easily view , manage , and annotate photos and documents . when it comes to copying , the hp auto paper-type sensor optimizes print and copy quality by adjusting to various papers , which means you wo n't have to worry about wasted paper and poor-quality copies costing you money . fast , reliable printing , coping , faxing , and scanning the c6180 also features a copy options button that allows you to reduce and enlarge , changing copy quality and size so your documents fit your exact needs . the c6180 also works fast , offering print speeds of up to 32 pages per minute ( ppm ) and up to 31 ppm in color ; 4 x 6 inch photos as fast as 12 seconds ; and up to 32 copies-per-minute ( cpm ) in black and up to 31 cpm in color . you can also trust that your documents will always be sharp and clear , thanks to high resolutions of up to 4800 x 1200 dpi black copying , 1200 dpi scanning , and up to 4800 optimized dpi color copying . the fax machine offers an automated , 50-page document feeder , so it efficiently handles even long faxes with speeds of up to seven ppm . it also gives you the option of faxing either with or without a pc . for added convenience , the junk fax barrier helps to eliminate future unwanted junk faxes . what 's in the box hp photosmart c6180 printer , hp 02 black ink cartridge ( 16 ml ) , hp 02 cyan ink cartridge ( 4.5 ml ) , hp 02 magenta ink cartridge ( 4.5 ml ) , hp 02 yellow ink cartridge ( 4.5 ml ) , hp 02 light cyan ink cartridge ( 4.5 ml ) , hp 02 light magenta ink cartridge ( 4.5 ml ) , hp photosmart premier software on cd-rom , setup guide , basics guide , power supply , power cord
sakura gelly roll moonlight pen set , 1 mm bold tip , assorted colors , pack of 10 . brighten up handwriting or artistic expressions for a playful , animated look . gelly roll moonlight evokes the celebrations of halloween or day of the dead , with a fluorescent element making the ink glow under a black light source . reveal the inner heat and energy that words and image express for a sensational effect . writes on vellum a heavy creamycolored paper resembling parchment . best effects on black paper and can be used on white paper . fluorescent colors glow under a black light source and can fade if exposed to direct sunlight . applicable for notes , scrapbooks , greeting cards , gift tags , blacklight art . technical qualities are 1.0mm ball with a 0.5mm line . patented , waterbased gel ink , ice cream smooth , consistent bold line 0.5mm , ultra vivid , opaque ink colors on white or dark paper , does not bleed through vellum and most papers , permanent , waterproof , fade resistant except fluorescent colors fade in direct sunlight , meets astm and acmi nontoxicity standards , not recommended for use on fabrics intended to be washed and not evaluated for cosmetic use on skin . set consists 1 each of fluorescent yellow , fluorescent orange , fluorescent vermilion , fluorescent pink , fluorescent green , red , rose , purple , green and blue color pens . fluorescent moonlight colors are not fade-resistant .
dymo canon cardscan personal v8 card scanner for 32- bit systems . cardscan personal is the smallest most affordable system from cardscan -- ideal for the user on the go . synchronizes easily with outlook , pdas and smart phones . monochrome scanning in about 5 seconds per card . the cardscan personal business card scanner is fast , accurate , and affordable ! saving time capturing business cards is only the beginning . just drag and drop contact information from email or web pages and it 's instantly placed in the correct entry fields of the cardscan software or outlook , palm or windows device . saving time capturing business cards is only the beginning . fast , accurate , portable and affordable ! cardscan personal is our basic contact management tool . save time capturing contact data from business cards , websites , emails and more , and manage them in our software , microsoft outlook , outlook express , the palm desktop or windows mobile device . scanning business cards is only half the story . you  re likely getting as many contacts in email these days . we make quick work of that , too . simply highlight the contact information in an email signature , web page or other text file and drag it over to the cardscan software . it  s instantly placed into the correct fields . it can  t be much easier than that ! if you  re sync  ing to outlook , you now have your contact data there too , all with one click of the mouse . cardscan is also the only leading business card reader with online back-up , web access and an updating service . we keep your data safe so you can access it anytime . user interface how  s it different from other cardscan products ? cardscan personal is our most affordable system . it  s designed for an individual to use . it includes the same software as cardscan executive without the ability to sync with act ! , lotus notes and goldmine . the scanner is monochrome only unlike the executive which is color or monochrome and faster . the personal scanner is our smallest and is designed for travel . all cardscan systems are equally reliable and equally accurate . they all include our 30-day risk free trial . note : cardscan personal does not currently work with 64-bit windows systems . portable designed to take on the road . includes a closing scanner door and travel pouch so you can throw it in your bag with your laptop . rests in the palm of your hand measuring 4.5  x 3.125  . fast ! scans a card in less than 5 seconds . that  s about 12 cards a minute . since all cardscan scanners have batch processing , you won  t likely find faster scan times anywhere . reliable after 14 years of scanner design and improvement , you don  t have to worry about your scanner breaking down . we  re so confident in our technology , we include an unheard-of 2 year scanner warranty . monochrome scans in monochrome with great precision . if color scanning is important to you , check out cardscan executive . get the latest  how-to  tips to make your cardscan contact management solution work harder for you . your cardscan solution comes with so many features that you may find yourself wondering how you ever got along without it . from the simple but all-important capture of contact information to producing mailing labels at breakneck speed , you  ll find each feature a golden opportunity for you to get and stay organized . scan and launch insert the card and voila ! you  ve launched the program . quick search just type a few letters and the software springs into action . organize use categories to display contacts by whatever they have in common . de-dupe resolve conflicting or duplicate information with the duplicate wizard . sync up keep your outlook outlook express , palm , windows mobile device and smartphones up to date and identical . drag and drop no business card necessary ; just an email or other electronic document . one-click email select the contacts you want , click the email button and off you go . easy labeling a print wizard guides you gently to the right format , fields and font ; the software does the rest . safeguard use cardscan at your service for online access with secure backup . how long will it take me to set up the product and get my cards scanned in ? you can set up your cardscan system in about five-ten minutes for individual users , or a few minutes more if you are using one of our solutions for crm systems . between 20-40 cards can be scanned per minute , depending on your system and whether you scan in color or black and white . can the product read hand written notes ? the product will scan hand written notes , but will not be able to interpret them . an image will be saved of the notes for you to refer to or type in later . can it scan insurance cards receipts driver  s licenses ? the card will scan most anything that fits within the dimensions of the width of a business card , but the software is not set up to put the information on cards other than business cards into special fields . the image of these cards will be saved , however . what pdas does cardscan work with ? currently , cardscan works with palm , handspring , sony cli  and windows mobile devices . how accurate is your product ? cardscan can accurately scan most business cards . if you can read the card , cardscan can also . the product will also highlight any fields it feels might be wrong so you can verify the information and correct it if necessary .
samsung clp 300 mini personal color laser printer . samsung clp 300 mini personal color laser printer the space-saving clp 300 is a mobile printer that delivers beautiful color prints at 4 ppm and sharp laser text at 17 ppm . the same exclusive no nois print engine you find in samsung 's professional series color printers gives you quiet operation and simple toner changes . getting up and running is easy , too , with as few as four clicks of the mouse . ideal for crowded offices or anywhere noise is a concern , the printer offers a whisper-quiet 49 dba level of operation . another benefit of its no nois design is easy access to the small toner bottles for fast , simple toner changes . the clp 300 features a 150-sheet multipurpose tray and a 100-sheet output capacity . the printer is compatible with the following operating systems : microsoft windows 98 , windows me , windows 2000 , windows xp , windows 2003 , and mac os 10.3 and later . with speedy usb 2.0 connectivity , the printer measures 15.4 by 13.5 by 10.4 inches and weighs a portable 30 pounds .
cisco small business pap2t-na internet phone adapter with 2 voip ports . < b > subject to customer authorization by linksys. < b > < p > the linksys pap2t internet phone adapter enables high-quality feature-rich voip ( voice over ip ) service through your broadband internet connection . just plug it into your home router or gateway and use the two standard telephone ports to connect analogue phones or use one of the ports for a fax machine .
canoscan 8600f . advanced scanning performance for photos and film advanced scanning performance for photos and film . the canoscan 8600f color image scanner delivers spectacular results , with color dpi resolution of 4800 x 9600 ( max . ) . plus , built-in fare level 3 retouching technology helps correct for dust and scratches on your originals , revives faded images and even brightens faces and reduces graininess . seven easy buttons automate the scanning process , so its simple to scan , copy and create e-mails and multi-page pdfs . to save time , you can batch-scan up to 12 negative frames or 4 slides , either 35mm or medium format . features include : what 's in the box canoscan 8600f , ac adapter , usb cable , film guides : 35mm ( negative positive ) , 35mm ( negative positive mounted slides ) , & 120 roll film strip , documentation kit : setup software & user 's guide cd-rom , quick start guide , cross sell sheet , registration card , warranty card
canon canoscan lide 600f scanner ( 0302b002 ) . versatile scanning performance with compact style versatile scanning performance with compact style . scan family snapshots , school projects , important documents -- even your child 's spelling award . whatever the task , the canonscan lide600f scanner makes it simple . large function buttons automate the process , so it 's easy to scan originals and e-mail them or create pdfs . the advanced double-hinge-lid opens 180 degrees allowing clear , complete scans of your thickest originals such as notebooks . plus , the provided stand holds the scanner vertically , saving you desktop space . features include : spectacular scans : produce scans with spectacular resolution of up to 4800 x 9600 color dpi . rich , vivid color : 48-bit color depth yields over 281 trillion possible colors . multi-image scanning : to save time , simultaneously scan up to 6 frames of 35mm film ( negatives or positives ) . faster data : the usb 2.0 interface enables the fastest possible image transfers and scanning speeds.1 great scans from any angle : position it facing you , turn it 90 degrees , or place it on its side ( with included stand ) to save space . copy scan thick originals : produce clean copies scans even of thick items that do not lie flat on the platen . incredible resolution : the included software greatly enhances resolution , up to an amazing 19,200 color dpi . old photos look new : built-in retouching technology removes much of the dust and scratches on original prints , and revives faded images . less wires : one convenient cable to your computer provides both a usb connection and power . easy scanning : large function buttons automate the scanning process - select the use for the image , and it 's ready in seconds . 1. usb 2.0 hi-speed requires windows xp , 2000 or mac os x operating systems . for windows 98 , me and mac os x v.10.2 to 10.2.6 operating systems , the scanner will operate at usb 1.1 specifications . what 's in the box canoscan lide 600f , usb 2.0 cable , film adapter unit , documentation kit : setup software & user 's guide cd-rom , quick start guide , cross sell sheet , registration card , warranty card
alvin dm07 mechanical pencil , .7mm . alvin dm07 mechanical pencil , .7mm contains hexagons , circles , squares , and triangles in 12 sizes . size : 3 1 2 inches x 5-7 8 inches x .030 inches .
menotek 100 6x9 white poly mailers envelopes bags 6x9 . type a description for this product here ... .pack of 100.self sealing.poly mailer envelopes.white outer surface black privacy lining
250-9x12 white poly mailers envelopes bags 9 x 12 . high quality self sealing mailers .
100 12x15.5 white poly mailers envelopes bags 12 x 15.5 . 100 - 12 '' x 15.5 '' poly mailers
( 100 ) 9 '' x 12 '' white poly mailers envelope bags - 100 cs . 100~ 9 '' x 12 '' white poly mailer envelope bags 100 cs
valuemailers 2.5 mil poly mailers envelopes bags , 10x13-inch , 100 bags , white . b000hg9i5a
100-24x24 white poly mailers envelopes bags 24 x 24 . the poly mailers measure 24 inches wide by 24 inches in length under the flap .
100-6x8 rigid photo ~ mailers envelopes flats by valuemailers . protect important items with these rigid and durable cardboard mailers .
hewlett packard photosmart a310 photo printer . hewlett packard ps a310 photo printer case included a $ 25.00 value , by , phillips .
the faucet queen folding shopping cart with shelf ( 16717 ) . make running errands easier with the helping hand 2-wheel folding shopping cart with folding shelf . a 2-wheel design makes this sturdy cart a perfect daily aid for packing items quickly and easily . it features a foldable shelf so you can use the extra storage for your lightweight items and place heavier items on the top . the faucet queens ' mission is to be the leading provider of convenience home products to retailers and distributors . through our products , programs , promotions and exceptional service we create a single-source business solution . we pride ourselves on being the leader in quality , packaging and logistics through consistency and flexibility . our employees ' commitment to customer satisfaction is the key to our success . the faucet-queens , inc. will continue to provide value to the consumer . the two wheel folding cart is great for laundry , gardening , beach or camping trips . the shelf provides additional storage space and is the perfect size for public transportation . has comfort foam grip handle and folds flat for easy storage . basket dimensions measure 13 x 16 x 21.5 inches .
fisher space pen , bullet space pen with clip , brushed chrome , gift boxed ( 400brcl ) . the original bullet space pen was conceived in july of 1948. paul fisher was soon machining a new pen design shaped from solid aluminum . it became the first fisher ball point pen , the # 400 bullet pen , is arguably the most popular pen of the twentieth century . this pen is now all brass with a brushed chrome finish.when closed , the bullet space pen is the perfect size to carry in your wallet , pocket , purse , car glove box , organizer or toolbox . when open it 's a full sized , evenly balanced writing instrument . the patented ink cartridge was designed by paul fisher for nasa in the 1960 's enabling it to write in temperatures from -30 to +250 degrees fahrenheit , under water , in zero gravity , at any angle , even upside down . includes removable clip .
compatible sharp electronic calculator ribbon twin spool black and red ribbon - fits all twin spool models . genuine original equipment manufacturer ( oem ) parts ! sharp br80c calculator ribbon ( black and red ) for sharp , casio , canon , sanyo , victor , citizen , dirt devil , bordeau , toshiba , ricoh , olivetti , arcoaire , smith corona , ncr , midia , epson , brother , star micronics , hewlett packard , sears , norge , teac , unisonic , samsung , ibm , hanimex-ima , hitachi , abm computer system , universal multiflex ( frigidaire ) , & remington .
xtracpads ripper xxl desktop gaming mat . the ripper xxl is an ergonomic desk mat . this is one big desk mat measuring 914mm x 457mm ( 36 wide x 18 high ) . weve chosen an advanced textile to cover the surface of the ripper xxl desk mat . this material , called polished textile , is strong and durable . weve used our overlock stitch edges to increase comfort . imagine putting shock absorbers underneath your keyboard mouse and you will have an idea of the level of ergonomic comfort you can get from the ripper xxl . tiny pockets of air are found throughout the sure grip open cell rubber base which helps cushion your wrist and create a more ergonomic work space on your desk top . simply unroll the ripper xxl , lift up your keyboard and or monitor , and place the ripper xxl desk mat beneath . ripper xxl , an ergonomic approach to desk mats . *please note that the mouse laptop and any all items pictured in product image ( s ) is for sizing purposes only and not included with the actual mouse pad product . dont buy a copy of one of our products when you can buy the best , choose xtracgear for a tried and true product .
primera bravo se 100-240vac autoprinter . autoprinter , bravo se , 100-240vac ,
casio inc. hr-100tm mini desktop printing calculator . hr-100tm casio desk-top printing calculator hr-100tm this compact but powerful printing calculator is perfect for home or office . this calculator is capable of producing two lines per second , for fast entry and printing . with a large , 12-digit display that is 33 percent larger than comparable models , and its comfortable large-key layout makes it is easy to use , while reducing errors . the hr-100tm makes tax calculations easy with the touch of a button no more confusing features and complex functionality that can result in errors .
canon pixma ip4300 photo printer ( 1438b002 ) . exceptional photo lab quality performance with advanced paper handling exceptional photo lab quality performance with advanced paper handling . the canon pixma ip4300 photo printer is one fast , versatile photo printer . thanks to its patented print head and 5-color ink system , you can quickly produce spectacular , long-lasting photos with borderless edgesfrom credit-card size up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' -- along with bold , laser-quality text . the two paper trays let you hold both plain and photo paper , so you 're always ready to print text or photos . and for convenience , you can print two sided without manually flipping over the page . features include : exceptional resolution : 3,584 precision nozzles create exceptional resolutionup to 9600 x 2400 color dpi.1 more nozzles = high quality . exceptional detail : microscopic 1-picoliter sized ink droplets produce exceptionally detailed photos . click-connect-print : just capture an image with a pictbridge-ready digital camera dv camcorder , then connect and print . print 2 sided : print 2 sided -- and save paper . long-lasting photos : using select genuine canon inks and photo papers , you can create beautiful photos that last up to 100 years.2 vivid color , bold text : four dye-based inks plus a pigment-based black ink deliver superb photos and laser-quality text . enhance your digital photos : easy-photoprint 3.5 software makes it simple to enhance and print amazing-looking digital photos through your computer . smart software , better results : easy-webprint software gives windows users the tools to properly print web pages in full color and without trimming off the right-hand margin . 1. resolution may vary based on printer driver setting . color ink droplets can be placed with a horizontal pitch of 1 9600 inch at minimum . 2. based on accelerated testing by canon in dark storage under controlled temperature , humidity and gas conditions , simulating storage in an album with plastic sleeves . canon can not guarantee the longevity of prints ; results may vary depending on printed image , drying time , display storage conditions and environmental factors . note : page per minute ( ppm ) print speeds are based on the highest speed printer driver mode using black and white and color text patterns . photo print speeds are based on the standard mode driver setting using photo test pattern ( s ) and select canon photo paper . print speed measured as soon as first page begins to feed into printer and will vary depending on system configuration , interface , software , document complexity , print mode , types of paper used and page coverage . what 's in the box pixma ip4300 photo printer , pixma ip4300 print head , ink tanks : pgi-5bk black , cli-8bk black , cli-8c cyan , cli-8m magenta , and cli-8y yellow , power cord , easy setup instructions , document kit : setup software and user 's guide cd-rom , quick start guide , and registration card
satechi sp400 smart-pointer ( blue ) 2.4ghz rf wireless presenter with mouse function and laser pointer for mac and pc . sp400 smart-pointer 2.4ghz rf wireless presenter with mouse function and laser pointer enables you to control your onscreen presentations within a range of 100 feet , making it the perfect tool to use in a large conference room . the presenter supports the most common powerpoint presentation functions including page up , page down , mouse arrow , right click , left click , darken screen , and resume screen . it also has a laser pointer built-in to help your audience focus on key points of your presentation . the compact and lightweight design lets you control your presentation with ease as you present . just plug and play and you are ready to go - no software is required . no need to aim the transmitter to the receiver . minimum system requirements : windows 7 , vista , xp , mac os with one usb port
canon pixma mp600 all-in-one photo printer with easy scroll wheel ( 1451b002 ) . with the all-in-one pixma mp600 , you can quickly print beautiful , long-lasting photos and laser-quality text . copy important documents using the included dual color gamut processing technology ( dcgpt ) for results that are faithful to your originals . scan photos , forms , and important documents with outstanding results . its new easy-scroll wheel makes operation so much easier , and the new 2.5 inch tft display lets you preview images in high definition before printing . you can even print directly from compatible memory cards , digital cameras , bluetooth devices , and camera phones ! standard interface - usb 2.0 hi-speed ( cable not included ) , irda 3 v.1.2 ( jpeg only ) , bluetooth2 v.1.2 ( with optional canon bluetooth unit bu-20 ) scanner resolution - optical - 2400 x 4800 dpi interpolated - 19,200 x 19,200 maximum scanner document size - 8.5 x 11.7 copy reduction enlargement - 25 % - 400 % print 2 sided - print or copy 2 sided and save paper click-connect-print - just capture an image with a pictbridge ready digital camera dv camcorder , then connect and print supported memory media - compactflash , microdrive , smartmedia , memory stick , memory stick pro , sd card and multimediacard v.3.31 . the following can be used with the addition of a special adapter sold separately - xd-picture card , memory stick duo , memory stick pro duo , and minisd card . dimensions ( wxhxd ) - 17.7 x 7.6 x 15.3 inches weight - 22.3 lbs
epson stylus photo r380 color inkjet printer ( c11c658011 ) . the epson r380 offers the power and versatility to print ultra hi-definition photos and documents at home . use the 3.5-inch , color display to view , crop and print photos -- pc-free . get precision prints with clariatm hi-definition ink and automatic photo correction plus easy red-eye removal . print borderless 4x6 photos in as fast as 13 seconds and documents up to 30 ppm* . there 's even direct cd dvd printing with no messy labels . the epson stylus photo r380 offers the power and versatility you need to print ultra hi-definition photos right at home . this full-featured printer goes even further with a host of pc-free capabilities that save you valuable time when printing your photos . print beautiful photos without a pc . use the extra large , 3.5-inch , color lcd to view , select , rotate and crop images from digital cameras , mobile phones or memory cards . for larger memory cards , with hundreds of images , use the exclusive print-by-date mode to quickly sort through your photos . when it 's time to print , the stylus photo r380 automatically analyzes and adjusts the color and lighting of each image , plus easily removes red-eye . you get phenomenal photos without extra effort . with the stylus photo r380 , you get what you want , when you want it . print borderless 4x6 photos in as fast as 13 seconds or print everyday documents in black and color text up to 30 ppm.1 get reprints and enlargements like those you 've come to expect from the lab - only better ! its like having a photo technician right in the printer . precision 6-color printing with claria hi-definition ink provide the ultimate combination of photo quality and longevity . you can feel confident about sharing and displaying stunning borderless photos that are smudge , scratch , water and fade resistant , up to 200 years album storage.3 you can even print directly onto ink jet printable cds dvds using your own photos and text . get professional-looking results with no messy labels . the versatile , full-featured epson stylus photo r380 lets you do more with your photos and documents . get ultra hi-definition prints with remarkable richness , depth and clarity . it 's all possible with epson , the overwhelming brand of choice among professional photographers . features and benefits 3.5-inch color lcd to view , select , rotate , crop and print photos from memory cards , usb flash drives , digital cameras and mobile phones ultra hi-definition prints professional level prints at amazing speeds borderless 4x6 photos printed in as fast as 13 seconds and better than lab quality in as fast as 32 seconds ( default ) ; prints up to 30 ppm ( black and color text ) claria hi-definition ink for the ultimate in photo quality and longevity ( smudge , scratch , water and fade resistant for up to 200 years ) automatic color and lighting correction of your photos , detects scenery or people and automatically adjusts the image , plus easy red-eye removal , for stunning results all with or without a pc . direct printing onto ink jet printable cds and dvds - no messy labels direct photo printing from pictbridge compatible digital cameras and phones up to 5760 x 1440 optimized dpi and 6-color ink for the finest detail dx5 technology produces 5 microscopically small ink droplet sizes , some as small as 1.5 picoliters , for the smoothest gradations and grain free photos . borderfree photos in popular sizes ( 4x6 , 5x7 , 8x10 and 8.5x11 ) on matte and glossy paper a variety of other paper types , sizes and surfaces are available to satisfy your printing needs print movie clips from a digital camera pc-free . notes 1. black text memo , measured after the first page , is in economy mode on plain paper . color photo speed is in draft and photo modes on epson glossy photo paper , measured from start of paper feed . additional print time will vary based on system configuration , software application and page complexity . 2. not available when printing using mac os x . 3. print permanence ratings are based on accelerated testing of prints on specialty media , displayed indoors under glass or uv filter or stored in archival sleeves in album storage . actual print stability will vary according to media , printed image , display conditions , light intensity , humidity , and atmospheric conditions . epson does not guarantee longevity of prints . for maximum print life , display all prints under glass or uv filter or properly store them .
epson stylus pro 3800 printer standard model photo printer . designed from the beginning to exceed all expectations in the area of photographic image quality , the epson stylus pro 3800 incorporates a new , compact , 17-inch wide printer design . in addition , it includes an ultramodern , photographic screening technology , along with breakthrough epson ultrachrome k3tm ink . the epson stylus pro 3800 printer standard model photo printer sets a new bar for professional printing with its sophisticated ultrachrome k3 ink technology , an eight-color pigment-based ink and tri-level black ink system that creates advanced photo pigment combinations and maximum photo resolutions of 2880 by 1440 dpi . the printer 's streamlined design is compatible with most types of cut-sheet media , from standard 4 by 6 inch prints up to 17 by 22 inch sheets , and it easily accommodates fine art paper and 1.5-millimeter-thick posterboard . the stylus pro 3800 prints border-free images , and its three-level black ink system with auto sharing photo and matte black ink technology creates professional black-and-white prints from grayscale or color files . this versatile 27 by 15 by 10-inch printer also features a 2.5-inch backlit lcd panel you can use to preview , select , and print with ease . a high-capacity front-loading paper feeder handles up to 120 sheets of plain , standard-size printer paper , or up to 20 sheets of photographic media , while a second front-loading manual feeder can accommodate paper up to 17 inches wide . in addition , the stylus pro 3800 printer comes backed by a 1-year manufacturer 's warranty . what 's in the box stylus pro 3800 printer , power cord , documentation , cd-rom containing printer drivers and software ( windows and macintosh ) .the epson stylus pro 3800 ships with the following epson ultrachrome k3 ink : photo black ( t580100 ) , matte black ( t580800 ) , light black ( t580700 ) , light light black ( t580900 ) , cyan ( t580200 ) , light cyan ( t580500 ) , magenta ( t580300 ) , light magenta ( t580600 ) , yellow ( t580400 ) .
genuine stratitec inkjet ink refill kit black and color ( 595ml ) - universal ink compatibility made in usa . 2 extra-large bottles black ink ( 170 milliliter ) 1 extra-large bottle cyan ink ( 85 milliliter ) 1 extra-large bottle magenta ink ( 85 milliliter ) 1 extra-large bottle yellow ink ( 85 milliliter ) 1 extra-large bottle photo cyan ink ( 85 milliliter ) 1 extra-large bottle photo magenta ink ( 85 milliliter ) 4 small refill syringes 4 ink injection needles .
sharp el-738fb 10-digit financial calculator . perfect for computing all time-value-of-money calculations . can also perform interest rate conversions , amortization calculations and non-uniform cash flow calculations . ideal for business students and professionals . calculator type : n a ; global product type : calculators ; calculator style : financial ; power source ( s ) : battery .
dymo letratag 100h plus handheld label maker for office or home . featuring a compact , handheld design with easy-to-navigate buttons and a mountable magnetic holder , the dymo letratag plus personal label maker prints your customized labels on letratag paper , available in paper , plastic , or metallic ( sold separately ) . the lcd display allows you to preview before you print , and provides five font sizes , seven print styles ( normal , bold , italic , outline , shadow , vertical , and underline ) , eight box styles , and 195 symbols . you can also select from three language options : english , french , and spanish . the dymo label maker uses four aa batteries or optional ac adapter ( sold separately ) . the new personal labelmaker letratag features a two times larger lcd display than its predecessor and offers an easy graphical wysiwyg on screen editor for fonts and style effects
paper mate write bros grip mechanical pencils , 0.7mm , hb # 2 , assorted colors , 12 count . paper mate write bros grip mechanical pencils offer the reliability of the longest leads , a soft grip and a great eraser . its long # 2 leads help you stay focused on your writing instead of searching for a pencil sharpener . meanwhile , the comfortable grip makes everyday writing a breeze . built to handle demanding classrooms , fast-paced offices and beyond , paper mate write bros lead pencils always have you covered . trust the paper mate mechanical pencil to keep your message on point .
canon pc 170 personal copier . personal copier with a pop-up handle and a scant 19 pound frame , the canon pc170 personal copier makes the portable office more portable . the pc170 has a smart folding compact design , fits on a desktop , and can be carried from office to meeting using the built-in pop-up handle . it requires no warm-up time and has an auto shut-off to save energy . the 50-sheet stack paper tray accepts postcard to letter-size paper and makes 50 copies at a time on full-feed mode at 4ppm .
pacon 5290 medium weight tagboard , 24 x 18 , white ( pack of 100 ) . strong , multipurpose tagboard .
paper mate flair felt tip pens , medium point ( 0.7mm ) , assorted colors , 12 count . fact : dull , smudgy ink is a downer . so boost your writing fun-factor with paper mate flair felt tip pens ! with a rainbow of bright colors and smear-resistant ink that wont bleed through the page , these colored pens make writing a blast . the medium point ( 0.7mm ) writes in bold , colorful lines so your self-expression makes a major statement . the best part of all ? everything you can createwhether youre taking notes , drawing , doodling , or doing anything else that inspires you . with flair pens , theres no limit to your fun .
ampad earthwise business envelopes , # 10 , 22 pound paper , gummed closure , v-flap , 500 per box ( 19702r ) . contains 10 % recycled and at least 40 % post consumer content . feature high quality paper and no chlorine . gummed v-flap closure
advantus proximity badge holder , vertical , 2-3 8 x 4-3 8 '' insert size , clear , 50 per pack ( 75451 ) . designed to keep your valuable , high-tech proximity card safe , clean and secure , advantus proximity badge holders are a must-have item for any company . each clear holder is sized for a 2.38 x 3.38 inch insert in a vertical orientation with the opening on top . just thread a strap clip or neck chain adapter ( sold separately ) through both sides of the pre-punched hole on the badge holder to lock in place . badges or id cards will be securely protected from the elements and the clips will make them easy to access for swiping at security checkpoints . available in a box containing 50 badge holders , these are an excellent choice for small or large office use . advantus corp. is dedicated to providing innovative quality products at fair prices . advantus proximity vertical badge holders are clear , plastic holders designed to protect high-tech badges . perforated holes at the top of the badge accommodate a strap clip or neck chain .
expo low odor dry erase markers , chisel tip , assorted colors , 16 pack . expo low odor dry erase markers feature vivid ink thats easy to see from a distance and provides consistent color quality . these expo dry erase markers erase cleanly and easily from whiteboards and other nonporous surfaces with a dry cloth or expo eraser . the dry erase marker ink is specially formulated to be low-odor making it perfect for use in classrooms , offices and homes . use your colorful expo dry erase markers to track , schedule and present .
rolodex 82436 wood tones monitor stand , 15w x 13d , mahogany . by combining soft curves and the natural beauty of real wood , the wood tones collection creates a contemporary , sleek look that will add an elegant touch to any workspace .
expo low odor dry erase markers , fine tip , assorted colors , 12 pack . expo low odor dry erase markers feature vivid ink thats easy to see from a distance and provides consistent color quality . these expo dry erase markers erase cleanly and easily from whiteboards and other nonporous surfaces with a dry cloth or expo eraser . the dry erase marker ink is specially formulated to be low-odor making it perfect for use in classrooms , offices and homes . use your colorful expo dry erase markers to track , schedule and present .
hammermill paper , premium color copy cover cardstock 8.5 x 11 paper , letter size , 80lb paper , 100 bright , 1 pack 250 sheets ( 120023r ) heavy paper , card stock white . hammermill cardstock white paper  white cardstock , heavy paper for color printing not just thick printer paper , hammermill premium color copy cover paper and cardstock provides a versatile sheet which is perfect for color intensive project as well as offers dependable performance on all office machines . this case of paper is available in cardstock 8.5 x 11 paper , letter size paper , 11 x 17 cardstock white , ledger size paper , white cardstock 8.5 x 14 legal size paper , digital sizes and 3 hole punch . this printing paper can be used as inkjet printer paper , laser printer paper , laserjet printer paper or copier paper , and this white copy paper is available in a ream of paper or a case of paper . bulk pallet options are also available . this acid-free heavy paper prevents yellowing over time to ensure a long-lasting appearance . premium copier paper is fsc certified and made in the usa . next time you print paper , choose hammermill premium heavy paper . premium cardstock paper specs :
u ) canon pro 9000 photo printer . canon pixma pro9000 professional large format inkjet printer
canon imageclass mf4150 laser duplex p s c f 21ppm adf . canon mf4150 imageclass duplex printer copier color scanner fax fast 21 ppm cpm laser output ; duplex output ; scan up to 9600 dpi color ; 33.6 kbps g3 fax ; usb 2.0 hi-speed for optimal performance ; 35-sheet automatic document feeder ; 250-sheet front loading paper cassette ; single cartridge system . print , copy , fax and scan with the imageclass mf4150 laser multifunction from canon . ideal for small to medium-sized businesses , the mf4150 is an efficient multi-function system that can increase workgroup productivity . everyone will benefit from the convenience of having key office functions together in one reliable , compact unit .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } img.withlink { border:1px black solid ; } the canon imageclass mf4150 : prints copies at up to 21 ppm provides color scanning resolution up to 9600 dpi sends traditional and pc faxes at speeds up to 33.6 kbps utilizes high-speed usb 2.0 the front-loading paper cassette is easy to access . view larger . the imageclass mf4150 streamlines office operations . view larger . clearly labeled controls make day-to-day tasks easy . view larger . give your business an edge a must for smaller offices that demand professional results , the mf4150 is a smart , cost-effective choice that can give your business an edge . because it performs the work of four separate machines in single space-saving unit , it can fit in almost any office , streamline maintenance requirements , and keep day-to-day operations simple and stress-free . you 'll never have to worry about keeping track of a variety of user manuals , repair center numbers , or warranties . everything you need to tackle jobs both big and small is right at your fingertips . efficient , time-saving options the mf4150 is packed with useful and time-saving features , such as the 35-sheet automatic document feeder and 250-sheet front-loading paper cassette , both of which cut wait times and deliver professional results when you need them . operating this machine is a breeze ; simply load the originals in the document feeder and enjoy fast print and copy speeds of up to 21 pages per minute ( ppm ) and a first-copy-out speed of less than nine seconds . minimize wait times when scanning documents , you 'll enjoy remarkable tone-on-tone clarity with color scanning up to an enhanced resolution of 9600 dots per inch ( dpi ) . and when you 're faxing or pc faxing , you 'll never have to worry about extended wait times ; documents are transmitted through the super g3 modem at impressive speeds -- up to 33.6 kbps . and because every minute counts , the mf4150 helps complete projects quicker than ever before thanks to the usb 2.0 high-speed interface . built-in duplexing to save paper and cut costs when it 's time to make flyers or manuals , or to distribute multiple-page documents , the built-in duplexing option allows you to print , copy , and fax two-sided documents . this feature also helps reduce paper consumption , which great for both the environment and your bottom line . single-cartridge design for easy maintenance and storage perhaps the most innovative and convenient feature of the mf4150 is its single-cartridge design , which combines the toner , drum , and other moving parts into one unit . this results in excellent image quality retention while eliminating the complication of purchasing or storing separate toner and drum consumables . what 's in the box imageclass mf4150 , power cord set ( 120v ) , telephone line cable , destination labels , document tray , user software cd-rom , starter cartridge , starter guide , mf4150 guide , warranty card , registration card .
datexx db-413 checkbook calculator . db-413 features : -clock , calendar , checkbook organizer all in one unit . -current date and time always at your fingertips . -monitor 3 accounts-tracks back 20 entries . -heavy-duty vinyl wallet safely stores credit cards , receipts and more . -built-in sales tax checker prevents costly rip-offs . product type : -standard . dimensions : overall product weight : -0.47 lbs . overall height - top to bottom : -4.1 '' . overall width - side to side : -7.3 '' . overall depth - front to back : -0.8 '' .
rapesco supaclip # 40 dispenser with 25 refill clips . easy to use , remove and reuse , the supaclip dispenser easily attaches clips to paper and many other materials , idea for keeping papers neat , sealing packets , fastening for freshness and a host of uses around the office , home and even the garden . theres no need to punch or staple and the supaclip clips can be used time and time again , without marking the paper . the supaclip 40 dispenser handles between 2-40 sheets of paper and refills are available in a range of sizes and both stainless steel ( making them ideal for external applications as well ) and multi-colored clips , great for color coding and indexing and a growing range of emoji and heart designs . hugely popular and great for a range of applications , the rapesco supaclip is the original .
ampad evidence quad dual-pad , quadrille rule , letter size ( 8.5 x 11.75 ) , white , 100 sheets per pad ( 20-210 ) . ampad double writing pads have twice the number of sheets of a standard legal pad . everyday weight 15 lb . paper is quad-ruled ( 4x4 ) on both sides for math , engineering and technical applications . the extra-sturdy 80 pt . back cover allows you to easily take notes away from your desk . overall size is 8-1 2 '' x 11-3 4 '' with 100 detached letter-sized sheets . 1 per pack .
yealink b2k rj11 to skype adapter . now you can use your regular home phone for skype or any voip interface ! when your regular phone is connected with this adapter , you can dial and receive calls via skype voip without the need to buyer a skype phone . this adapter allows any desktop cordless phone to operate as a dialer and speakerphone for skype !
fellowes powershred 455ms 9-sheet micro-cut paper and credit card shredder with auto reverse ( 4689401 ) . the fellowes powershred 455ms micro-cut shredder can shred up to 9 sheets of paper per pass into 2011 ( 1 8 x 13 32 security level p-5 ) micro-cut particles providing ultimate protection of confidential documents.this machine also safely cds dvds , credit cards , and staples . achieve hassle-free shredding with all of the features the 455ms has to offer including an auto-reverse system which stops and reverses paper if a jam occurs.to protect more than your identity , the patented safesense technology is designed with an electronic safety sensor that surrounds the paper entry and automatically disables the shredder when hands touch the paper opening . also , the 455mss silentshred technology allows this machine to integrate easily to any environment.with the ability to shred for up to 10 minutes before a cool down period is needed , the 455ms shredder is ideal for personal deskside use and includes a 5-gallon pull-out bin . backed by a worry-free 1-year product and service warranty plus a 5-year cutter warranty . 22.8 '' h x 13.8 '' w x 10.4 '' d
casio hr-150tmplus business calculator . hr-150tm casio desk-top printing calculator hr-150tm this compact but powerful printing calculator is perfect for home or office . this calculator is capable of producing two lines per second , for fast entry and printing . with a large , 12-digit display that is 33 percent larger than comparable models , and its comfortable large-key layout makes it is easy to use , while reducing errors . the hr-100tm makes tax calculations easy with the touch of a button no more confusing features and complex functionality that can result in errors .
casio hr-8tm plus - handheld printing calculator . hr-8tm casio handheld printing calculator hr-8tm this portable mini-printing calculator is perfect for all your on the go accounting needs . this small but powerful calculator is capable of producing 1.6 lines per second and had a large , 12-digit display that is 33 percent larger than comparable models , the hr-8tm makes quick work of cost , selling price and margin calculations and offers easy to use exchange functions for up to three national currencies at the touch of a button , the tax keys allow for easy calculation of amount plus tax , amount less tax and tax amount .
presto a10 printing mailbox for presto service . presto is a combination of the presto printing mailbox and presto mail service . it allows you to use the convenience of email to communicate with loved ones who dont use a computer or the internet . highlights * allows you to send email to people who dont use a computer * combination of the presto printing mailbox and presto mail service * transforms emailed messages into beautiful , easy-to-read e-letters with photos and other attachments automatically printed * nothing new for your loved one to learn messages and photos are automatically retrieved and printed on a schedule you choose , up to five times per day how it works 1. send email , photos and other documents to a presto-provided email address 2. the presto mail service transforms emailed messages and photos into printable , full color e-letters 3. the presto printing mailbox automatically retrieves messages via the phone line and prints them out
magnetic tape , 1 '' wide can be used over and over ( pkg 25ft . ) . so easy to use ! the rubbery material is flexible and easy to cut with scissors . it is ideal for temporarily holding notes , signs and similar objects to a metal surface and because it has no adhesive it can be used over and over . its flexibility also makes it useful for holding objects to an irregular surface . it has a 1 '' width and is magnetized on only one side . this offer includes 25ft of this quality magnetic tape .
safco products scoot desk side printer stand 1856bl , black , 200 lbs . capacity , swivel wheels , silver powder coat finish , contemporary design . scoot desk side printer stand keeps your printer , scanner or fax machine out of your immediate workspace , but within easy reach . constructed with commercial-grade steel for both stability and strength , the cart handles up to 200 lbs . of equipment and supplies with ease . the sturdy legs have a silver powder coat finish to help resist chipping and scratching while the swivel wheels roll smoothly from room to room , even on carpeting . the adjustable shelf and base hold reams of paper , toner cartridges and other office materials . silver and black tones contribute to a contemporary appeal that blends effortlessly into most office dcors . perforated squares on each side of the stand add visual appeal and help promote air flow . this versatile cart performs well in small or home offices , classrooms , dorm rooms and libraries . about scoot scoot is a diverse family that includes desks , standing-height desks , bookcases , lecterns , credenzas , file tubs , printer stands , presentation carts , mail carts , multimedia carts , utility carts and book carts . all products are complementary and can be used together to help create a cohesive , professional working environment . scoot products feature a unique hole pattern design and are constructed of black steel with silver accents and a powder coat finish for added durability . most products include an adjustable side pocket for additional file storage . created to provide convenient space-saving solutions for a variety of workspaces , scoot is great for use in home offices , small offices , personal workspaces , classrooms , computer labs , libraries , mailrooms or a variety of other spaces .
kodak i1210 sheetfed scanner . psmall , powerful and packed with features and benefits , the kodak i1210 scanner delivers on your desktop scanning needs with an unprecedented combination of performance , value and price . p meet all your workgroup needs with an easy-to-use scanner that fits just about anywhere small , powerful and packed with features and benefits , the kodak i1210 plus delivers on your desktop scanning needs . it can auto-feed almost anything at speeds up to 45 pages per minute , including documents as small as an identification card or as long as 863 mm ( 34 in . ) . the i1210 plusscanner provide you with a wide range of output optionsincluding searchable pdf files for easy information access . all the ease of use and versatility youre looking forno matter what the job is our smart touch feature enables you to easily select the right scan settings and applications for the job . with the touch of a button , scan documents to : in addition , this powerful scanner has a unique tilt-and-scan feature that allows you to select the best scanning position for the job : there are also optional tethered flatbed accessories in a3 and a4 sizes for more convenience and flexibility . just connect either , and you can scan a3 exception documents at up to 600 dpi and a4 exception documents at up to 1,200 dpi optical resolution . then just unplug and store the flatbed . its that easy ! get exceptional image quality it starts with 600 dpi optical resolution for razor-sharp images . but we didnt stop there . these compact machines feature our latest perfect page technology , which delivers imaging benefits such as : it all adds up to outstanding image quality thats virtually automatic . no need for rescans ! enjoy unique value with all this capability , affordable pricing and the peace of mind that comes with kodak service & support , the i1210 plus scanner delivers an extraordinary combination of performance and value . specifications are subject to change without notice .
600 label outfitters white cd - dvd jewel case self adhesive spine labels for laser and inkjet - 600 pack . white cd - dvd standard jewel case self adhesive spine labels laser and inkjet printable - 600 pack . word template available .
vaultz vz01270 locking mobile file chest , letter legal , 15 1 4 x 12 1 4 x 11 1 2 , black . highly mobile , with wheels and telescoping handle , this high-capacity locking chest is a safe and attractive place to store and transport letter or legal-size hanging files . it has double combination locks for security , and is hipaa compliant . telescoping handle and sturdy wheels make this item very mobile . also includes handles on sides for easy carrying . black . a copy of our lock instructions can be found under http : www.vaultz.net instructions
hewlett packard c9508fn # 140 hp 21 black original ink cartridges , 2 cartridges ( c9508fn ) . original hp 21 ink cartridge works with : hp deskjet d1311 , d1320 , d1330 , d1341 , d1420 , d1430 , d1445 , d1520 , d1530 , d2330 , d2460 , f340 . hp officejet 4315 , j3640 , j3680 . hp psc 1410. hp 3180. print polished , professional documents with laser-quality black text . hp ink cartridges are designed to work with your hp printer for the best results . get up to twice as many pages vs. with refills . based on a buyers laboratory inc. 2014 study commissioned by hp for the on-average performance of cartridges refilled and remanufactured compared to original hp ink cartridges
hp 92 black original ink cartridges , 2 pack ( c9512fn ) . original hp 92ink cartridges ( c9512fn ) works with : hp photosmart 2575. hp psc 1510.print laser-quality text and graphics at breakthrough speed with a genuine hp black ink cartridge . want more pages , great reliability , and amazing value ? you want original hp inks . deliver consistently impressive printed output , using hp ink cartridges designed for business use . enhance document quality , using office papers with the colorlok symbol . easy printer care simplifies supplies management for multiple printers
hp 92 black & 93 tri-color original ink cartridges , 2 cartridges ( c9361wn , c9362wn ) for hp photosmart 2575 hp psc 1510 . hp 92 black & 93 tri-color original ink cartridges , 2 cartridges ( c9361wn , c9362wn ) . hp 92 & 93 ink cartridge work with : hp psc 1510. cartridge yield ( approx . ) per cartridge : 220 pages black , 220 pages tri-color . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 92 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 92 & 93 ink cartridges ( c9513fn ) colors : black , tri-color .
hp c9353fn # 140 96 black & 97 tri-color original ink cartridges , 2 cartridges ( c9353fn # 140 ) . original hp 96 & 97 ink cartridges ( c9353fn ) works with : hp deskjet 6840 , 6940 , 6988 , 9800. hp officejet 7210 , 7310 , 7410. hp photosmart 8049 , 8050 , 8150 , 8450 , 8750. save time and money when you buy a complete set of inks . advanced hp inkjet print cartridge technology gives you consistently outstanding results . get up to twice as many pages vs. with refills . based on a buyers laboratory inc. 2014 study commissioned by hp for the on-average performance of cartridges refilled and remanufactured compared to original hp ink cartridges
hp c9509fn # 140 21 black & 22 tri-color original ink cartridges , 2 cartridges ( c9351an , c9352an ) . hp 21 black & 22 tri-color original ink cartridges , 2 cartridges ( c9351an , c9352an ) . hp 21 & 22 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet d1311 , d1320 , d1330 , d1341 , d1420 , d1430 , d1445 , d1520 , d1530 , d2330 , d2460 , f340 . hp officejet 4315 , j3640 , j3680 . hp psc 1410. hp 3180. cartridge yield ( approx . ) per cartridge : 190 pages black , 165 pages tri-color . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 21 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 21 & 22 ink cartridges ( c9509fn ) colors : black , tri-color .
akiles rubicoil 11 '' 4:1 pitch coil punching machine for binding + inserting channel . it punches up to 10 sheets , has a binding slot , which aids in the inserting of coil for a faster and more efficient bind . the rubicoil also has a `` u '' shaped handle for maximizing punching strength , has hardened steel dies for clean and precise punching every time even when punching pvc , polyester and paper . the rubicoil is made for a small volume of work . it 's chief advantages are its small size and its small cost . the rubicoil will do a good job for what it was made to do . if your needs are for coil binding books less than 100 sheets and no more than a few copies at a time this may be the coil binding machine for you . it punches up to 10 sheets , has a binding slot , which aids in the inserting of coil for a faster and more efficient bind . the rubicoil also has a `` u '' shaped handle for maximizing punching strength , has hardened steel dies for clean and precise punching every time even when punching pvc , polyester and paper . the rubicoil is made for a small volume of work . it 's chief advantages are its small size and its small cost . the rubicoil will do a good job for what it was made to do . if your needs are for coil binding books less than 100 sheets and no more than a few copies at a time this may be the coil binding machine for you . one year warranty .
hp 56 black & 57 tri-color original ink cartridges , 2 pack ( c9321fn ) . compatible printers : officejet 4215 , officejet 4215v , officejet 4215xi , officejet 5500 , officejet 5505 , officejet 5510v , officejet 5510xi , officejet 5515 , officejet 6105 , officejet 6110 , officejet 6110v , psc 1110 , psc 1110v , psc 1118 , psc 1200 , psc 1205 , psc 1209 , psc 1210v , psc 1210xi , psc 1310 , psc 1311 , psc 1315 , psc 1315v , psc 1315xi , psc 1317 , psc 1340 , psc 1350v , psc 1350xi , psc 1355 , psc 2105 , psc 2108 , psc 2110 , psc 2110v , psc 2110xi , psc 2115 , psc 2150 , psc 2170 , psc 2171 , psc 2175 , psc 2175v , psc 2175xi , psc 2200 , psc 2210 , psc 2210v , psc 2210xi , psc 2410 , psc 2410v , psc 2410xi , psc 2510 , psc 2510xi , deskjet 450wbt , deskjet 5551 , deskjet 5650 , deskjet 5650w , deskjet 5850w , photosmart 7150 , photosmart 7260 , photosmart 7260v , photosmart 7260w , photosmart 7350 , photosmart 7350v , photosmart 7450 , photosmart 7450v , photosmart 7450xi , photosmart 7550 , photosmart 7550v , photosmart 7550w , photosmart 7660 , photosmart 7660v , photosmart 7660w , photosmart 7755 , photosmart 7760 , photosmart 7760v , photosmart 7760w , photosmart 7960 , photosmart 7960w
numbering machine,7 wheels,1 10 x 1-1 4 inches impression , ce black . sturdy , heavy-duty numbering machine is made of all-metal components
spectrum diversified 43310 scroll mail organizer , wall mount , black . unclutter your desktop and kitchen counters with this attractive wall mounted combination letter holder key rack . this accessory organizer provides you with 3 spacious slots for letters and 5 hooks to hang keys . it is crafted in a striking scroll design constructed of black heavy metal for long lasting durability . use it in either the office , kitchen or mud room . matching mounting hardware is included . spectrum is a company that does the small stuff great ! their items are made of better plastics , heavier steel , thicker powder coating , and stronger castings . spectrum inspects every piece before it leaves their factory , so you know you 'll always get top quality products . measures 2.25 '' l x 11.25 '' w x 14.5 '' h. spectrum products incorporate original designs created by and for the exclusive use of spectrum . most of spectrums products are protected by intellectual property rights including issued design patents and pending design patent applications . protection for certain products may be provided and or augmented by other federal and state proprietary rights including trademark , trade dress and copyright rights in the appearance and design of the products .
elegant desk embosser - chrome . these elegant precision made , cast desk embossers make a fine addition to any desk or office . the embossers are metal cast , then individually polished by hand to create a smooth , beautiful surface . they are available with a baked-on black epoxy finish , a plated 24k lustrous gold flashed finish or a lustrous chrome plated finish . the die holders are removable and interchangeable , and are available in standard 1 5 8 '' ( 41mm ) diameter and 1 '' x 2 '' ( 26mm x 51mm ) rectangular die sizes . great for executive gifts , notaries , lawyers , personal embossers , name and address and much more . a perfect gift for the person who has everything !
con-tact brand 06f-c9052-06 chalkboard liner , 1 roll , black . con-tact brand lets you turn anything into a writing surface with this self-adhesive chalkboard . perfect for restaurants , school , or office . cut to any shape and size . peel position and reposition . write and wipe .
3m scotch 311dc heavy duty 1-inch mounting squares . adhesive on both sides of foam squares for mounting pictures and decorations on most types of walls including ceramic tile and wood surfaces that are clean , dry , and smooth . not recommended for use on wallpaper or walls painted with flat paint . holds up to 2 lb ( 900g ) .
alvin wrf40 wire bin roll file 20 slots . alvin wrf40 wire bin roll file 20 slots
ideal 4912 text stamp 3 4 '' x 1-7 8 '' . ideal 4912 custom self inking rubber stamp . 3 4 '' x 1-7 8 '' the new ideal stamp was designed with input from those that use it the most -- the end-user . featuring an attractive modern design , easy ink cartridge change , and a crystal clear positioning window , it 's easy to see why the ideal stamp is a best seller . the ideal stamp is also a product you can feel good about using because it is also climate-neutral . as standard . in comparison with the previous model , up to 49 % * co2 is saved during manufacture . the residual , unavoidable co2 footprint is compensated by investment in gold standard climate protection projects recommended by the wwf .
brother pt-70 personal handheld labeler with special time & date function . brother p-touch pt-70 thermal label printer pt-70 thermal & label printers the pt-70 is a handheld all in one affordable , feature packed personal labeler . the pt-70 will easily print labels in 6 type sizes , 9 type styles and 1 font for all different labeling needs-all you have to do is type in your text and print . at the touch o
panasonic kx-ts4200b 4-line integrated phone system expandable up to 16 stations with speakerphone , black . panasonic kx-ts4200b 4-line integrated phone system expandable up to 16 stations with call waiting , caller id and speakerphone
northwestern bell 88064202714 big button w caller id white . northwestern bell speakerphone caller idlarge , backlit lcd displaybraille keypadoversized , raised buttons13 # memory70 # call memorynew call led indicationmessage waiting indicationbattery low indicationlighted keypadvisual ring indicationredial pause flashtone pulse dialingwall mountablehearing aid compatiblehandset receiver volume control1 year manufacturer 's warrantywhitenwb202701
versacart folding shopping cart transit utility cart - transport up to 120 pounds ( water-resistant heavy duty canvas ) , navy blue . imagine the load this sturdy , easy-rolling folding cart will take off you and your back . lightweight at only 9 lbs , the patented original versacart folding cart easily handles 120 lb of cargo and then some , yet folds up in a snap for compact storage in your trunk or closet . use it for grocery , shopping , laundry , picnics , camping and so much more . the extra large detachable nylon canvas bag measures 21 '' h x 17 '' w x 18 '' d for a generous 3.72 cu ft capacity . the bag has handles , a fitted cover and is coated for water-resistance . features thick ergonomic easy-grip handles and double wheels all around for maneuverability and stability . no assembly tools required . simply pop in the swiveling front wheels and you 're ready to roll . forget those flimsy chicken-wire carts of yore . the patented versacart is simply the best-value best-looking folding cart available .
northwestern bell 2-line corded phone ( 52905-1 ) . - 2-line corded telephone- 13 # memory ( 3 one-touch 10 two-touch ) - mute flash hold last number redial- ringer on off switch- tone pulse dialing- wall mountable- hearing aid compatible- dial pad located under handset - sep
panasonic dect 6.0-series dual-handset cordless phone system with answering system ( kx-tg1032s ) . panasonic introduces the latest in innovative solutions with its new line of low interference dect ( digital enhanced cordless communications ) 6.0 cordless telephones systems . the major benefits of this new line of dect phones include up to 17 hours of talk time , substantial handset expandability , and markedly reduced interference . engineered to work in the 1.9 ghz frequency range , these phones will not conflict with other wireless devices such as 2.4 ghz wi-fi computer routers , wireless keyboards and mousse , microwave ovens , and other common household devices . and because its digital , dect 6.0 technology also provides long ranges , excellent clarity , and helps deter eavesdropping . extended talk time and reduce interference panasonic introduces the latest in innovative solutions with its new line of low interference dect ( digital enhanced cordless communications ) 6.0 cordless telephones systems . the major benefits of this new line of dect phones include up to 17 hours of talk time , substantial handset expandability , and markedly reduced interference . what are the benefits of panasonic dect 6.0 phones ? engineered to work in the 1.9 ghz frequency range , these phones will not conflict with other wireless devices such as 2.4 ghz wi-fi computer routers , wireless keyboards and mousse , microwave ovens , and other common household devices . and because its digital , dect 6.0 technology also provides long ranges , excellent clarity , and helps deter eavesdropping . multiple voice paths are used to enable the entire series to provide up to 3-way conferencing , this allows for multiple handsets to be used at the same time and up to 2 handsets can join into a conversation with one outside caller . they also provide for intercom between handsets and phonebook sharing . additionally , these systems are extremely comfortable and easy to use , with the handsets featuring large keypads buttons that are almost twice the size of standard phone keypad buttons , and are designed top fit comfortably in both your hand as well as cradled on your neck . all models in the dect 6.0 line include a base station-integrated digital answering machine with voice menu , digital handset speakerphones , handsets with a clock on the lcd with alarm function , three-line backlit lcd , and incoming call indicator lights . more about the panasonic kx-tg1032s expandable digital cordless answering system with two handsets : up to 17-hours of talk time comfortable , easy-to-use , large-button handset dect 6.0 technology means less interference spanish lcd and voice prompt expandable up to six handsets3 up to 3-way conference capability3 wireless network friendly phonebook sharing3 light-up indicator with ringer message alert built-in clock with alarm on handset call waiting caller id1 50-station phonebook and dialer 16-minute all-digital answering system wall-mountable base unit total of two handsets , one base and one chargers included 1. requires subscription to name-and-number caller id , call waiting and or voice mail services offered by certain local telephone companies for a fee . 2. requires optional accessory handset sold seperatley
panasonic kx-tg6052b 5.8 ghz fhss expandable digital cordless phone system with 2 handsets . 5.8 ghz ; w 2 handsets & itad the phone that talks when a call comes in , this phone does n't just let you see who 's calling , it actually tells you who 's calling with talking caller id1,2 . using text-to-speech technology , the caller 's name is announced between rings if name number caller id1 information is available . can you repeat that ? with slowtalk message playback , you 'll never miss important information again . you can slow down the playback speed of recorded messages by 30 percent at the touch of a button . and with this system 's all-digital answering system , those messages will already be crystal clear and easy to retrieve , with up to 18 minutes of recording time . voices come through loud and clear by simulating a band signal above and below the normal bandwidth limitations , voice enhancer technology helps clarify and improve sound reception creating a natural-sounding voice that is easy to hear and understand . turn the ringer off do n't miss important calls when the ringer is off . the light-up indicator at the base of the antenna will flash quickly to show that you have an incoming call , and it will flash slowly to let you know you have a new message . you can also choose up to three different light-up indicator colors to link to your pre-programmed phonebook data . light-up id1,3requires corresponding caller id information to be received from an incoming call . or keep the ringer on with ringer id1 , you can choose from a downloaded or selectable ringer to link to your pre-programmed phonebook data , which also requires corresponding caller id information to be received from an incoming call . let the kids join the conversation with a digital duplex speakerphone on the back of each handset , you can enjoy convenient , high-quality , hands-free conversations from any room in the house . so let the kids join in on the conversation with grandma and grandpa , or paint your nails while you chat with your best friend . 1. requires subscription to name-and-number caller id , call waiting and or voice mail services offered by certain local telephone companies for a fee . 2.name pronunciation may vary . name pronunciation quality is based on names most commonly used in the united states . 3. requires name registration in phonebook function . note : ni-mh batteries have an advantage over ni-cd batteries in that they have high resistance to memory effect and are cadmium-free . what 's in the box two handsets included ( on base and one charger ) , ac adaptor for base unit , telephone line cord , wall mounting adaptor , two batteries , two handset covers , charger , ac adaptor for charger
hp g4010 scanjet photo scanner . hp g4010 scanjet flatbed photo scanner . the hp scanjet g4010 photo scanner contains technology exclusive to hp six color , 96 bit scanning at 4800x9600dpi . the scanner produces incredibly color accurate , faithful and detailed images that make impressive reprints for those who wish to scan photos , slides , negatives and documents to an almost professional standard . the scanner is perfect for the restoration of old photos due to built in hardware based dust and scratch removal . faded color can easily be heightened , dust and scratches removed and dark areas lightened using hp real life technologies . the high-performance hp g4010 scanjet photo scanner is the world 's first 6-color , 96-bit scanner which means that it produces exceptional true-to-life results with colors that are 40-percent more accurate than other scanners . scan images at an incredible 4800 x 9600 dpi resolution , and do it fast . the g4010 is capable of scanning a full-color 4 x 6 inch photo in as little as 11 seconds . the 8.5 x 12.3 inch scanning bed allows for a variety of media types to be scanned , including paper , 35mm slides and negatives , iron-on transfers , and even 3d objects . this energy star qualified scanner makes it easy to copy , scan , scan film , or scan to pdf with its dedicated front-panel buttons . it will also save images in a wide variety of formats , including bmp , jpeg , gif , tiff , and many more . compatible with windows and macintosh , the hp scanjet g4010 photo scanner measures 11.93 x 20 x 3.86 inches ( wxdxh ) and weighs 9.6 pounds . it 's backed by a 90-day limited hardware warranty . what 's in the box hp scanjet g4010 photo scanner , usb cable , power supply adapter power cord ( s ) , cds ( include software and user 's guide ) , vista errata , setup and support guide , i.r.i.s . registration flyer .
hp l1957a # b1h scanjet g4050 photo scanner . hp scanjet g4050 flatbed photo scanner . the hp scanjet g4050 photo scanner provides breakthrough innovation with 6 colour 96 bit scanning for photos , slides and negatives which gives outstanding colour accuracy in scanning and reproduction , plus a transparent materials adapter that can hold up to sixteen 35mm slides or 30 negative frames for scanning of multiple images . the hp scanjet g4050 features hp real life technologies for professional hardware dust and scratch removal , faded colour restoration and automatic red eye removal , allowing users to easily restore valuable memories . four one touch task buttons , along with included hp photosmart software and hp photosmart share , make it easy to restore , enhance and share photos . designed to quickly and easily preserve precious memories , hp 's scanjet g4050 photo scanner lets you scan slides , negatives , and photos with superior color accuracy . capture realistic color with high-definition photo and film scanning through hp 's exclusive 96-bit scanning . enjoy high-definition scans with 4,800 x 9,600 dpi resolution and preserve crisp text in scanned documents . the device comes with built-in dust and scratch removal tools , and you can edit text from scanned documents and magazines . scan up to 16 35mm slides or 30 negative frames at once and bring old or damaged photos back to life by restoring faded colors . superior color accuracy , high-definition scans with 4800 x 9600 dpi , and speedy previews ( as fast as 8.5 seconds ) are easily achieved with the g4050 . compatible with microsoft windows 2000 ; windows xp home ; windows xp professional ; xp professional x64 ; microsoft windows xp media center ; mac os x v 10.3.9 ; mac os x v 10.4 or higher , the scanner is backed by a 1-year manufacturer 's limited warranty . weighing in at just over 11.5 pounds , the scanner measures 20 x 11.93 x 4.25 inches . what 's in the box ? hp scanjet g4050 photo scanner , template kit , usb cable , power supply adapter power cords , software and user 's guide cds , setup and support guide , and i.r.i.s . registration flyer
netgear dual mode cordless phone with skype ( sph200d ) . netgear  s dual-mode cordless phone with skype ( sph200d ) combines your cordless phone and skype calls , all in one . just connect the base station to your phone line and router and start making calls -- -no pc required . simply plug the dual-mode cordless phone base station into your internet router ( ethernet port ) to enjoy making skype calls . additionally , you can plug the base station into your phone line ( pstn ) wall jack to make land line calls -- -from the same cordless phone . up to 3 additional phones can be added -- -so you can replace your current cordless phones throughout your home with netgear  s dual-mode cordless phone with skype . the sph200d delivers crystal clear voice quality and longer range with dect technology -- digital enhanced cordless telecommunications
hp officejet pro l7580 color all-in-one printer fax scanner copier ( c8187a # aba ) . hp officejet pro l7580 color all in one printer fax scanner copier . it is the worlds fastest desktop aio for business color with up to 25 percent lower cost per page . it produces laser quality prints faster than most color laser all in ones up to 12 ppm black 10 ppm color . it contains a breakthrough inkjet draft mode with speeds up to 35 ppm black and up to 34 ppm color . the built in wired networking allows user to share powerful all in one capabilities . features outstanding scanning with up to 2400 dpi ccd optical scanning for documents , photos , projects and more . scan and store documents and photos directly to memory cards or usb storage devices . quickly and conveniently copy , scan , and fax multiple page documents using 50 sheet auto document feeder . never miss a fax even without power , faxes store in memory when device is on or off . enjoy efficient high volume printing with optional 350 sheet paper tray for a total of 600 sheets . archived documents retain laser quality black text and lab quality photos for decades without fading . easily preview , select and print photos from memory cards using hp photo proof sheet . print borderless documents and photos up to 8.5 x 24 inch panorama size . you can also print directly from devices using memory cards , pictbridge , hi speed usb and bluetooth . world 's fastest desktop all-in-one for business color at up to 25 percent lower cost per page1 the hp officejet pro l7580 all-in-one printer significantly drives down the cost of color printing , making it easy and affordable for businesses to produce brilliant and durable , professional-quality marketing materials in-house . ideally suited for small businesses , the officejet pro l7580 can increase productivity and save precious space by printing , copying , scanning , and faxing in a single , convenient device that stylishly sits on a desktop . fax , scan , and copy up to 50-page documents easily , using the integrated automatic document feeder ( adf ) . check out some of the officejet l7000 series main features . view larger . a sleek , and productive , addition to any office . produce business documents that impress for up to 25 percent lower cost per page than laser aiosas low as 1.5 cents per page.1 built on hp 's scalable printing technology , the officejet l7580 offers faster speeds , lower costs , and higher quality and reliability . leveraging hp 's high-capacity , low cost-per-page print vivera ink cartridges -- which are uniquely optimized for plain paper office printing -- the hp officejet l7580 provides laser-quality text and consistent , brilliant images for brochures and marketing collateral . for even better results , and highly smear-resistant prints , use hp everyday papers with colorlok technology . print at breakthrough speeds produce professional-quality documents and bring color speeds and proven hp performance into your home or small office . print at up to 35 pages per minute ( ppm ) black-and-white and up to 34 ppm color . or , conveniently and efficiently create high-impact documents with laser quality speeds of up to 10 ppm color and up to 12 ppm black-and-white text . the hp officejet pro l7580 all-in-one comes with a 250-page paper tray . professional quality , low cost.2 with the hp officejet pro l7580 all-in-one youll spend less for a professional business color printer . create color presentation materials , brochures , graphics , and color text for up to a 25 percent lower cost per page than laser all-in-ones -- as low as 6 cents per color page and 1.5 cents per black-and-white page . youll also save ink and money since hp vivera ink cartridges are designed for efficient ink usage . print up to 2,450 black-and-white pages or up to 1,700 color pages before replacing your hp high-capacity ink cartridges . reliable innovations because you need flexibility in your business improve productivity and convenience for everyone in the office by sharing your hp officejet pro l7580 all-in-one with multiple pcs thanks to flexible built-in wired networking . scan documents for reprinting and storage with up to 2400 dpi ccd optical resolution flatbed scanning . easily upgradeable if for some reason down the road , you realize that your business could benefit from additional features like a 50-page automatic document feeder ( adf ) or and additional 350-page paper tray -- dont sweat it . both of these items are available separately for an additional cost and a cinch to add to your hp officejet pro l7580 all-in-one.3,4 you can also cut the cord on your hp officejet pro l7580 all-in-one and go wireless with the hp bt450 bluetooth wireless printer adapter available for purchase separately at amazon.com.5 1. cost per page laser supplies comparisons based on published manufacturer specifications of the highest capacity cartridges available for color laser all-in-ones under $ 1,000 and mono laser all-in-ones under $ 500 as reported by current analysis , inc. as of july 2006. hp officejet pro l7000 series all-in-one estimates based on hp 88xl ink cartridges ( not included , sold separately ) estimated street price and published yield . for more information , go to www.hp.com go pageyield . actual results may vary . 2. referenced low running costs are available with hp 88xl large ink cartridges only . not included , purchase separately . 3. hp automatic two-sided printing accessory , included with l7680 and l7780 products . not included on l7580 product . please purchase separately . 4. the additional 350-sheet tray is included standard with the hp officejet pro l7780 aio . not included with the l7580 and l7680 models , please purchase separately . 5. wireless printing requires hp bt450 bluetooth wireless printer adapter not included , purchase separately . whats in the box officejet l7580 all-in-one printer , fax , scanner , copier , 2 printheads , hp 88 black ink cartridge ( 20.5 ml ) , hp 88 cyan ink cartridge ( 9 ml ) , hp 88 magenta ink cartridge ( 9 ml ) , hp 88 yellow ink cartridge ( 9 ml ) , power supply , power cord , phone cord , setup poster , getting started guide , cd-rom for windows and mac , user 's guide on cd-rom ( some options only )
white and red 1 x 2 inch freezer labels , set of 100 . great for freezer packages , storage containers , cannisters and bins . self adhesive , peel and apply . box of 100 1 '' x 2 '' freezer labels with red border
3m whiteboard eraser for whiteboards , 2-pack , white blue ( 581-wbe ) . whiteboard eraser pad removes dry-erase marks from whiteboards and cleans permanent marker stains on whiteboards . no sprays or cleaners needed . add water to erase most permanent marker , ghosting and residue amazing new 3m ( tm ) whiteboard eraser removes dry erase marker from whiteboards and , also , cleans permanent marker stains on whiteboards without sprays or cleaners -- just use water . 2 pads per pack .
business address stamp with extra line for phone number or e-mail address , also good for check endorsements . business address stamp with extra line for phone number or e-mail address , also good for check endorsements : a quality plastic self-inking stamp . popular in homes and home offices throughout the world .
fellowes 5216701 pulsar electric comb binding system , 300 sheets , 17 x 15 3 8 x 5 1 8 , white . designed for moderate use in small to mid-sized offices , the fellowes pulsar e comb binding machine features effortless electric operation . the pulsar e punches up to 15 sheets at the touch of a button and binds up to 300 sheets with a 1.5 inches comb in a continuous manner . vertical document loading ensures accurate punch alignment . features built-in comb storage tray with document measurement device for added convenience and quick set-up . adjustable edge guide centers documents with ease . includes binding starter pack .
fellowes pulsar 300 comb binding machine ( 5216601 ) . the full-featured , medium duty fellowes pulsar comb binding machine is ideal for general office use . compact machine manually punches up to 15 sheets at a time and binds up to 300 sheets with a 1-1 2 inches comb . vertical document loading ensures accurate punch alignment . efficient design allows user to punch and bind in a continuous manner . features built-in comb storage tray with document measurement device for added convenience and quick set-up . adjustable edge guide centers documents with ease . includes binding starter pack ( contents : 10 pk assorted kit ) . add a sleek , professional finish to presentations , reference documents , proposals , and more with the fellowes pulsar small office comb binder . featuring an easy-to-use , streamlined design , the comb binder allows users to punch and bind in a continuous manner , increasing productivity . the pulsar lets you punch up to 15 pages at a time . it features vertical document loading for accurate punch alignment , and a rotary edge guide to accurately center documents , ensuring all of your small office binding needs are met by one machine . pulsarsmall office comb binderat a glance : designed for daily use in small offices efficient , user-friendly design maximizes productivity punch up to 15 sheets at a time built-in , mistake-proof tool helps you select the right comb size for your documents align and center documents with ease backed by a limited , two-year warranty compact comb binder is ideal for frequent use in small offices . view larger . allows user to punch and bind continuously for maximum productivity . view larger . efficient design maximizes productivitythe fellowes pulsar features a compact , efficient design that allows users to punch and bind in a continuous manner for maximum productivity . the model punches up to 15 pages at a time , and it can bind up to 300 pages with a 1-1 2-inch comb . vertical document loading for easy alignmentusing vertical document loading , the pulsar is designed to accurately align the punches of every document you bind . a rotary edge guide allows documents to be centered with ease and precision . features a storage tray with comb document measurement device . view larger . comb document measurement devicea built-in , mistake-proof measuring tool helps you select the right comb size for your document . additionally , you can keep your supplies neatly stored and organized inside the pulsar with the internal storage tray . a binding starter kit is included for 10 documents . the fellowes pulsar small office comb binder is backed by a limited , two-year warranty . what 's in the boxpulsar comb binder and instructions . consider all the uses business office uses : presentations reference documents training tools marketing and sales material client proposals annual reports financial reports menus brochures direct mail pieces school uses : text books study guides worksheets reports art projects presentations final exams calendars recreational uses : maps sports rosters and schedules travel literature training booklets practice tips recipe cards photographs certificates scrapbooking choose the fellowes comb binding machine that 's right for you model : large office small office personal galaxy e galaxy quasar e quasar pulsar e pulsar star starlet usage : frequent frequent frequent frequent moderate moderate occasional occasional punching capacity : 25 25 20 20 15 15 10 7 binding capacity : 500 sheets 500 sheets 500 sheets 500 sheets 300 sheets 300 sheets 150 sheets 90 sheets vertical punching : yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes releasable dies : yes - 3 yes - 3 no no no no no no punching : electric manual electric manual electric manual manual manual binding element selector : yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes dimensions ( h x w x d ) : 6.5 x 19.62 x 17.75 6.5 x 20.87 x 17.75 5.12 x 16.87 x 15.37 5.12 x 18.12 x 15.37 5.12 x 16.93 x 15.37 5.12 x 18.12 x 15.37 3.12 x 17.68 x 9.81 3.12 x 17.68 x 9.81 binding accessories 3 8 '' black plastic binding combs100packuse with fellowes or any standard 19-ring comb binding system . for 41-55 sheets . 1 2 '' black plastic binding combs100packuse with fellowes or any standard 19-ring comb binding system . for 56-90 sheets . crystals clear binding coversletter size , 100packhigh-quality covers give a professional look and feel to any document crystals clear binding coversoversize , 100packhigh-quality covers give a professional look and feel to any document grain black binding coversletter size , 25packhigh-quality covers give a professional look and feel to any document
post-it flags value pack , assorted colors , sticks securely for long-lasting use.47 in . wide , 35 dispenser , 8 dispensers pack plus 48 arrow flags , ( 683-vad1 ) . use these flags to mark important points in a textbook or document . flags stick securely and remove cleanly . this value pack includes a bonus of .47 in . post-it arrow flags .
vaultz vz01008 locking file chest , letter legal , 17 1 2 x 14 x 12 1 2 , black . this sturdy , locking file chest has built-in metal rails to accommodate either legal or letter-size hanging file folders , providing a safe and attractive place to store files . hipaa compliant . double combination locks keep documents and valuables secure . chrome label holder on the front for identification , and rubber feet to prevent skidding and surface scuffing . handles on the sides make carrying easy , and the large flat top is great for stacking . excellent for general storage as well . interior dimensions are 11.375 x 15.25 x 12.25 inches ideastream hanging folder locking chest - combination lock bolt ( s ) - 12.5 '' x 17.5 '' x 14 '' - black
xyron ezlaminator laminating machine , gray ( 145611 ) . sdfsdfds say goodbye to heat and electricity with cold lamination.click here for a larger image the xyron ezlaminator safer for you . safer for the environment . the xyron ezlaminator is perfect for the classroom , office or home . it allows you to quickly and easily laminate items such as photos , id cards , small maps and certificates without heat or electricity . the ezlaminator comes equipped with 15 feet of cold seal laminate . with the ezlaminator , you can also apply laminate on top and adhesive on the bottom of your items ( cartridge sold separately ) . since it does n't require electricity , burns are eliminated and time is not wasted waiting for the lamination to heat up . the xyron ezlaminator accepts items up to 8 7 8 inches wide by any length , so it 's perfect for important documents , small signage and scrapbooking . the laminate wo n't peel or separate when trimmed . and unlike spray adhesive , the xyron ezlaminator does n't leave messes or harmful fumes in the air . both laminate and adhesive are acid-free and non-toxic . no smell , no mess , no waiting . 1. insert place item on the feed tray . 2. turn guide the item while slowly turning the handle until your item comes through the back of the machine . 3. trim press down on the cut blade and slide it to the left or right to cut . the xyron ezlaminator 's patented drop-in system allows you to quickly replace used cartridges and easily switch back and forth from laminate to adhesive . all xyron product supplies are acid-free and non-toxic . laminate ( 145612 ) : high-gloss film suitable for use on a variety of substrates . it has superior adhesion to create a bubble free laminate on both sides . since xyron 's lamination does not require heat or electricity , you can save money and time . the lamination is compatible with most media and is safe to use on photos , posters , maps , thermal-sensitive prints , signs and banners . combination-laminate adhesive ( 48445 ) : laminate on the top surface and repositionable adhesive on the bottom surface . protecting your project from the elements with laminate on one side , while giving you the flexibility to mount and reposition that project the way you want it . perfect for signage , wall decorations and tradeshow graphics .
epson stylus photo 1400 wide-format color inkjet printer ( c11c655001 ) . imagination meets innovation . the epson stylus photo 1400 takes photo printing to the next level , delivering brilliant , ultra hd prints up to 13 '' x 19 '' for extraordinary large-size prints , photos , displays and more . sp1400 imagethis high-performance , wide-format photo printer also features cd dvd printing , so you can quickly design and print professional-looking cds dvds for your digital portfolio . with the epson 1400 , you get advanced color and lighting correction , so your photos are sure to impress . and , for added convenience , this powerful printer includes adobe photoshop elements ( a $ 70 value ) 1. best of all , with smudge , scratch , water and fade resistant photos , your work is always ready to showcase . in fact , with claria hi-definition ink , prints last up to 4x longer than photo lab quality prints2 . and its fast too . you get beautiful , borderless 13 '' x 19 '' photos in as fast as 3 minutes . its never been easier to achieve vivid , large-size prints and sharp , everyday projects . imagination meets innovation .  the epson stylus photo 1400 takes photo printing to the next level , delivering brilliant , ultra hd prints up to 13 '' x 19 '' for extraordinary large-size prints , photos , displays and more . this high-performance , wide-format photo printer also features cd dvd printing , so you can quickly design and print professional-looking cds dvds for your digital portfolio . with the epson 1400 , you get advanced color and lighting correction , so your photos are sure to impress . and , for added convenience , this powerful printer includes adobe photoshop elements ( a $ 70 value ) 1. best of all , with smudge , scratch , water and fade resistant photos , your work is always ready to showcase . in fact , with claria hi-definition ink , prints last up to 4x longer than photo lab quality prints2 . and it  s fast too . you get beautiful , borderless 13 '' x 19 '' photos in as fast as 3 minutes . it  s never been easier to achieve vivid , large-size prints and sharp , everyday projects . realize your creativity with the epson stylus photo 1400. borderless prints in more sizes it  s never been easier to print and showcase your work exactly how you want it . the epson stylus photo 1400 offers amazing paper handling capabilities , accommodating a whole host of borderless sizes including 4 '' x 6 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 8 '' x 10 '' , 8.5 '' x 11 '' , 11 '' x 14 '' , 11 '' x 17 '' and 13 '' x 19 '' . and , for scrapbooking projects , 12 '' x 12 '' is also available . the 1400 makes it easy to get brilliant photographic enlargements from 6-megapixel or higher digital cameras . and , for everyday print needs it even offers two-sided printing3 , so you can save on paper . the epson stylus photo 1400 delivers vibrant color photos and crisp , clear text , so you can proudly showcase all your creative inspirations . working in tandem with 6-color claria hi-definition ink , the  smart nozzles '' in epson  s exclusive dx5 micropiezo print head deliver up to five droplet sizes , some as small as 1.5 picoliters . as a result , you get exceptionally smooth gradations , amazingly accurate skin tones and sharp , grain-free photos . best of all , this powerful printer offers blazing fast speeds for your next big idea , delivering a brilliant 13 '' x 19 '' print in as fast as 3 minutes . make a lasting impression . use direct cd dvd printing to customize your digital portfolio . now , there  s no need to use messy labels or markers in order to personalize cds and dvds . with this innovative feature from epson , you can make your work look its best with professional looking discs that are easy to identify . print your images and text right onto ink jet printable cds dvds . ( software included ) with the epson stylus photo 1400 , the possibilities are endless . use the included software , adobe photoshop elements ( a $ 70 value ) 1 , to create photographic enlargements , brochures , posters , scrapbook pages and other projects . epson also offers a variety of paper finishes to help you customize your work and achieve the greatest impact . the epson stylus photo 1400 supports matte , luster , high-gloss paper and more . display and handle your work , worry-free with the epson stylus photo 1400 , you get professional quality photos that are smudge , scratch , water and fade resistant , so you can feel confident in displaying your creative inspirations and in handling your work right after printing . photos last up to 98 years on display under glass and over 200 years in an album . photos from the leading competitor last only 65 years on display under glass . six-color claria hi-definition ink , together with epson premium photo papers , offers the ultimate combination of photo quality and longevity . prints made with claria ink last up to 4x longer than those from a traditional photo lab.2 now , you don  t have to discard poorly exposed photos . with built-in auto photo correction , the epson stylus photo 1400 automatically evaluates and corrects the color and lighting in digital images  better than the competition . it even includes advanced face detection , which distinguishes people from scenery , correcting the color accordingly to ensure beautiful , natural skin tones . the epson stylus photo 1400 even offers icc color matching profiles for high quality photos . it  s like having your own photo lab right at home , so whatever you choose to showcase , it  s sure to make an impact . six individual ink cartridges give you control over ink usage . replace only the cartridge that you need ! and , with claria ink , only one set of cartridges is necessary to print top quality photos or documents . there is no need to spend additional money on specialized cartridges to get great results on both plain and photo paper . advanced micropiezo print head technology , exclusively from epson , ensures sharp , accurate ink placement , while optimizing print speeds . with  smart  nozzles , this powerful technology delivers droplets in as many as 5 sizes , some as small as 1.5 picoliters . so , you get remarkable precision , sharper detail , smoother gradations and outstanding image quality  every print , every time . with a legacy of developing innovative photo imaging technology , it  s no wonder epson is the overwhelming brand of choice among professional photographers . epson stylus photo series products offer quality without compromise , whether you  re printing photos for display or everyday documents at home .
first alert 3026f steel cash box with money tray . this box is constructed of durable powder coated steel and includes a security lock with 2 entry keys . when you need to conduct business transactions off-premises , a travel safe for cash is essential . the slim-line case is heavy-gauge steel with center key access . inside , compartments for bills are below while a lift-out change and accessory tray provides concealment . built-in money clip slots on top which securely hold cash . lock system with 2 entry keys . heavy-duty locking steel cash box is perfect for storing and organizing your cash and change . 90 day limited warranty . the first alert 3026f heavy-duty locking steel cash box is perfect for storing and organizing your cash and change . the removable 7 compartment tray allows you to store change in the tray and hide larger bills underneath . it is equipped with 4 spring clips to hold bills to the lid . for safety the box includes a security lock with 2 entry keys and features a durable powder coat finish .
ge corded trimline telephone ge29257ge1 white . slimline w 10 # memory - ge slimline phone- 10 # memory- handset volume control- redial flash - hearing aid compatible- wall mountable- fcc registered- box dimensions : 9 '' l x 4 '' w x 3 '' d- 1 year limited manufacturer 's warranty- whitege29257ge1
cortelco 255415-vba-20m single line white wall telephone . when it comes to basics , cortelco has your number . model 2554 has delivered performance , value and reliability for many years . communications could n't be simpler or more dependable .
panasonic wi-fi phone for skype . wi-fi phone for skype executive travel kit . silver
panasonic kx-tga300b 2.4 ghz expandable digital cordless handset with hearing aid compatibility . add additional handsets ( each handset sold separately ) to your panasonic expandable phone system . you can put one in the den , the kitchen , the master bedroom and the living room -- all while using only one base and one phone jack -- so you wo n't have to make a run for it when the phone rings . this handset is an accessory handset for use with panasonic base units kx-tg302 , kx-tg3031 , kx-tg3032 , kx-tg3033 .
red embossed heart writing journal - lined pages .
marks-a-lot jumbo chisel tip washable marker , black ( 24158 ) . show off your flair in bold strokes with the marks-a-lot jumbo chisel tip washable marker . its unique formula is designed to wash easily off of hands and most fabrics , so you can wield it without fear . the ink wo n't bleed through paper , allowing you to use the marker on posters , flip charts and more without getting ink on the next page or the pristine surface underneath . the marker 's extra-large barrel houses a generous ink supply designed to last a long time , even with frequent use . the ink features a low-odor , nontoxic and certified formula . it all adds up to a marker that makes life a lot easier .
tops 22995 1099-misc tax forms , 5-part carbonless , 5 1 2 x 8 , 24 1099s & 1 1096 . 1099 miscellaneous forms meet irs specifications and are designed for use in dot matrix printers . this five part continuous 1099 misc form is used to report rents , royalties , prizes and awards , fees , commissions paid to nonemployees , receipts of medical and health care payments , and substitute payments in lieu of dividends or interest . form measures 8 '' x 5 1 2 '' detached and is printed on 20 lb . paper . 1099 miscellaneous forms meet irs specifications and are designed for use in dot matrix printers . this five-part continuous 1099 misc form is used to report rents , royalties , prizes and awards , fees , commissions paid to nonemployees , receipts of medical and health care payments , and substitute payments in lieu of dividends or interest . form measures 8 '' x 5-1 2 '' detached and is printed on 20 lb . paper .
pacon 4 ply white rrbd , 25 sheets per carton . 4 ply rrbd , white , 25 sheets to a carton
alliance rubber can bands 7-inchx.12-inch 50 bands black 07810 . alliance rubber 's can bandz are large elastic bands for oversized jobs . these heavy duty rubber bands are a great tool to keep around the home , office or school to help you organize , bundle and store a wide range of products , items , and boxes . they are reusable and stretch easily for a variety of uses . ideal for keeping trash liners in place , these garbage bag bands fit cans from 13 qt . to 32 gal. , so they 're great for both home and commercial use . keep these large rubber bands in your kitchen and you 'll never run out of uses for them . freezer and microwave safe , they 're great for securing food lids for storage or for keeping food fresh . use these oversized rubber bands in the workplace to bundle paperwork , keep files together or as a shipping tool . use them around the house to keep board games together , bundle cables and cords , or even to bundle holiday decor and camping equipment .
duck brand stretch wrap with handle , 20 inch x 1000 feet , clear , single roll . when your belongings are on the move , secure items together so things stay put , dont get lost and stay protected . duck brand shrink wrap is perfect for moving , storage or shipping and it sticks to itself without leaving any messy residue when its time to unpack . great for wrapping remote controls to tvs ; securing cabinet doors and dresser drawers closed ; keeping hardware attached to bed frames ; protecting plush furniture from dust or stains ; and shielding surfaces or furniture legs from scratches , scuffs and damage . just stretch , wrap and relaxyour belongings are sure to arrive right where you left them , no stress . the duck brand offers quality , care and extraordinary value to consumers looking for friendly and convenient solutions to everyday problems . we are known for delivering excellent quality products at an everyday value . duck brand stretch wrap is meant for temporary bundling and securing . it sticks only to itself , and can be used to wrap and protect items used indoors . it is an easy to use , economical solution . from wrapping , packing , shipping , labeling and bundling , duck brand offers a full line of packaging and mailing supplies and accessories for your packing , mailing or moving needs . got a project ? get the duck to do it .
graphite laptop table . this handsome laptop desk is a convenient space saver.ideal for college dorms . this table is fully adjustable . the two piece table top moves up and down as well as side to side and at different angles ensuring you the perfect desk set up . each of the table panels include safety edges to keep the computer from sliding off . this laptop computer desk is made of mdf with a choice of wood grain , mahogany wood grain , or graphite finish on a silver powder coated steel frame that will last for years to come . there are 4 casters for easy mobility and stability . adjustable from 30 '' high up to 45 '' high . great for college students . the height of the rolling base is 4.5 '' comes with a manufacturer 's limited five year warranty .
hewlett packard cb336wn # 140 hp 74xl ink cartridge , black . original hp 74 ink cartridge ( cb336wn ) works with : hp deskjet d4260 . hp officejet j5788 , j6480 . hp photosmart c4342 , c4344 , c4382 , c4384 , c4435 , c4440 , c4524 , c4540 , c4550 , c5540 , c5550.get 3 times more prints with high-capacity hp ink cartridges . archive documents that maintain text and color quality for decades without fading . documents stand the test of time . archive important papers - this sharp black text resists fading < ! -- .headerm { color : # 000000 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:24px ; font-weight : bold ; margin:0 ; padding:0 0 10px ; top : 30px ; text-transform : uppercase ; text-align : left ; } .aplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .subheader { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:14px ; font-weight : bold ; text-align : left ; text-transform : uppercase ; } .acontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } .acontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .style3 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif } .sup-text { font-size : 11px ; } hr.dashed { border-top:1px dashed # 999999 ; color : # ffffff ; height:1px ; margin:3px 0 ; clear : left ; } ul { padding-left:1.1em ; margin-left : 0px ; list-style-position : outside ; *remove indents from list* } li { margin : .6em 0 ; * space btwn lists * } .legal { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:9px ; font-weight : normal ; text-align : left ; line-height:12px ; } -- > hp 74xl black inkjet print cartridge ideal for : high-volume printing : get three times more pages than standard ink text and graphics in crisp , bold blacks fade-resistant1 documents that you can archive yield2 : 750 pages stock up on hp 74 75 inks : # 1 brand in ink is also the # 1 value print more . reprint less . original hp ink is proven to be more reliable print up to 65 % more pages than bargain inks3 more than 33 % of tested refilled ink cartridges failed during use or right out of the box3 the tested original hp print cartridges worked every timewithout failing3 buy more , save more hp high-capacity xl print cartridges print two to three times more pages than standard hp print cartridges replace print cartridges less often to avoid wasting plastic and packaging materials hp multi-packs save up to 10 % , on average , over the cost of buying print cartridges separately get two or more cartridges per pack so you always have the ink you need on-hand hp value packs save time and money with ink and paper in one convenient pack print affordable , lab-quality photos in the comfort of your own home create professional-quality marketing materials in your own office recycling made easy designed with the environment in mind free print cartridge recycling with the hp planet partners recycling program recycled plastic from used hp print cartridges and water bottles have made more than 400 million new original hp inkjet print cartridges stock up on hp 74 75 inks : 1 based on paper industry predictions for acid-free papers and original hp inks ; colorant stability data at room temperature based on similar systems tested as per iso 11798 and iso 18909 . 2 average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies . 3 a qualitylogic 2009 study compared original hp inkjet print cartridges ( 92a , 93a , 98a , 95a , 21a and 22a ) with refilled ink cartridges sold in north america . for details , see www.qualitylogic.com 2009hpinktest.pdf .
royal 500dx cash register . distinctive housing with many full sized cash register features.view larger royal 500dx cash register with over 100 years of experience manufacturing office equipment , royal has played a major role in the evolution of the cash register . the 500dx is a full-featured , cash-management system that offers great value per feature . the user-friendly prompts enable you to easily program this 16 department , 8 clerk unit with 999 price look-ups ( plus ) . the 500dx has a large lcd display , which makes it easy for the operator to see the numbers being entered . it 's the details that make the 500dx a great value . the 500dx packs as many features as full-sized cash registers into a smaller footprint that makes it the perfect portable cash register . the large lcd display helps the cashier to easily view all transactions , and the full-sized locking cash drawer with four slots for bills and a removable four-slot coin tray enables you to store larger bills , checks or gift certificates in a safe place , without cluttering your money drawer . form and function is the theme of the 500dx . the ergonomic keyboard layout makes the 500dx easy to program and use , while the smaller footprint allows you to move the 500dx to virtually any location . the 500dx four aa batteries provide full back-up protection for program settings and transaction records during power outages , and the 500dx also includes an ac adapter for standard electrical connections .
canon pixma ip1800 photo inkjet printer ( 1855b002 ) . canon pixma ip1800 inkjet printer ( 1855b022aa ) stunning photo quality . brilliant design amazing results , compact design and exceptional ease of use-the canon pixma ip1800 photo printer delivers all this and more . its patented print head technology lets you produce beautiful , long-lasting photos with borderless edges , from credit-card size up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' . plus , your letters and reports will feature bold , laser-quality text . this is one high-value photo printer that does n't compromise on looks or performance . high resolution : precision ink nozzles create high resolution photosup to 4800 x 1200 color dpi . fine detail : microscopic 2-picoliter sized color ink droplets produce finely detailed and sharp photos . long-lasting photos : using select genuine canon inks and photo papers , you can create beautiful photos that last up to 100 years . enhance your digital photos : easy-photoprint software makes it simple to enhance and print amazing-looking digital photos through your computer . fun projects the easy way : easy-layoutprint software makes it simple to create and customize fun photo projects such as photo albums , photo stickers , greeting cards and calendars . real-life photos : canon print head technology helps to create real-life photos you 'll be proud to share . what 's in the box canon pixma ip1800 photo printer , fine cartridges : pg-30 black and cl-31 color , power cord , easy setup instructions , document kit : setup software and user 's guide cd-rom , quick start guide
canon pixma ip90v photo inkjet printer ( 2238b002 ) . rugged , powerful and portable ( only 4lbs ) , this compact printer delivers exceptional performance on the go . you can print wirelessly from pcs and camera phones via the irda interface or our optional bluetooth adapter or , print photos direct from a pictbridge-enabled digital camera or dv camcorder -- no pc required ! for maximum portability , an optional canon car adapter and rechargeable battery kit provide power anywhere , anytime . you 'll produce superb graphics and photos , and documents will feature bold , crisp text . rugged , powerful , and portable , the canon pixma ip90v is a compact photo printer that delivers exceptional performance and a multitude of time-saving options on the go . with the ip90v , you can print wirelessly from pcs and camera phones via the irda interface or by using the optional bluetooth adapter . you can even print photos directly from a pictbridge-enabled digital camera or dv camcorder -- no pc required . for maximum portability , an optional canon car adapter and rechargeable battery kit provide power anywhere , anytime . wherever you 're printing from , the ip90v produces superb graphics and photos that catch the eye , and documents that feature bold , crisp text . this versatile printer uses canon 's fine print head technology for impressive speed and photo-lab-quality results . in addition , precision ink nozzles create high-resolution photos of up to 4800 x 1200 dots per inch ( dpi ) , while microscopic two-picoliter-sized color ink droplets deliver sharp , finely detailed photos . and if you 're not thrilled with the results of your printed image , the ip90v includes easy-photoprint software that makes it simple to enhance and print all your images so they result in truly memorable prints . when it comes to printing text , the ip90v is equally impressive . it easily handles a wide variety of paper sizes , including credit card ( great for printing business cards ) , 4 by 6 , 5 by 7 , letter , legal , and envelopes . this printer also comes with a 1-year limited warranty . what 's in the box cd-rom including printer driver , setup software and user 's guide , electronic photo application guide , electronic user 's guide , e-registration , easy-photoprint ( windows mac ) , photorecord 7 ( windows ) , easy-webprint ( windows only , requires microsoft internet explorer version 5.5 , version 6.0 recommended . not compatible with ie version 7.0 . ) , and a 1-year limited warranty .
mead 5 '' x 3 '' memo book , 6-ring with narrow ruled paper , assorted colors ( 46000 ) . memo book,6-ring , w narrow ruled paper,5 in.x3 in. , assorted memo book,6-ring , w narrow ruled paper,5 in.x3 in. , assorted
winsome wood 99323 studio home office , honey . these days , home offices are often as busy as their corporate counterparts -- and they need to be equally efficient and organized . winsome wood offers a line of modular furniture to supply just that while also presenting a clean , inviting style that blends well with domestic dcors . this solid composite wood printer stand increases workspace and storage with a roomy top , deep drawer , and open bottom shelf . the honey finish is warm and casual , and the slender legs keep the overall look light and airy . add the writing desk , computer desk , file cabinet , corner desk , and bookshelf to customize any space . this desk measures 23 inches wide by 20 inches deep by 29 inches high . assembly is required . these days , home offices are often as busy as their corporate counterparts -- and they need to be equally efficient and organized . winsome wood offers a line of modular furniture to supply just that while also presenting a clean , inviting style that blends well with domestic dcors . this solid beechwood printer stand increases workspace and storage with a roomy top , deep drawer , and open bottom shelf . the honey finish is warm and casual , and the slender legs keep the overall look light and airy . add the writing desk , computer desk , file cabinet , corner desk , and bookshelf to customize any space . this desk measures 23 inches wide by 20 inches deep by 29 inches high . assembly is required . -- kara karll
canon 1900b002 cl-31 color ink cartridge . color ink cartridge
fiskars 12 inch portable rotary paper trimmer ( 199080 ) . fiskars scrapbooking rotary paper trimmer for clean , crisp cuts you can only get with a rotary blade . a top-quality 28 mm rotary blade makes straight , quick cuts through multiple sheets of paper without tearing or fanning so your scrapbook pages look perfect . this trimmer can handle any size scrapbook page with precision a self-leveling swing-out arm extends the measuring deck to a full 12 1 2 inch . a permanent scale and grid cutting mat helps ensure cutting accuracy . best of all , a slim , lightweight design makes it easy to take this trimmer wherever your passion for scrapbooking takes you .
heavy duty ( 100 % solid metal front & back ) retractable reel key-id-badge-belt clip & chain pull sold individually . it can be used with keys , reels , id 's , badges , access control cards , whistles , eyeglass holders , lanyards or a variety of other items . please see our other key-id-badge accessories listings under collectors dice .
blue embossed dragonfly faux leather journal - lined .
cortelco single line wall telephone ( itt-2554-v-iv ) . when it comes to basics , cortelco has your number . model 2554 has delivered performance , value and reliability for many years . communications could n't be simpler or more dependable . the product color is not white .
royal ts4240 lcd touch screen restaurant and retail cash register with thermal receipt printer . this item has a 9 '' backlit touch-panel lcd control screen with user prompts for easy operations printer - external , single station thermal printer allows both alpha and numeric characters to print on receipts and reports . this uses 2 1 4 '' ( 57mm ) paper . ts4240 offers an optional second printer for the kitchen or bar . happy hour : one of three price levels for each plu can be assigned to be valid during a specified time , such as happy hour , each day for a discounted price to be in effect table tracking : allows floating guest check and table transfer . direct plu entry : up to 240 plu 's over 5 screens . electronic journal has 200 departments 40 clerk id3000 price look ups ( plu ) . age verification : on screen prompts warn the clerk to check customer 's id and verify their age . multiple price levels : for each plu allows discounted prices or different prices during different times , such as happy hour , lunch menu , dinner menu , etc . serial connection : 2 serial ports to connect bar code reader and your pc . register link software includes a filter that downloads your end of day report totals directly to your quickbooks pro accounting programs . also allows you to program your register from your pc . automatic tax computation : program up to 4 tax rates ( add-on , vat and canadian tax ) ps700 scanner optional
hp photosmart c4280 all-in-one printer scanner copier ( cc210a # aba ) . hp c4280 photosmart all in one printer . enjoy the value of printing , scanning and copying your photos with one versatile , compact machine . make quick , beautiful reprints from original photos , using a one touch copy button . copy in color or black and white , enlarge and zoom all without a pc via easy one touch buttons . get more affordable printing and fewer cartridge changes with new high capacity inkjet cartridges . easily edit , print and share photos using included hp photosmart essential software . print photos in a snap without a pc , using a memory card . preview and print photos without a pc , using a 1.5 inch display . start hp photosmart essential to quickly share , save and print photos . start hp photosmart essential to quickly share , save and print photos . print what you see hp smart web printing ensures you get usable web pages without cutoff edges . optimize print and copy quality for various kinds of paper with the automatic paper type sensor . print true to life photos using hp vivera inks . expand your color range with optional 6 ink color . make memories last print true to life photos that resist fading for generations . bring new life to old photos , using hp scanning technology and included software . amazon.com product description the hp deskjet d4280 is a compact color inkjet printer , copier , and scanner that is capable of printing at speeds of up to 30 ppm in black & white and 23 ppm in color . this multifunction printer can also print borderless 8.5 x 11-inch photos that feature vivid color and 4800 x 1200 dpi resolution directly from supported memory cards . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } img.withlink { border:1px black solid ; } with the hp d4280 , you can print directly from a variety of supported memory cards , including compactflash , memory sticks ( duo ) , sd , mmc , and xd-picture cards . no need for the computer ; just plug-in a compatible memory card and use the colorful 1.5 inch lcd screen to help guide you through the printing process . color copy and scan with ease the d4280 features easy one-button copying in both black & white and full-color with ultra-high resolution capabilities of up to 600 dpi and 4800 x 12000 dpi respectively . it will make as many as 50 copies with the push of a button at speeds of up to 30 cpm in black & white and 23 cpm in color . reduce or enlarge originals from 25 % to 200 % for added versatility . get a full-color preview of your scan in about three seconds before you actually decide to scan any document . once you decide to scan , it will be quick ; in a matter of seconds , you 'll have full-color images up to 1200 dpi in dynamic 48-bit color . use the included software to enhance a scanned image or document to an unbelievable 19,200 dpi for producing large-scale prints and digital documents . versatile paper handling this printer will handle a variety of special media , including envelopes , transparencies , photo paper , panoramas , and more . the 100-sheet paper tray provides plenty of paper capacity for small-scale jobs . compatible with both windows ( some features may not be available with windows 2000 ) and macintosh , the hp deskjet d4280 measures 17.09 x 11.42 x 6.38 inches and weighs 11.09 pounds . it 's backed by a 1-year limited warranty . what 's in the box hp photosmart c4280 all-in-one , hp 74 black inkjet print cartridge ( 4.5 ml ) , hp 75 tri-color inkjet print cartridge ( 3.5 ml ) , power supply , power cord , software cd , setup guide , basics guide , read-iris flyer , registration card , and pen shopping card .
learning resources calendar and weather pocket chart . this sturdy , vinyl pocket chart will makes a visually appealing introduction to weather . includes pre-printed , double-sided cards for dates , days of the week , months , years , yesterday , today , tomorrow , holidays and celebrations , weather conditions and seasonsmdash ; 136 heavy-duty cards in all ! calendar and weather pocket chart is sturdy , vinyl pocket chart will makes a visually appealing introduction to weather . this includes pre-printed , double-sided cards for dates , days of the week , months , years , yesterday , today , tomorrow , holidays and cel
texas instruments ti-30xs multiview scientific calculator . designed with unique features to allow you to enter more than one calculation , compare results and explore patterns , all on the same screen . enter and view calculations in common math notation via the mathprint mode , including stacked fractions , exponents , exact square roots and more . quickly view fractions and decimals in alternate forms by using the toggle key . scroll through previous entries and investigate critical patterns as well as viewing and pasting into a new calculation . explore an x , y table of values for a given function , automatically or by entering specific x values . powerful , four-line scientific calculator for high school math and science exploration . designed with unique features to allow you to enter more than one calculation compare results and explore patterns all on the same screen . enter and view calculations in common math notation via the mathprint mode including stacked fractions exponents exact square roots and more . quickly view fractions and decimals in alternate forms by using the toggle key . scroll through previous entries and investigate critical patterns as well as viewing and pasting into a new calculation . explore an x y table of values for a given function automatically or by entering specific x values . power source ( s ) : battery solar display notation : numeric number of display digits : n a display characters x display lines : 16 x 4.unit of measure : each key features : four-line display one- and two-variable statistics mathprint feature fraction decimal conversion step-by-step fraction simplification edit , cut and paste entries solar and battery powered ideal for : general math pre-algebra algebra 1 and 2 geometry statistics general science biology chemistry
scotch 3m bubble mailers size 0 ( 6 '' x 9 '' ) - 25ct . 3m scotch bubble mailer size 0 , 6 '' x 9 '' , 25 pack
ergorest - 330-016-gy - ergorest articulating arm support - grey - long arm , long pad . the flagship product for ergorest is their patented , modular wrist and forearm support dock , which is a fully-adjustable , articulated support for elbows , forearms , and wrists . as our customers often note , gel pads , so-called `` wrist bars '' and other inexpensive treatment and repetitive injury solutions are either totally useless , or are ineffective at preventing , controlling , or rehabilitating stressed , torn , or fatigued muscles , tendons , and ligaments . `` ergorest forearm and wrist support - products to relieve carpal tunnel pain and rsi impairment . `` > anything `` better '' than a gel pad or foam elevator is usually cumbersome , fragile , and or just as useless in long-term treatment and prevention of carpal tunnel and repetitive stress injury or risk . which is where ergorest forearm supports come onto the scene . sturdily-made , environmentally friendly , lightweight , flexible , mobile and well-built , the ergorest forearm support system is a testament to best-practices ergonomics around the globe . ergorest fabricates their forearm and wrist supports from aluminum alloys and tough nylon fibers ( polyamide ) . the pad itself is upholstered with rich , genuine leather . and lest function fall short of looks and materials , ergorest has spent over a decade working on human factors and ergonomic principles in the adjustable clamps that attach the support to a fixed object ( such as a desk , table top , etc ) , and a durable height-adjusting screw allows for a dynamic range of applications . the maximum operating span for the standard ergorest forearm and wrist support model is 23.5cm ( 9.25 '' inches ) , the maximum load bearing capacity is ~12 kg ( about 26 pounds ) , and the height adjustment is a generous 75 mm ( 2.95 '' - providing nearly three inches of travel ) .
ergorest - 330-016-r - ergorest articulating arm support - red - long arm , long pad .
space seating airgrid dark back and padded black mesh seat , 2-to-1 synchro tilt control , adjustable arms and tilt tension nylon base managers chair with adjustable headrest . professional deluxe matrex back chair with adjustable headrest and mesh seat
board dudes 17 '' x 23 '' aluminum framed magnetic 3-in-1 dry erase cork calendar board ( cxp65 ) . this 17 '' x 23 '' magnetic dry erase 3 'n 1 board is extremely versatile . framed with a durable aluminum border , it is perfect for free-hand note taking and planning upcoming events on the convenient monthly calendar . but it is more than just a dry erase board - you can also use the classic cork strip to attach important notes and papers ! a black dry erase marker and two black button magnets included .
board dudes 11 '' x 14 '' plastic framed magnetic calendar ( cym19 ) . stay organized by keeping you monthly activities written down on this 11 '' x 14 '' monthly calendar . clean white frame provides an non-distracting look at the month ahead . includes a dry erase marker and two magnets as the dry erase surface is magnetic and can be used to post notes or pictures . mounting instructions and hardware included .
casio fx 260 solar ii scientific calculator , black . casio - fx-260 solar scientific calculator , 10-digit x two-line display , lcd - sold as 1 eachall purpose scientific calculator offers fraction calculation , trigonometric functions and is solar powered . power source ( s ) : solar ; display notation : numeric ; number of display digits : n a ; display characters x display lines : 10 x 2.all purpose scientific calculator offers fraction calculation , trigonometric functions and is solar powered . hard slide case . casio - fx-260 solar ii scientific calculator , 10-digit x two-line display , lcd - sold as 1 each . all purpose scientific calculator offers fraction calculation , trigonometric functions and is solar powered . power source ( s ) : solar ; display notation : numeric ; number of display digits : n a ; display characters x display lines : 10 x 2.all purpose scientific calculator offers fraction calculation , trigonometric functions and is solar powered . hard slide case .
cork board 6 x 4 oak frame bulletin board . cork board features thick cork that is laminated to sturdy fiberboard with a sealed back
genius cp-sf600 v2 portable document scanner ( cp-sf600 v2 ) . the colorpage-sf600 is designed specially for notebook users . it is compact enough to fit neatly on your desk and you can store it easily alongside your laptop or in your briefcase . with its astounding 600 x 1200 dpi resolution and 48-bit superior color , you get high quality images as well as a good looking scanner . the sf-600 can also be used anywhere because it is powered through the usb cable . it is not only powerful enough to scan , but it includes software to organize all of your documents , photos , articles , brochures , business cards and it can recognize email and print out text .
authentic models colorful prose bottles of ink . authentic models colorful prose bottles of inkthis is a collection of 12 bottles of ink in subtle , but brilliant colors . the set comes in a handsome storage display box . features : set of 12 ink bottles subtle , brilliant colors includes handsome storage box
eccolo journal refill , 256 lined premium gilded pages , measures 5 '' x 7 '' , fits eccolo 6x8 refillable journals . bound refill book has 256 lined , acid-free pages made from heavy stock ivory paper with gold edges . pages are lined both back and front . refill itself is sized at 5 x 7.25-inches and designed to fit all eccolo 6 x 8-inch romance collection refillable journal covers and the luigi journal as well . eccolo is a family owned business based in brooklyn , new york . we craft and import the finest frames , albums , journals , and gifts from italy , overseeing the process with the utmost care . seeking out the best quality materials and partnering with craftsmen in classic cities like florence to bring only the best to our valued customers . when you choose eccolo , you are choosing an heirloom .
learning resources magnetic lap boards . great for individual learning or small group demonstrations . set of 5 boards . measures 9 '' x 1112 '' . grades prek+
learning resources tabletop pocket chart , classroom tool . this double-sided pocket chart is perfect for small group lessons or learning centers . use with cards ( not included ) to sort , classify , write equations , or create graphs . chart features storage pockets with clear vinyl windows , 5 clear display pockets on each side , and a sturdy handle . the learning resources tabletop pocket chart card set , is designed for use with the learning resources tabletop pocket chart to teach digital and analog time-telling with cards that feature clock faces , written time , and numbers and colors . the set of 80 cards includes enough activities for individual or small group practice . the 2.5-inch coated cards with varied widths can also be used with standard pocket charts and is designated for kids in grades one through three . what 's in the box 80 learning resources time cards .
ti-nspire cas graphing calculator . developed hand-in-hand with educators worldwide and built on proven educational graphing technology and methods , the texas instruments ti-nspire cas graphing calculator represents the latest development in advanced educational tools . some this calculator 's unique features let you see multiple representations of a problem individually or together on a single screen and the ability to dynamically link representations of a problem to see how changes to one affect other problems . this calculator also lets you grab and move graphed functions in real time to observe relationships and patterns , and the calculator saves work in documents , similar to a computer . ideal for classroom use , the calculator 's press-to-test feature blocks access to certain geometry features not allowed on exams . you can use this ti graphing calculator on the psat and sat college entrance exams and on ap tests . developed hand-in-hand with educators worldwide and built on proven educational graphing technology and methods , the texas instruments ti-nspire cas graphing calculator represents the latest development in advanced educational tools . some this calculator 's unique features let you see multiple representations of a problem individually or together on a single screen and the ability to dynamically link representations of a problem to see how changes to one affect other problems . this calculator also lets you grab and move graphed functions in real time to observe relationships and patterns , and the calculator saves work in documents , similar to a computer . ideal for classroom use , the calculator 's press-to-test feature blocks access to certain geometry features not allowed on exams . you can use this ti graphing calculator on the psat and sat college entrance exams and on ap tests .
fellowes starlet personal comb binder , gray ( starlet ) . designed for occasional binding needs in the home , office , or classroom , the fellowes starlet comb binding machine punches up to 7 sheets at a time and binds up to 90 sheets with a 1 2 inch comb . vertical document loader ensures consistent punch alignment . efficient design allows user to punch and bind in a continuous manner . adjustable edge guide accurately centers documents . document thickness comb guide helps user select proper comb width . a convenient built-in comb storage tray keeps supplies handy . add a sleek , professional finish to photo albums , school projects , recipe books , presentations , and more with the fellowes starlet personal comb binder . featuring an easy-to-use , streamlined design , the comb binder allows users to punch and bind in a continuous manner , increasing productivity . the starlet lets you punch up to seven pages at a time . it features vertical document loading for accurate punch alignment , and a rotary edge guide to accurately center documents , ensuring all of your home and home office binding needs are met with precision and ease . starletpersonal comb binderat a glance : designed for occasional use in the home or home officeefficient , user-friendly designpunch up to seven sheets at a timebuilt-in , mistake-proof tool helps you select the right comb size for your documentsalign and center documents with easebacked by a limited , two-year warrantylight-duty comb binder is ideal for the home or home office . view larger.compact , lightweight design allows for easy storage . view larger.efficient design maximizes productivitythe fellowes starlet features a compact , efficient design that allows users to punch and bind in a continuous manner for maximum productivity . the model punches up to seven pages at a time , and it can bind up to 90 pages with a 1 2-inch comb . vertical document loading for easy alignmentusing vertical document loading , the starlet is designed to accurately align the punches of every document you bind . a rotary edge guide allows documents to be centered with ease and precision . features a storage tray with comb document measurement device . view larger.comb document measurement devicea built-in , mistake-proof measuring tool helps you select the right comb size for your document . additionally , you can keep your supplies neatly stored and organized inside the starlet with the internal storage tray . the fellowes starlet personal comb binder is backed by a limited , two-year warranty . what 's in the boxstarlet comb binder and instructions . consider all the usesbusiness office uses : presentationsreference documentstraining toolsmarketing and sales materialclient proposalsannual reportsfinancial reportsmenusbrochuresdirect mail piecesschool uses : text booksstudy guidesworksheetsreportsart projectspresentationsfinal examscalendarsrecreational uses : mapssports rosters and schedulestravel literaturetraining bookletspractice tipsrecipe cardsphotographscertificatesscrapbookingchoose the fellowes comb binding machine that 's right for youmodel : large officesmall officepersonalgalaxy egalaxyquasar equasarpulsar epulsarstarstarletusage : frequentfrequentfrequentfrequentmoderatemoderateoccasionaloccasionalpunching capacity : 252520201515107binding capacity : 500 sheets500 sheets500 sheets500 sheets300 sheets300 sheets150 sheets90 sheetsvertical punching : yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesreleasable dies : yes - 3yes - 3nonononononopunching : electricmanualelectricmanualelectricmanualmanualmanualbinding element selector : yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesdimensions ( h x w x d ) : 6.5 x 19.62 x 17.756.5 x 20.87 x 17.755.12 x 16.87 x 15.375.12 x 18.12 x 15.375.12 x 16.93 x 15.375.12 x 18.12 x 15.373.12 x 17.68 x 9.813.12 x 17.68 x 9.81binding accessories3 8 '' black plastic binding combs100packuse with fellowes or any standard 19-ring comb binding system . for 41-55 sheets.1 2 '' black plastic binding combs100packuse with fellowes or any standard 19-ring comb binding system . for 56-90 sheets.crystals clear binding coversletter size , 100packhigh-quality covers give a professional look and feel to any documentcrystals clear binding coversoversize , 100packhigh-quality covers give a professional look and feel to any documentgrain black binding coversletter size , 25packhigh-quality covers give a professional look and feel to any document
fellowes 5216901 quasar 500 electric comb binding system , 16 7 8 x 15 3 8 x 5 1 8 , metallic gray . the compact , high performance fellowes quasar e comb binding machine features effortless electric punching for the ultimate in convenience . the quasar e punches up to 20 sheets at the touch of a button and binds up to 500 sheets with a 2 inches comb in a continuous manner . vertical document loading ensures accurate punch alignment . features built-in comb storage tray with document measurement device for added convenience and quick set-up . adjustable edge guide centers documents with ease . includes binding starter pack ( contents : 10 pk assorted kit ) .
lapgear clipboard - blue ( fits up to 17.3 '' laptop ) . now that youre in college , youre going to be studying long hours- why not study in comfort ? the xl student lapdesk is now large enough to accommodate laptops up to 17 inches , and includes a mounted clip so you can easily secure your homework , notes , and writing utensils . the xl student lapdesk keeps it all together so you can too ! with this extra-large writing surface , you can get work done whether youre in the library , the coffee shop , or your dorm . our premium dual bolster cushions are filled with microbeads so it stays firmly in your lap , and the airflow channel helps reduce unwanted heat from your laptop so youre always comfortable . durable and portable , this lapdesk is ready for anything , just like you !
aurora as810sd 8-sheet strip-cut paper , cd and credit card shredder basket . aurora 8-sheet strip cut paper shredder with basket shreds cd 's and credit cards , staples and paper clips . the aurora as810sd 8-sheet strip cut paper cd credit card shredder with basket is the perfect home device to help keep you safe from identity theft . the as810sd accepts up to eight sheets of paper at a time and shreds them into 1 4-inch strips . paper is shredded at a speedy 9.7 feet per minute . a three-mode safety switch keeps your fingers from getting caught . to get the shredding started , simply feed paper through and the shredder auto starts . in addition to paper , the as810sd shreds cds and credit cards , keeping vital information from falling into the wrong hands . the throat of the shredder is 8.75 inches wide and the basket itself can hold 4.5 gallons , or 100 sheets of shredded paper .
aurora as890c 8-sheet cross-cut paper credit card shredder with basket . aurora 8 sheet cross cut paper shredder with basket featuring overload overheat protection , auto start , and manual reverse to clear paper jams turn private documents and sensitive information into confetti at the rate of eight pages per minute with the aurora crosscut paper shredder . the shredder 's stainless steel blades slice through folded paper , staples , paper clips , and even credit cards quickly and efficiently . to maximize the security of your personal information , the blades cut across and down , leaving one-fifth-inch-wide strips of paper . with an attached 125-sheet-capacity wastepaper basket , this shredder is a practical addition to any home or small office . the as890c 8 sheet light duty crosscut shredder offers : stainless steel blades that cut through credit cards , staples and paper clips . cross-cut technology turns documents into confetti . shred rate of 8.36 pages per minute . 125-sheet-capacity wastebasket . manual reverse mode for clearing paper jams . feed as many as 8 sheets of paper at a time into the shredder . view larger . the as890c has no problems with paper clips , staples , and credit cards . cross-cut shredding for better security whether you 're disposing of financial statements , personal information , or junk mail , this shredder 's cross-cut technology offers high-security protection . insert as many as eight pages into the 8.7-inch entry slot and watch through the viewing window as the paper is quickly sliced across and down into 1 5 inch scraps . even if your documents are folded in half or riddled with staples , the stainless steel blades will quickly shred your documents so that you can dispose of them safely . perfect size for home or small office the shredder 's black color and moderate size ( 12 x 7 x 16 inches ) make it a tasteful and practical addition to a small home or office space . a 59-inch power cord allows you to store it far from power outlets . when the time comes to empty the attached wastebasket , a full-bag indicator light will alert you . but with a 125-sheet-capacity wastebasket , you wo n't need to empty it often . for maximum convenience , you can simply leave the shredder in auto start mode . each time paper is inserted , a sensor will activate the blades . if more than eight pages are inserted at a time , the manual reverse mode can come in handy to clear a temporary paper jam . in case of heavy use , the shredder also features thermal overload protection to keep the unit from overheating . what 's in the box aurora 8 sheet crosscut shredder with basket .
cortelco 255444-vba-20m wall phone with volume control - ash . cortelco traditional wall phone with single-gong ringer and volume control in ash .
330 lb digital shipping scale weighmax . w-4830 industrial digital shipping postal scale 330lbmost durable , heavy duty saleweighmax w-4830 is a high end industrial scale weight up to 330.0 lb . 75.0 kg with a wired remote display for easy reading . the stainless steel platform is designed especially for weighing large and heavy objects . it is the perfect digital shipping scale for postal , packaging , shipping , manufacturing or industrial requirements . max weight capacity 330 lb , sensitivity : 0.05kg 0.1lbeasy button : on off , tare and mode measuring units : pounds ounces , kilograms grams remote large back-lit lcd display with built-in clock auto off feature1 9volt batteries included 9v a c adaptor included10 year manufacturer warranty
# 000 kraft bubble mailers , 4 '' x 7 '' usable space ( case of 250 ) . # 000 kraft bubble mailers , 4 '' x 7 '' usable space ( case of 250 )
staedtler triplus fineliner pens , pack of 10 , assorted colors ( 334 sb10a603 ) . 10 color triples fine liner set . this item belongs to craft supplies , arts-and-crafts-supplies . this item is manufactured in germany .
motorola k3 dect_6.0 1 handset landline telephone . motorola dect 6.0 cordless high quality big button phone
keyspan by tripp lite pr-pro3 presentation remote pro wireless w laser , mouse , audio controls . provides complete two-button mouse capabilitiesworks up to 100 ft. even through walls and furniturestart and end presentations , or hide the slide ( darken the screen ) with a push of a button put intuitive , advanced presentation control in your hand with the pr-pro3 presentation remote from keyspan by tripp lite . its wireless rf technology does n't require line of sight , meaning you can walk anywhere in the room and truly engage your audience without breaking your flow . advanced presentation controls ( start end , darken screen , audio and more ) combined with wireless mouse capabilities and a brilliant laser pointer allow you to manage the pace , timing and a v effects of your presentationall with the touch of a button . the pr-pro3 offers plug-and-play convenience with no software to installjust plug the receiver into the usb port of a pc or mac and the remote is ready to use within seconds . when the unit is not in use , the usb receiver stores neatly in the base of the remote . the remote is powered by two standard aaa batteries , and is equipped with an on off switch to prevent accidental battery discharge . for multimedia presentations , it can control the system volume on a mac or pc . the pr-pro3 is compatible with all projector brands . it comes with two aaa batteries and a 1-year limited warranty . the pr-pro3 is ideal for conferences , boardrooms , sales presentations , corporate training , k-12 and college classrooms , and more . with the pr-pro3 , these no need to worry about software or projector compatibility . it works with powerpoint , keynote and other presentation programs that use powerpoint keystrokes . the pr-pro3 is also compatible with all projector brands . the pr-pro3 is exceptionally user-friendlyno complicated instructions , no special software to install . simply plug the receiver into a pc or mac and the remote is ready for action in seconds . the pr-pro3 offers mouse control , two types of slide control , as well as volume controls . it provides advanced functionality , including a start end presentation button and a hide slide button to darken the screen . other buttons include : next slide ( on the remote 's face ) , previous slide ( on the remote 's face ) , next slide ( via switch on right side of remote ) , previous slide ( via switch on right side of remote ) , volume up , volume down , laser pointer , mouse control pad , left right mouse click , black screen , f5 and esc ( press and hold f5 to esc ) , on off switch . when you 're using the pr-pro3 , there 's no need to stay near the computer . its 100-foot rf range gives you the freedom to move around and interact with your audiencewithout being stuck at a computer or waiting for an assistant to advance your slides . you can control your presentation from any location in the room , even if there are walls , partitions or furniture between you and the computer . there 's no need to worry about misplacing pr-pro3 's rf receiver . when not in use , it stores conveniently in the base of the remote unit . the pr-pro3 remote is powered by two standard aaa batteries ( included ) . to prevent accidental battery discharge when not in use , the remote is equipped with an on off switch . * volume control available in multimedia mode only . tripp lite ups systems , surge suppressors and accessories are available with a wide range of features to provide reliable , cost-effective power protection for all electronics . the ideal tool for presenters and lecturers . this presentation remote has a range of 65 feet , making it perfect for large auditoriums and lecture halls . controls powerpoint and keynote via mac or windows . includes usb rf receiver , laser pointer , mouse and audio controls . gyroscope technology responds simple hand movements . 1-year warranty . compact 2-port usb kvm switch with optional audio and microphone switching function . it allows you to access , control , boot and reboot two usb-enabled computers from a single console ( keyboard , monitor and mouse ) . the independent audio mic switching function allows an uninterrupted audio experienceyou can continue listening to audio even when you switch to the other computer . 1-year warranty . connects up to ten usb devices to a single usb port on a pc , mac or notebook computer . two ports swivel for easy attachment of mp3 players and flash drives . this hub is certified to support high-speed data transmission rates up to 480mbps , and is ideal for both the desktop and the mobile user . lifetime product warranty . battery backup protection for pcs and all electronics . the eco650lcd provides 650va 325w power capacity with 6 outlets ( 4 ups surge , 3 eco surge , 1 surge only ) plus single-line tel dsl ( rj11 ) surge protection . eco outlets eliminate energy-wasting phantom loads to reduce your electric bill . interactive lcd user interface provides ups status control options with detailed ups and site electrical information . usb port works with free poweralert software to enable safe unattended system shutdown and file saves . the eco650lcd supports a basic desktop pc for up to 17 minutes during power failures . $ 100,000 ultimate lifetime insurance ; 3-year warranty . advanced automatic voltage regulation and battery backup protection for pcs , a v components and all electronics . the smart1500lcd provides 1500va 900w power capacity with 8 ups-supported outlets plus single-line tel dsl ethernet protection . a large illuminated lcd display shows power and ups operating conditions in real time . one usb port and one dbp port with included cables and poweralert monitoring software enable safe unattended system shutdown and file saves . the smart1500lcd supports entry-level pcs for up to 75 minutes during power failures . $ 250,000 ultimate lifetime insurance ( usa canada only ) ; 3-year product warranty . economical protection for a v components and all electronics . this surge suppressor features a high-impact plastic housing , 3240-joule surge protection rating , 8 outlets with built-in safety covers , gold coaxial surge protection , tel dsl ( rj11 ) surge protection and tel ethernet ( rj45 ) surge protection , and 10-ft. power cord with right-angle plug . $ 250,000 ultimate lifetime insurance ; lifetime warranty .
brother dr110cl drum unit . trust this oem laser drum unit for superior results . keeps your machine printing accurate , crisp pages . replace all four drums with one easy cartridge installation . device types : multifunction laser printer ; oem compatible : oem ; page-yield : 17000 ; supply type : drum cartridge .
compucessory monitor riser ( ccs25303 ) . adjustable monitor stand lifts crt or lcd monitors to a comfortable viewing height while creating a storage area under monitor . height can be adjusted by removing or adding riser sections . monitor stands 1-1 2 '' high with one riser or 3-3 4 '' high with two risers .
fisher space chrome plated shuttle space pen , ch4 . the fisher space pen shuttle pen uses a sealed pressurized ink cartridge . this pen will work in the freezing cold the boiling heat the gravity-free vacuum of space . it is used on all manned space flights- american and russian . retractable with side button release . black ink medium point refillable
bubblefast brand 3.5 cu . ft. pink anti static packing peanuts . it is the safe and efficient all-around cushioning material that protects any product , regardless of its shape . reliably filling the space and the gaps around the product , loose fill provides added protection through its resilience , excellent blocking and bracing properties and high compressive strength . this loose fill is antistatic and very easy to dispense . it is 100 % recyclable , does not contaminate groundwater , and is suitable for use with food packaging !
kodak easyshare 5300 all-in-one printer print , copy , and scan ( 8804056 ) . kodak easyshare 5300 all-in-one printer print , copy , and scan ( 8804056 ) manufacturer description there 's a lot more to buying an affordable printer than just looking at the sticker price . ultimately , you 'll end up spending a lot more on the ink than you will on the printer . that 's why it makes sense to choose this new kodak all-in-one printer , which uses ultra low-priced ink to help you save up to 50 percent* on everything you print compared to other consumer inkjet systems1 . ink cartridges are just $ 9.99 for black ; only $ 14.99 for five-ink color . plus it delivers stunning kodak quality photos and sharp , vibrant documents , copies and scans . the kodak easyshare 5300 all-in-one-printer also includes a 3-inch color lcd for editing and works with most memory cards , so you can even print without a pc . key features print more . pay less . black ink just $ 9.99 ; 5-color ink only $ 14.99 kodak quality prints and documents from home print , copy , scan , and more easyshare 5300 highlights the kodak easyshare 5300 lets you create lab-quality pictures that last a lifetime in as little as 28 seconds2 , and black text documents at 32 pages per minute . mixed black color text documents print as quickly as 30 pages per minute . it features a 3,840 nozzle dual drop print head for stunningly clear photo resolution prints and a high-quality ccd scanner to ensure scans come through with crystal-clear resolution . the unit features a 3.0-inch lcd display for previewing photos that can be printed straight from most memory card formats . the easyshare 5300 also features bluetooth connectivity so you can print pictures straight from your bluetooth-enabled camera phone via pictbridge technology , and the printer even supports duplex printing for economical paper use . the on-board tray can hold 20 sheets of 4 x 6-inch photo paper , and 100 sheets in the main tray . and do n't forget , the printer can print regular text documents in crisp and sharp black and white , too . the printer is compatible with windows xp and later and mac os 10.4.8 and later operating systems . weighing only 21.3 pounds , this all-in-one device measures 18.8 x 14.7 x 8.8 inches and is backed by a 1-year limited manufacturer 's warranty . what 's in the box easyshare 5300 all-in-one printer , ink cartridges ( black , color ) , paper sample pack , power supply , adapter cord , setup guide , easyshare software , and easyshare 5000 series all-in-one printer software . *savings based on home printing of documents and photos using average ink costs of comparable consumer inkjet printers . actual results may vary . 1savings based on the home printing of documents and photos using average ink costs of comparable consumer inkjet printers . actual results may vary . 2based on fastest document print modes and borderless 4 x 6-inch photos using kodak ultra premium photo paper -- studio gloss , and using windows os-based pcs that meet recommended system requirements . actual results may vary .
irispen express 6 pen scanner . the iris usoa400 irispen express 6 pen scanner is a portable , hand-held scanner that works just like a highlighter . you simply slide the scanner over virtually any printed text , and the text is automatically scanned directly into your computer . ideal for remote research projects or any task in which a flatbed scanner would prove too cumbersome , this pen-sized amazon.com product description the iris usoa400 irispen express 6 pen scanner is a portable , hand-held scanner that works just like a highlighter . you simply slide the scanner over virtually any printed text , and the text is automatically scanned directly into your computer . ideal for remote research projects or any task in which a flatbed scanner would prove too cumbersome , this pen-sized scanner operates at a rate of over three inches per second and recognizes 128 languages .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } the iris usoa400 irispen express 6 pen scanner offers : small size for easy portability . automatic conversion of text on paper into editable text on the screen . recognition of 128 languages . pc and mac compatibility . the pen-sized scanner scans at a rate of over three inches per second . view larger . fast scanning and high accuracy the irispen express 6 includes optical character recognition software , or ocr , that is up to 100 % accurate with 128 languages . whether you 're scanning print from a newspaper in new york , istanbul or ljubljana , this scanner will provide you with highly accurate results . it can even read wavy and distorted images , as well as colored text and numbers , and text on colored backgrounds . if you have special text needs , do n't worry . the irispen can recognize alphanumeric characters , numeric data , special characters , mathematical symbols , currency symbols , and much more . the irispen also reads virtually any font , in a wide variety of styles and point sizes ( from 8 to 20 points ) , as well as formatting elements , such as vertical lines , separating table cells . the scanner can even scan logos , signatures , and other small graphics . while the speed will vary according to usage , the irispen can scan up to 3.15 inches per second . you simply slide the `` pen '' tip across your text , just as you would a highlighter , and the text is scanned directly into the application of your choice . wide software and hardware compatibility the irispen does n't care if you 're a mac or pc user . it 's compatible with practically any platform you use . the pen connects directly into the usb port of a pc , notebook , tablet pc or macintosh computer . powered by the usb port of your computer , the irispen does n't need an external power supply and features an `` idle '' mode to save energy when it 's not in use . use the irispen just like a highlighter and the text appear right on your computer screen . the scanner software is easily configured . you can assign key board shortcuts and follow the intuitive smart wizard for the quickest and easiest way of defining your settings . it proposes a series of templates with pre-defined settings means for the reading of certain types of data : text , text from columns , numeric tables , etc . these templates can be either used as such , or modified to fit more particular needs . once connected , your options for the destination of your scanning is virtually unlimited . you can scan your text directly into microsoft excel or word , into text files , emails -- you name it . if you can type in it , the irispen will let you scan into it . scanning everything from albanian to zulu amazingly , the irispen recognizes 128 different languages . all american and european languages are supported , including central-european languages . greek , turkish , the cyrillic ( `` russian '' ) and the baltic languages and hebrew are also supported . optionally , the irispen reads asian documents in japanese , simplified chinese , traditional chinese and korean . you can activate a mixed alphabet of greek or cyrillic and western characters . this is useful if western words pop up in greek of cyrillic texts ( this is often the case with proper name , brand names , etc . ) . the irispen will automatically switch languages whenever needed . what 's in the box irispen express 6 pen scanner , cd-rom , quick installation guide , register card , user 's manual , test sheet , and calibration sheet .
filemaker pro - ( v. 9.0 ) - complete package - 1 user - cd - win , mac - english ( 30088g ) category : software suites . new ! filemaker pro 9 : manage people , projects , assets and more  the easy way ! filemaker pro is the # 1-selling easy-to-use database software that helps you manage people , projects , assets and more  the easy way ! its powerful database and award-winning design help you work faster and securely share information with windows and mac users  over a network , across the web , and with popular formats like microsoft excel , adobe pdf and sql . convert your microsoft excel spreadsheets and other files to filemaker pro databases instantly for easier searching , sorting and reporting . or , choose from any of the 30 ready-to-use starter customize screens with ease : make your databases look and work the way you wantall without programming . use the layout and report assistant to guide you through designing custom layouts , labels , and reports . multi-user support lets you securely share information with windows and mac users . and with the advanced security features , you decide who has access to what information and when . the security and sharing features of filemaker pro help your team operate at maximum efficiency without sacrificing data security . integrate with popular programs and formats : create live connections with external sql data sources , such microsoft sql server , oracle and mysql * . filemaker pro also comes complete with step-by-step tools that help you create reports and then email them to your colleagues as adobe pdf or microsoft excel files . and with the instant web publishing feature built into filemaker pro , you can create web forms for event sign-ups , customer feedback and service requests . whether you need to integrate your information with external sql data sources , other applications , or the web , filemaker pro 9 connects you with your world of data faster and easier than ever before ! * third-party drivers required . filemaker pro is the # 1-selling easy-to-use database software for windows and mac os that helps you manage people , projects , assets and more -- the easy way . connect to the world of data in so many new ways ! combining both power and simplicity , filemaker pro 9 gives you the tools you need to connect to the world of data ! get started quickly the award-winning ease of use that is built into every aspect of filemaker pro continues to be praised by millions of customers and industry experts around the world . with its easy installation and setup , you 'll be up and running in a matter of minutes -- not hours or days . gather your information in one place information comes in many forms , from business cards to microsoft excel files , images to sql server data -- filemaker pro helps you bring it all together with a few clicks . convert excel spreadsheets and other files to filemaker pro databases for easier searching , sorting , reporting , and sharing . or use powerful productivity features designed to make data entry much faster and more accurate . instant access to the information you need use filemaker pro to organize , sort through , and find information from individual contacts to large data sets . when someone calls , you will have the contact history , the project state , or the shipment status right at hand . bring up records by date , location , or content . create formulas and calculations and summaries . you will be amazed how easy it is to be informed . report and communicate all your information transform data into useful information by creating reports and layouts that work the way you do . filemaker pro comes complete with step-by-step tools that help you create reports and then email them to your colleagues as adobe pdf or excel files . or choose from hundreds of pre-defined templates for labels and envelopes to help get the word out with ease . power to take you further build powerful yet flexible custom applications using the filemaker pro relational database management system . design complete scalable solutions for your organization and automate repetitive tasks with the powerful scripting language , all without the help of a programmer . built-in network sharing and security securely sharing databases is easy with filemaker pro . windows and mac os filemaker pro users on the same network can access the same database file simultaneously . and with the advanced security model in filemaker pro , you can determine what your users can do and see . connect with the web publishing basic web forms or web-based status updates and lists is simple with the instant web publishing feature built into filemaker pro . you can create web forms for event sign-ups , customer feedback and service requests . or setup security privileges for your clients so they can login through their web browser to get a status update . and you can harness the information that is available on the web by using the filemaker web viewer to get real-time information from the web that is associated with your data without having to open a web browser . on your mark , get set , connect ! connect directly to the information you need every time you launch filemaker pro 9 with the new filemaker quick start screen . whether you want to create a new database , open an existing database or learn more about using filemaker pro 9 , you 'll get to where you need to go faster than ever . faster from the start the filemaker quick start screen is the first screen you see when launching filemaker pro 9. it provides a simple navigation to create a new database , open an existing database , or learn more about the product with the filemaker learning center . create database -- build a filemaker pro database from scratch or choose from one of 30 starter solutions . open database -- browse files , open recent files or choose from your customized list of favorite files . even add or delete files from your favorites list . learn more -- learn filemaker pro at your own pace with the filemaker learning center . for those who are new to filemaker pro , you 'll have everything you need in one place to get you started on your first database . for those who have been using filemaker pro for years , you 'll love being able to open recent files or create a favorites list of the databases that you use most often . help when you need it now it is even easier to harness the power and flexibility of filemaker pro to build a solution that works for you . when you are working on a calculation , setting up a button , creating a new layout , or adding a filemaker web viewer , just click on the new learn more button in these dialogs for quick access to the relevant sections of the built-in filemaker help . you 'll quickly be on your way to managing people , projects , assets and more -- the easy way ! at-a-glance indicators connect to changes in your filemaker pro 9 data by visually formatting fields and objects based on parameters that you decide ! new conditional formatting can be applied to fields , filemaker web viewer objects , text objects , or text based buttons . choose from a list of pre-defined conditions or create your own with a calculation for enhanced reporting . for example , you can now set future due dates to green and past due dates to red and bold . at-a-glance knowledge are any payments overdue ? what contracts are expiring next month ? are you on-time and under budget ? connect to changes in your data with conditional formatting . you set the way a field or object is displayed based on parameters that you decide . choose the font , font style , font size , font color and fill color . you 'll know who owes you money and what tasks are overdue because the font will change to bright red and bold ( or whatever you want it to ) when this occurs . never miss a due date again let 's say that you schedule shifts for a department where employees can only be scheduled to work if all of their certifications are current . a visual reminder of the status of a certification would be very helpful to you . for example , with conditional formatting you can set the date field so that : quick performance indicatorsmany organizations use performance indicators to judge how well they are doing or to achieve desired outcomes . choose from a list of 20 pre-defined conditions or create your own with a calculation . this makes it simple to monitor and troubleshoot when your performance indicators are outside of the thresholds that you 've defined . use conditional formatting with external sql data sources to create useful information dashboards of your organization 's data . database sharing made even easier in just a few minutes , you can be sharing your database with others . just click on send link and filemaker pro will create an email with a simple hyperlink that when clicked on , will open your database . you can edit the email in your email client to add any additional instructions or information about your database for your users making it easier than ever for your users to connect to your database . simultaneous sharing let 's say that you create a database in filemaker pro and then someone else in your organization wants to use that database too . no need to post files to a server ; sharing is built right into every copy of filemaker pro . if your computers are connected to a network , you and up to nine other windows and mac os filemaker pro users can access the same database file simultaneously . * plus , the new send link database sharing feature makes it easy for others to connect to your database by creating an email with a hyperlink that launches your database with one click . ** you can also extend your database to publish basic web forms , status and lists with instant web publishing or connect filemaker pro to your website with php web publishing . and if you ever want to share with larger groups , filemaker has easy-to-use server solutions available . powerful security databases can contain information from the most simplistic to the highly confidential . with the advanced security features of filemaker pro , you decide who has access to what information and when . you can secure your databases by assigning account names and passwords , and then assign custom privileges for each user , specifying what they can view and edit , down to the field level . so you can limit what users can see and do by restricting access based on your work rules . *if you have more than 9 users , please learn more about filemaker server **the recipient of the email must have filemaker pro installed . effortless reporting whether you want to create an invoice to send to a customer or publish a report to your team , filemaker pro 9 makes it easy to create an adobe pdf from your filemaker data directly within filemaker using pdf maker , a feature introduced in filemaker pro 8. now , with the new append to pdf feature , you can combine multiple reports into one pdf and email the pdf to the recipients you specify , connecting them to the latest information . latest updates stay current with the latest software with new software update notification . filemaker pro 9 automatically checks for software updates weekly . all it takes is an internet connection . new ! connect to your sql data do-it-yourself sql reporting have you ever wished that you could access information stored in ms sql server , oracle and mysql ? now you can ! during a fast one-time setup , you add a sql table or view to the filemaker relationship graph and from that point on you have a live connection to the external sql data source . then , create custom reports and solutions using all your familiar filemaker pro tools . create solutions that include sql data no longer do you need high-end programming skills to add sql data to filemaker pro solutions . now anyone can extend filemaker pro solutions to include information located in sql systems -- all without needing to know any programming languages or how to write sql queries . you can create new information by adding supplemental calculation and summary fields to the sql table in filemaker . run finds , sorts , and exports on the table . even use the values in scripts . it 's easy because it is filemaker pro . filemaker pro gives you the tools you need to do all sorts of useful things with data from an external sql data source , multiple external sql data sources , or filemaker pro and external sql data source ( s ) . use sql information to create name badges or shipping labels . track requisitions and purchase orders . develop a visual catalog of inventory and assets . everything that filemaker pro can do -- now you can do with data from sql . enable knowledge workers to use sql data - safely if you are an administrator for a sql database , you know the constant demand for ad-hoc data pulls and custom solutions . simply provide the knowledge workers in your organization with access to your sql views or tables . filemaker pro utilizes standard system-level dsns and you decide what level of access to provide ( read only or read write ) . then they 'll be off reporting and creating solutions to their heart 's content and you 'll be free to work on other projects . or use filemaker pro yourself and enjoy a dream environment for rapid application development and deployment . based on future-proof open odbc standards filemaker pro 's external data source feature was built with future expansion in mind . the initial release is certified to work with the following popular sql databases : the external data source feature also allows you to connect to remote filemaker pro databases , creating a `` one source '' tool for bringing all your critical data together . new ! connect to your creativitysuper script organizing the more scripts you add to automate your solution , the more important it is to stay organized . that 's why you 'll appreciate how easy filemaker pro 9 makes it to group and edit your scripts with the new script grouping and editing tools . get organized tracking down the script you need is virtually trouble-free with new script organization features . group related scripts for faster access . you can put all report scripts in one group and all navigation scripts in another group . categorize scripts in whatever way makes sense to you . if you have a lot of scripts , you can collapse and expand groups to make the list more manageable . instant discovery find the scripts you need in the blink of an eye , even if you do n't know which group to look in . just type as much of the script name as you know in the search box and filemaker pro will show you the list of scripts that match . super script editing get more out of scripts you have , and create new scripts faster . quickly create new scripts by duplicating similar ones you 've already created . with multiple script editing windows , you can view existing scripts while you develop a new script . in addition , now multiple users can login to the same solution and edit scripts at the same time . creativity at your fingertips connect to your creativity ! now you can design better and more creative layouts with intuitive new layout object tools . modify the tab sizes with the new tab control options . add a status bar or display html content stored in your database with the new filemaker web viewer options . precision tuning the tab control is a great way to logically organize information . now you can set the tabs to the width you want . for example , you may have a small label but want the tab containing the label to be larger , possibly because it looks better or because you want a larger area to click on . or you may be putting images on the tabs so you want the tabs to be big enough to fit the image . now you can specify the size of the tab . also , you can designate which tab is the default front tab . up-to-date information when a web page is loading in your browser , you can glance at the status bar to monitor progress . now , you can add the same status bar to the filemaker web viewer . also , you can dynamically display web pages in the filemaker web viewer that are driven by html stored in a field in your database . one size fits all design it once . use it anywhere . layout objects , such as portals , tab controls , and the filemaker web viewer , will scale to fit the screen or printer being used . with the new auto-resize feature , layout objects that you choose will resize or move in order to maintain a constant distance to the sides of the window or container that they have been anchored to . more great features filemaker pro 9 also includes these new and exciting features : new ! field level spell checking so you can turn on or off visual spell-checking for individual fields . new ! multiple undos and redos so you can undo and redo more than once when editing text within a field . new ! enhanced toolbars , including the new align toolbar for faster layout design and an updated standard toolbar that includes buttons for pdf maker and excel maker . new ! 10 additional avery labels layouts including shipping labels ideal for packaging and printing postage .
cortelco 270000-tp2-27s 1-handset landline telephone . the 7 series of telephones are superlative business telephones that are a choice above the rest . this family of phones features a data port , 99 cid memory , voice mail indication , caller id with call waiting , and speakerphone . specifically , the 7 series single line caller id telephone is a single line corded phone with lcd display , mute , hold , and much more .
hp 35s scientific calculator . 35s programmable scientific calculator ideal for college students , engineers , surveyors , and medical personnel , the hp 35s scientific calculator offers calculation versatility in one economical unit . for added versatility , the hp 35s lets users choose between rpn or algebraic entry-system logic ( no other scientific calculator offers both ) . it also features a large , two-line alphanumeric display to view entries , results , menus , and prompts with ease . the display also sports an adjustable contrast feature , making it ideal to use both indoors and out . a robust library of 100+ built-in functions and constants also comes pre-loaded for immediate use right out of the box . a robust memory ensures even the largest calculations go smoothly and quickly , and more than 800 independent storage registers allow users to store an equation , then use it again to solve any variable , or employ the equation in conjunction with any of the 100+ built-in functions . the calculator is backed by a manufacturer 's 1-year limited warranty . what 's in the box hp 35s scientific calculator , batteries , user 's manual , and premium protective case .
brother hl-4070cdw color laser printer with built-in duplex printing and wireless interface . brother hl-4070cdw color laser printer with wireless networking and duplex produces high-impact color brochures , business presentations , reports , and other business documents right from your desktop . an ideal choice for any small office , the hl-4070cdw offers fast , reliable performance and plenty of advanced features , such as automatic duplex printing , built-in wired and wireless networking , flexible paper handling , and usb direct printing . it produces brilliant business color output for all your office documents at up to 21 pages per minute in either color or monochrome delivering outstanding output quality at up to 2400x600dpi , the hl-4070cdw makes it easy to produce high-quality color reports , brochures , and presentations right from your desktop , or , using its built-in front-panel usb direct interface , directly from a usb flash memory drive . and to keep your running cost low , this printer also features high capacity in-box and replacement toner cartridges . its impressive list of standard features also includes built-in automatic duplex for two-sided printing , pcl6 and br-script3 emulations , flexible paper input capacity that can be expanded by adding an optional 500-sheet paper tray , and built-in 802.11b g wireless and ethernet network interfaces to allow sharing its powerful performance with your small wired or wireless workgroup . with its fast print speeds , outstanding print quality , and flexible connectivity , the hl-4070cdw gives you the ability to get your message across and add impact to all your color office documents . offering fast print speeds and brilliant color output , the brother hl-4070cdw color laser printer with wireless networking and duplex produces high-impact color brochures , business presentations , reports , and other business documents right from your desktop . an ideal choice for any small office , the hl-4070cdw offers fast , reliable performance and plenty of advanced features , such as automatic duplex printing , built-in wired and wireless networking , flexible paper handling , and usb direct printing . automatic duplex printing for easy two-sided prints . view larger . the hl-4070cdn color laser printer at-a-glance : 21 pages per minute print speed ( color or mono ) . large 300-sheet paper capacity ( expandable to 800 sheets ) . automatic duplex printing . built-in wireless and ethernet networking . one-year on-site limited warranty . step up to the mfc-9840cdw , which includes all of the features of the hl-4070cdw plus : color or black and white copying at up to 17 cpm . high resolution scanning at up to 19,200 dpi . high-speed faxing with 33.6k bps modem . duplex fax copy , and scan . flexible paper handling and high yield toner for high-volume applications using brother 's high-yield replacement toner cartridges ( tn-115 series cartridges are sold separately ) , you can enjoy lower operating costs and greater output for increased efficiency . and with a generous 300-sheet standard paper capacity consisting of a 250-sheet paper tray and a 50-sheet multi-purpose tray , the hl-4070cdw can handle large print jobs with ease . it also offers an optional 500-sheet capacity paper tray to boost total capacity to 800-sheets ( additional purchase required ) . plus , with flexible paper handling that accepts a wide range of media types and sizes , you can print high-quality business materials using letter- and legal-sized paper , envelopes , and more . fast printing in brilliant color create professional-quality documents in color or monochrome at speeds of up to 21 pages per minute ( ppm ) . produce brilliant color documents at print resolutions up to 2400 x 600 dpi for exceptional clarity when printing business materials with both text and graphics . automatic duplex printing for easy two-sided documents create two-sided documents quickly and easily thanks to the hl-4070cdw 's duplex feature that automatically prints on both sides of the paper for professional-looking business documents . automatic duplexing also helps to reduce paper consumption , as well as mailing and filing costs . built-in wired and wireless networking the brother hl-4070cdw offers both wireless and wired networking capabilities , allowing multiple computers within a workgroup to share the printer . the printer supports 802.11b g wireless networking and also has a 10 100 base-tx ethernet interface . wireless networking helps eliminate cables and gives you more flexibility in choosing where you work . direct printing via usb flash memory drive and pictbridge sometimes you just need a printout fast , and the hl-4070cdw has got you covered . simply connect your usb flash memory drive to the printer 's usb direct interface , and enjoy fast printing without the need for a computer . this saves time and provides added convenience in a fast-paced office setting . the hl-4070cdw also supports quick and easy direct printing of images from any pictbridge-enabled digital camera without having to download them to a computer first . compatible with both windows and macintosh , the brother hl-4070cdw color laser printer measures 16.5 x 18.7 x 12.5 inches ( wxdxh ) and weighs 64.2 pounds . it is backed by a one-year on-site limited warranty . what 's in the box hl-4070cdw laser printer , one tn110bk standard yield black toner cartridge ( approx . 2,500 pages ) , tn110c cyan , tn110y yellow and tn110m magenta standard yield color toner cartridges ( approx . 1,500 pages each ) , and one dr110cl drum unit ( approx . 17,000 pages ) . [ toner yields are approximate based on 5 % page coverage ( letter ) . drum life may vary based on various types of use ] .
day-timer loose-leaf organizer set , 5-1 2 '' x 8-1 2 '' , leather cover , breast cancer awareness pink ribbon ( 48434 ) . our pink ribbon organizer includes everything you need to start planning : 1 year of undated weekly and monthly pages , address phone directory , 2 business card holders , and zip pouch . luxurious pink leather binder made of soft , pebble-grain leather exterior with debossed ribbon logo , with rich , chocolate brown painted edges and topstitching , plus a chocolate suede interior ; suitable for casual or professional use . holds desk size 4 pages : 5-1 2 '' x 8-1 2 '' in a 1 '' 7-ring element . includes pen loop , note pad pocket , angle pocket , and horizontal pocket to organize your business essentials . in 2018 , acco brands is donating $ 25,000 , regardless of sales , to the breast cancer research foundation ( bcrf ) . to date , acco brands has contributed over $ 1,000,000 to bcrf . bcrfs mission is to prevent and cure breast cancer by advancing the world 's most promising research . with a sophisticated leather cover and pink ribbon emblem , the day-timer pink ribbon personal organizer starter set allows you to get organized and support breast cancer research at the same time . day-timer will donate 10-percent of the retail price of this item to the breast cancer research foundation . this pink leather binder has chocolate brown accents , a chocolate suede interior , a snap-tab closure with silver-tone buckle , and a pink ribbon emblem . measuring 5-1 2 x 8-1 2 inches , this organizer 's key features include 12 months of undated weekly and monthly pages , an address and phone directory , and a pen holder .
flash furniture ergonomic stool . this stool is practical for any fast-paced environment . this stool features a uniquely designed raised bar back . the small frame design of a backless stool makes it easy to maneuver around tight spaces with ease . this stool can be used in a multitude of settings including the classroom , doctor 's office , hospital , garage or a workshop .
flash furniture medical ergonomic stool . this backless stool is practical for any fast-paced environment . the small frame design of a backless stool makes it easy to maneuver around tight spaces with ease . this stool can be used in a multitude of environments from the classroom , doctor 's offices , hospitals , garages and workshops . the durable vinyl upholstery makes it easy to clean when working with liquids that can damage and stain your seat . the adjustable height and comfortably cushioned seat makes this stool a great buy to exceed your expectations .
flash furniture black ergonomic stool with foot ring . this backless stool is practical for any fast-paced environment . backless stools force your core muscles to work by sitting up straight and keeping your feet flat on the floor . the small frame design of a backless stool makes it easy to maneuver around tight spaces with ease . the durable circular base provides as an excellent footrest with its wide width . this stool can be used in a multitude of settings including the classroom , doctor 's office , hospital , garage or a workshop .
pentel mechanical pencil eraser refills , z21 , 3 tube , pk - penz21 . refill eraser for pl , pw , p200 , pg series mechanical pencils 4 pcs tube 1-pk pentel co. , ltd. is a privately held japanese company which produces stationery products . the name is a combination of the english words pen and tell . pentel is also the inventor of non-permanent marker technology .
80lb white half fold greeting cards - 100 cards - desktop publishing supplies , inc. brand . our white bi-fold invitations are made from 80lb ( 216 gsm ) card stock and are inkjet printer , laser printer , and copier compatible . each card comes scored and measures 5 1 2 '' x 8 1 2 '' when folded . use our bi-fold cards for wedding invitations , birthday cards , invitations , announcements or greeting cards . item group # 52310 100 greeting cards
sparco cash box , with 2 keys , 10 compartments , 15-2 5 x 10-1 2 x 2-2 5 inches , gy ( spr15500 ) . cash box features a keylock and removable tray with 10 compartments to organize and safeguard your money and other valuables
s.p . richards company cash drawer with removable tray , gray ( spr15504 ) . cash drawer with removable tray mounts above or below counters and includes brackets for easy installation
steelseries qck gaming surface - medium cloth - best selling mouse pad of all time - optimized for gaming sensors . gaming steelseries qck surface
montblanc 162 meisterstuck le grand rollerball pen , black ( 11402 ) . rollerball , barrel and cap made of black precious resin inlaid with montblanc emblem , gold-plated clip and rings .
lorell magnetic dry-erase board , 6 by 4-feet , silver ebony . magnetic dry-erase board is part of the lorell signature series . write on the porcelain surface with dry-erase markers or pin notes on it with magnets . framed board includes hanging hardware and dry-erase marker .
rca visys 25424re1 4-line expandable system speakerphone with call waiting caller id intercom . rca visys 25424re1 corded 4-line speakerphone expandable system : corded phone 4-line operation hearing aid compatible expandable up to 16 stations backlit lcd display ( 4-line ) speakerphone led status indicator 99 name number caller id memory 94 name number phone directory 3-way conference calling 16 station speed dial battery back up in case of power outage ( 4 aaa batteries not included ) adjustable ringer volume control intercom call transfer data port allows the connection of fax machines or modems hold pause flash privacy mode line in use indicator do not disturb mode call timer 2.5mm headset jack 16 programmable one-touch speed dials tri-lingual lcd display ( english spanish french )
hp photosmart c7280 all-in-one printer . hp c7280 photosmart all in one printer . fax color and black and white documents with or without a pc . reprint photos and get quick , crisp copies at the touch of a button . create high quality photo and document scans at up to 4800 dpi resolution and 48 bit color . restore old and faded photos , using hp scanning technology . easily edit , print and share photos , using included hp photosmart essential software . stay efficient with an automatic document feeder and more . fax , scan and copy up to 50 pages while working on other projects , using the automatic document feeder . save paper by using the included duplexer to print on both sides of the paper . share and print from network enabled notebooks and pcs , using built in wireless1 and ethernet . print documents and 4 x 6 in photos without swapping out paper , using an automated photo tray . print lab quality , fade resistant photos and laser quality documents in 6 ink color . easily print photos without a pc , using memory card slots , a 2.4 in display and hp photosmart express . if you 're looking for a single device that prints , faxes , copies , and scans , the hp photosmart c7280 all-in-one printer , scanner , and copier is your answer . the printer has a built-in 2.4-inch display you can use to easily print photos without a pc : simply put your memory card into the memory card slot ( compatible with secure digital multimediacard , compactflash , memory stick , memory stick duo , xd-picture card ) , preview it on the display , and print . enhancing your photos and removing red eye is as simple as pushing the hp red-eye removal button . the hp photosmart c7280 produces lab-quality , fade-resistant photo prints by using a six-ink color system for accurate color reproduction . photos will always print on the correct side of the paper with the right quality settings because of hp auto sense technology . and coupled with hp advanced photo paper , the c6280 is sure to produce photos that are smudge and smear-resistant right from the printer . print speed is outstanding as well , at up to 34 ppm black and 33 ppm color . for those looking to save paper , an included duplexer lets you print on both sides of the paper . sharing the printer with everyone on your network is simple with both built-in wireless and ethernet connectivity . the fax functionality is performed by a 33.6 kbps modem at speeds up to three seconds per page . the built-in memory can hold up to 90 pages and the fax is capable of color faxing , delayed sending , and auto-redialing with a maximum of 48 broadcasting locations . the scanner uses a contact image scanner ( cis ) for scans at up to 4800 dpi optical resolution with a scan size of up to 8.6 by 11.7 inches . the copier supports pages up to this size as well and you can make up to 50 copies in one pass . color copies are supported and there are settings for enlarging and reducing from 50 to 400 percent . hp photosmart c7280 supports windows 2000 , windows me , windows xp home and professional , and windows vista as well as mac os x 10.3.9 and 10.4.x . it is backed by a 1-year warranty . what 's in the box photosmart c7280 all-in-one , power cord , phone cord , 02 black ink cartridge , 02 cyan ink cartridge , 02 magenta ink cartridge , 02 yellow ink cartridge , 02 light cyan ink cartridge , 02 light magenta ink cartridge , set up guide , user 's guide , paper sample pack , installer cd , and two-sided printing accessory .
2 1 4 '' x 85 ' thermal paper ( 50 rolls ) . 2 1 4 thermal paper , thermal paper , cash register -nurit , verifone , casio , first data , hypercom -2.25 thermal paper , credit card machine paper , cr -omni , samsung , sharp , 85 ' , 2 1 4 x 85 ' -paper , transfer paper , thermal paper , receipt roll
wellspring flip note lined refill pad , blank paper , 3 per pack ( 2204 ) . flip note refill pad has 3 pads shrink wrapped together . blank paper
canon pixma mp610 photo all-in-one inkjet printer ( 2180b002 ) . printer , pixma mp610 photo all in 1 the canon pixma mp610 photo all-in-one inkjet printer instantly transforms your home into an efficient office with its patented 4,608-nozzle print head , which produces vivid images and documents with 9600 by 2400 dpi color resolution in seconds ( 21 , to be exact ) . with this all-in-one pixma , you 'll also be able to preview pictures in high resolution on its 2.5-inch tft display before using the simple easy scroll wheel to edit and print from memory cards , digital cameras , dv camcorders , or camera phones . the printer 's high-quality operating system ensures that document copies will be faithful to the originals , scanned photos will look as crystal clear as the real thing , and even hard-to-scan items such as thick notebooks will result in vivid 4800 by 9600 dpi color images . just press the power button and get to work , thanks to the printer 's helpful quick start design . copies come out crisper than ever with the system 's dual color gamut processing technology . even printing off location is a breeze with any compatible bluetooth device when the printer is hooked up to the usb bluetooth adapter . in addition , this printer comes backed by a 1-year limited manufacturer 's warranty . what 's in the box pixma mp610 photo all-in-one printer , cross sell sheet , easy setup instructions , quick start guide , setup software and user 's guide cd-rom , user 's guide , pgi-5 black ink tank , cli-8 ( cyan magenta yellow ) ink tank , power cord , print head , and sample media ( 8.5-by-11.5-inch sheets ) .
canon pixma ip4500 photo inkjet printer ( 2171b002 ) . the canon ip4500 pixma is the photo inkjet printer that produces high resolution pictures right at your home ! like other successful pixma models , this printer is loaded with advanced features that produce high resolution documents and pho that will save you time and money . no matter what type of computer you have , do n't fret because it 's windows and mac compatible . able to handle multiple photo paper sizes , you wo n't have to worry about paper jams that slow you down from enjoying your favorite photos . features printing speed : black : up to 31 ppm ( as fast as 1.9 sec per page ) color : up to 24 ppm ( as fast as 2.5 sec per page ) postcard size ( 4 x-6 '' borderless photo ) : approx . 21 sec photo paper sizes : a4 , a5 , b5 , letter , legal , 10 x 15cm , 13 x 18cm , business cards paper type : 64 to 105g m and up to 273g m resolution : 9600 x 2400 dpi computer interface : usb 2.0 compatible platforms : windows : 2000 xp vista , mac : os x v10.2.8 and later supplied software : windows : easy photo print exn easy webprint , photorecord , cd labelprintmac : easy photo print , cd labelprint included power cordprinter headblack yellow magenta cyan ink cartridges dimensions : 11.9 '' w x 17.5 '' d x 6.3 '' h weight : 15.2 lbs model number : 2171b002 the canon pixma ip4500 is a stylish unit that boasts both a five-color ink system and a 4,608-nozzle print head to deliver wonderfully lifelike color , along with bold , laser-quality text . how does it work ? the print head ejects precision droplets as small as one picoliter , resulting in a breathtaking 9600 x 2400 color dot-per-inch ( dpi ) resolution as well as a truly exceptional level of detail . remarkably efficient , the ip4500 also will print a borderless 4-by-6-inch photo in only about 21 seconds . and you can store both photo paper and plain paper in the two paper trays at the same time , so you 're always ready to print exactly what you need . the user-friendly ip4500 provides lots of options , so you can indulge your creativity . with this system , you get four dye-based inks plus a pigment-based black ink , the option of printing two-sided documents to save paper , and the ability to print right from your infrared-enabled mobile camera phone . simply capture an image with a pictbridge-ready digital camera or dv camcorder , then connect and print -- it 's that simple . and to make sure your favorite shots look their best , the built-in automatic image-fixing feature via easy photoprint ex also helps ensure that each image is as clear and vibrant as possible . what 's in the box pixma ip4500 photo printer , document kit ( cross sell sheet , easy setup instructions , quick start guide ) , setup software and user 's guide on cd-rom , pgi-5 pigment black ink tank , cli-8 ( black cyan magenta yellow ) ink tank , sample media ( five 8.5-by-11-inch sheets and four print alignment sheets ) , power cord , and print head .
canon 2168b002canoscan8800fcolor imagescanner . the canon canoscan 8800f color film negative photo scanner features high-luminance white led lamps , which means it , can scan immediately without warming up . its simple , streamlined design includes seven simple buttons you use to scan , copy , create emails and multi-page pdfs , and automatically scan with an incredible color resolution-up to 4800 by 9600 dpi . with the canoscan 's sophisticated retouching technology , you can improve old and precious photos by digitally removing dust and scratches from antique , faded , or otherwise aging prints . the canoscan 8800f is able to simultaneously scan up to four slides or twelve 35-millimeter frames , using either positives or negatives . in addition , a usb 2.0 interface makes scanning and image transfers faster than ever . sleek and fast , this powerful scanner will impress you the very first time you push power . you 'll quickly produce spectacular results , with max color dpi resolution of 4800 x 9600. seven easy buttons automate the scanning process , so it 's simple to scan , copy and create e-mails and multi-page pdfs . built-in fare 3.0 retouching technology helps to enhance your final images . and to save time , you can batch-scan up to twelve 35mm frames or up to four slides-either positives or negatives . the canon canoscan 8800f color film negative photo scanner features high-luminance white led lamps , which means it can scan immediately without warming up . its simple , streamlined design includes seven simple buttons you use to scan , copy , create emails and multi-page pdfs , and automatically scan with an incredible color resolution -- up to 4800 by 9600 dpi . with the canoscan 's sophisticated retouching technology , you can improve old and precious photos by digitally removing dust and scratches from antique , faded , or otherwise aging prints . the canoscan 8800f is able to simultaneously scan up to four slides or twelve 35-millimeter frames , using either positives or negatives . in addition , a usb 2.0 interface makes scanning and image transfers faster than ever . the canoscan 8800f includes a compact 10.7-by-18.9-by-4-inch design and weighs 9.2 pounds . this flatbed , color , and monochrome scanner is compatible with windows vista , windows xp , windows 2000 , and mac osx 10.2.8 through 10.4.x . it includes a cd-rom with printer driver , setup software , and user 's guide , adobe photoshop elements , arcsoft photostudio , mp navigator ex , newsoft presto ! pagemanager ( windows only ) , and scansoft omnipage se . in addition , the manufacturer offers a 1-year limited warranty . what 's in the box canoscan 8800f color scanner , ac adapter , adobe photoshop elements cd-rom , cross sell sheet , quick start guide , setup software and user 's guide cd-rom , warranty card , film guides ( 35-millimeter negative positive , 35-millimeter negative positive mounted slides , 120 roll film strip ) , power cord , and usb cable .
canon pixma mx310 office all-in-one inkjet printer ( 2184b002 ) ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . with the canon pixma mx310 , this is true high-performance versatility . you 'll quickly print photos with color resolution up to 4800 x 1200 color dpi ; a borderless 4 x 6 '' photo takes only about 46 seconds . the automatic document feeder ( adf ) holds up to 30 originals , so it 's much easier to copy , scan or fax large documents . copies will be remarkably true to the originals , and documents will feature bold , laser-quality text . featuresprecision ink nozzles create high resolution photos up to 4800 x 1200 color dpi microscopic 2 picoliter sized ink droplets produce finely detailed photos produce impressive scans up to 1200 x 2400 dpi with vibrant 48 bit color depth auto image fix : features easy photoprint ex to help you produce amazing results on all your photos print speed : up to 4x6 '' borderless photo as fast as 46 secondsup to 22ppm black as fast as 2.7 seconds per pageup to 17ppm color as fast as 3.5 seconds per page print resolution : up to 600 x 600 dpi blackup to 4800 x 1200 dpi colorcopy speed : up to 22cpm black as fast as 2.7 seconds per pageup to 17cpm color as fast as 3.5 seconds per page scanner max resolutions : optical 1200 x 2400 dpi , interpolated 19,200 x 19,200 dpi 8.5x11.7 '' max document size 20 locations speed dialing fax modem speed 33.6 kbps super g3 color fax : black 3 seconds per page , color 1 minute per page print wirelessly right from your pictbridge enabled mobile camera phone quick start : powering up your printer is now much faster paper sizes : credit card , 4x6 '' , 4x8 '' , 5x7 '' , 8x10 '' , letter , legal , u.s. number 10 envelopes and photo stickers compatibility : windows vista , windows xp , 2000 and mac os x v.10.2.8 to 10.4.x dimension : 18.4 '' l x 17.3 '' w x 9.1 '' h weight : 19 lbs manufacturer product description this is true high-performance versatility . you 'll quickly print photos with color resolution up to 4800 x 1200 color dpi ; a borderless 4 x 6 inch photo takes only about 46 seconds . the automatic document feeder ( adf ) holds up to 30 originals , so it 's much easier to copy , scan or fax large documents . copies will be remarkably true to the originals , and documents will feature bold , laser-quality text . you 'll produce 1200-dpi scans with vibrant 48-bit color depth , and achieve super g3 fax speed in color and b & w . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } this office all-in-one can achieve up to super g3 fax speed in color and b & w . view larger . quality canon inks you 'll love the quality and convenience of canon inks . one ink cartridge contains three high-intensity dye-based color inks for rich photos and graphics ; the other contains a pigment black ink for clear , laser-quality text . these two cartridges are a snap to use , and easy to replace as needed . four high-performance ink tanks powering up your printer is now much faster than previous generations . after pressing the power button , you can begin inputting commands in as little as 5 seconds . quick start for extra productivity in the home or small office , you 'll be able to produce up to 30 ppm black up to 20 ppm color . you can also print a superb 4 x 6 inch borderless print in only about 46 seconds . auto image fix the built-in auto image fix feature helps you produce amazing results on all your photos . first , it categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image correction accordingly . for example , it will automatically brighten faces that are backlit and underexposed , and correct color cast to help ensure more accurate skin tones . automatic document feeder the built-in automatic document feeder ( adf ) holds up to 30 originals , so it 's faster and easier to copy , scan or fax your larger documents .
canon pixma mp970 photo all-in-one inkjet printer ( 2181b002 ) . print resolution : 600 x 600 dpi black ; 9600 x 2400 dpi color * advanced 7-color ink system for accurate , lab-quality prints * text documents : up to 30 pages per minute in black ; up to 22 pages per minute color * photos : borderless 4 '' x 6 '' prints in approximately 35 seconds * built-in two-sided printing * scan up to six frames of 35mm film or four mounted slides at a time * optical resolution : 4800 x 9600 dpi ( 19,200 x 19,200 dpi interpolated ) * 48-bit color depth * copy speed for text documents : up to 30 pages per minute in black ; up to 22 pages per minute color * reduction enlargement : 25-400 % * ethernet port for connecting multiple users in a computer network * 3-1 2 '' color lcd screen * built-in card reader accepts most types of memory cards * direct photo printing with pictbridge-compliant cameras * dual paper tray * quick start function * 7 individually replaceable ink tanks * 1-picoliter sized ink droplets for detailed , grain-free photos * chromalife 100 inks for long-lasting photos * full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) 3,584-nozzle print head * paper sizes : letter ( 8-1 2 '' x 11 '' ) , credit card ( 2-1 8 '' x 3-3 8 '' ) , 4 '' x 6 '' , 4 '' x 8 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 8 '' x 10 '' , u.s. # 10 envelopes * high-speed usb interface * the canon pixma mp970 photo all-in-one inkjet printer lets you preview , scan , copy , and print photographs and documents with one easy machine . this all-in-one printer features a compact , streamlined design that can preview images in high resolution on its 3.5-inch tft display , scan beautiful images with color resolutions up to 9600 by 2400 dpi , or print photos directly from memory cards , cameras , dv camcorders , or camera phones in seconds . the printer 's easy scroll wheel makes operation a breeze . the auto-image fix feature ensures that every photo is clear and vivid -- even when scanning difficult items such as thick notebooks or faded images -- to result in stunning color resolutions up to 4800 by 9600 dpi . this pixma will even allows print or copy two-sided to save paper and space . just press the power button and get to work , thanks to the printer 's helpful quick start design . copies come out crisper than ever with the system 's dual color gamut processing technology . compatible with windows vista , windows xp , windows 2000 , and mac os x 10.2.8 to 10.4.x8 operating systems , this printer comes backed by a 1-year limited manufacturer 's warranty . what 's in the box pixma mp970 photo all-in-one printer , cross sell sheet , easy setup instructions , quick start guide , setup software and user 's guide cd-rom , user 's guide , pgi-5 black ink tank , cli-8 ( cyan magenta yellow ) ink tank , power cord , print head , and sample media ( 8.5-by-11.5-inch sheets ) .
steelseries qck gaming surface - large thick cloth - best selling mouse pad of all time - peak tracking and stability . qck mouse pads are the top choice of esports pros . the legendary micro-woven cloth has made the qck line the worlds best-selling gaming surface . tested by the top mouse sensor manufacturer , the high thread count and smooth surface optimizes mouse tracking accuracy for both optical and laser sensors . durable and washable , the qck is easy to clean and keep in competitive condition .
s.p . richards company name badges , hanging style , 3 x 4 inches , 50 per box , plain white ( spr01615 ) . make employee name badges quickly and easily with hanging name badges
( colors may vary ) . folder offers eight individual pockets to divide your projects into categories . each heavyweight , reinforced pocket holds up to 25 sheets of letter-size documents so the folder stores a total of 200 sheets . rugged double loop wire binding opens flat . super durable poly construction is wear-resistant , tear-resistant and moisture-resistant .
epsonperfectionv500photoscanner . the epson perfection v500 photo offers extraordinary quality and versatility with 6400 dpi resolution and an led light source for greater productivity -- all at an amazing value . remove dust and scratches from slides , negatives and film . or , restore faded color photos with one touch . then , take your photos further with the included adobe photoshop elements . when it 's time to archive important documents , you can scan multiple documents fast with the optional automatic document feeder . it 's all at your fingertips with this powerful performer . best of all , the energy-efficient led means you can work smarter with faster scans and lower power consumption . plus , with no warmup time , it 's easier than ever to get started.reflective scan area 8.5 '' x 11.7 '' . the epson perfection v500 photo offers extraordinary quality and versatility with 6400 dpi resolution and a led light source for greater productivity -- all at an amazing value . remove dust and scratches from slides , negatives and film . or , restore faded color photos with one touch . then , take your photos further with the included adobe photoshop elements . when it 's time to archive important documents , you can scan multiple documents fast with the optional automatic document feeder . it 's all at your fingertips with this powerful performer . best of all , the energy-efficient led means you can work smarter with faster scans and lower power consumption . plus , with no warmup time , it 's easier than ever to get started .
ink cartridges 10-pack lc51 lc-51 ( 4b,2c,2m,2y ) compatible with brother compatible with brother mfc240c , dcp130c , mfc-5460cn , mfc-440cn , mfc-665cw , mfc-5860cn , mfc-3360c . 10pk compatible with brother lc51 ( any color comb . ) ink cart lc-51b , c , m , y fits models : mfc-240c , dcp-130c , mfc-5460cn , mfc-440cn , mfc-665cw , mfc-5860cn , mfc-3360c , mfc-845cw dcp-130c , dcp-330c , dcp-540cn intellifax 1860c , intellifax 2480c , intellifax 1960c ( lc51b lc51c lc51m lc51y lc-51b lc-51c lc-51m lc-51y )
ld compatible toner cartridge replacement for hp 12a q2612a ( black ) .
ld glossy inkjet photo sticker paper ( 8.5x11 ) 100 pack . ld glossy inkjet sticker photo paper 100 sheet pack of 8.5 x 11 inch . great for printing anything youd like to see on a sticker ! this glossy photo paper is specially designed to instantly dry with a high resolution pictures , graphics , and texts . just print , cut out any shape you like , or use the whole sheet as one large sticker . use in the office , at school , or at home . label your files at work , or put a cute sticker on your childs lunch box . this ld paper is water resistant , protecting your stickers for a longer-lasting life-span . in addition , this photo glossy paper is universally coated to use with most inkjet printers in the market today . why buy expensive sticker paper from brand names like avery when our sticker paper is equal in quality and available at a fraction of the cost ? glossy sticker inkjet photo paper for pictures , text and full color graphics . for use in the following printers : photo paper 8.5 x 11 photo
brother mfc-9840cdw laser multifunction center . the mfc-9840cdw is the ultimate color laser multi-function center business solution that offers superior quality color laser printing , faxing , copying and scanning with built-in wireless and ethernet network interfaces . it delivers superior quality color and black laser output at up to 21 pages per minute . it also features automatic duplex printing , copying , faxing and scanning , a legal-size document glass and a 50-sheet auto document feeder . a usb direct interface allows you to print directly from a usb flash drive or pictbridge enabled camera . high capacity replacement toner cartridges are available to help keep your cost per page low , too . take your business productivity to the next level with the brother mfc-9840cdw color laser multi-function center . this multi-function center has a host of user-friendly and versatile features , including built-in wireless and ethernet networking , duplex print , copy , scan and fax capability , a built-in automatic document feeder ( adf ) and high speed faxing capability . it  s legal size flatbed gives you the flexibility to print , copy , scan , and fax paper sizes up to 8.5 x 14 inches ( wxl ) using either the auto document feed or document glass . automatic duplex ( two-sided ) printing plus automatic duplex copying , scanning and faxing using the auto document feeder . view larger . the mfc-9840cdw color laser multi-function center offers : print speed of up to 21 pages-per-minute ( color or mono ) . integrated wireless networking for easy printer sharing . automatic duplex for 2-sided input and output . legal-size document glass . flexible flatbed cover makes it easy to scan , fax and copy bound documents up to 8.5 x 14 inches . view larger . print directly from a flash drive or pictbridge-enabled camera . view larger . all-in-one functionality : print , copy , scan , and fax the brother mfc-9840cdw color laser all-in-one does it all , so you have to do less . it prints at laser-fast speeds of up to 21 pages per minute ( ppm ) in black or color . printing is not only fast , but it looks great too . you get professional print quality at resolutions as high as 2400 x 600 dpi for stellar image-rich documents , presentations , signs , and business reports . when you need copies , the mfc-9840cdw will deliver them at a brisk rate of up to 17 copies per minute ( cpm ) in black or color . thanks to the 35-sheet automatic document feeder ( adf ) , you can take on multi-page faxing , copying or scanning jobs without having to feed paper manually . and the high-capacity dual paper trays hold up to 300 sheets , so you spend less time restocking paper . for even more paper capacity , the mfc-9840cdw can be equipped with an optional 500-sheet paper tray ( sold separately ) to bring the total paper capacity up to 800 sheets . both the paper trays and auto document feeder can handle paper sizes up to 8.5 x 14 inches . the flat-bed document glass can be used to copy , scan or fax irregularly shaped or bound documents up to 8.5 x 14 inches . the mfc-9840cdw scans documents with incredible accuracy at optical resolutions as high as 1200 x 2400 dpi and interpolated resolutions up to 19,200 dpi . you can scan your documents to a variety of formats , including jpeg , tiff , and pdf . for even greater efficiency , the mfc-9840cdw also allows you to scan directly to email , ocr and more . if all that were n't enough , brother has equipped this all-in-one machine with a high speed 33.6k bps super g3 fax modem for ultra-quick faxing . you no longer need to have four separate machines taking up valuable space in the office : the brother mfc-9840cdw takes care of it all -- printing , copying , scanning , and faxing . automatic duplex printing , copying , scanning and faxing for easy two-sided documents produce two-sided documents quickly and easily , thanks to the mfc-9840cdw 's duplex feature that automatically prints on both sides of the paper for professional-looking business documents . automatic duplex also help to lower overall printing costs by reducing paper usage , mailing costs and filing space . duplex fax and copying makes quick work of handling two-sided original documents . simple , easy-to-use interface and built-in memory the integrated and easy-to-read back-lit lcd display guides you through the operation of the mfc-9840cdw . whether you need to fax , print , scan or copy , helpful display prompts make it easy to get started right out of the box . the 16 one-touch keys make it easier to access frequently used functions , and each key is relatively large and easy to read , so it 's a breeze to use any of the mfc-9840cdw 's many features . the mfc-9840cdw features 64 mb of powerful built-in memory for better performance , including the ability to store up to 500 pages of faxes in the event of a power outage or running out of paper or toner . up to 576 mb of additional memory can also be added ( sold separately ) for even greater memory capacity . built-in wireless and wired networking , usb 2.0 and usb direct interfaces the brother mfc-9840cdw offers both wireless and wired networking capabilities , allowing multiple computers within a workgroup to share the machine easily . the mfc-9840cdw supports 802.11b g wireless networking for wide compatibility , and also has a 10 100 base-tx ethernet port . no longer will you need multiple machines at each workstation . with the mfc-9840cdw you get one machine that will do it all for the entire group . other standard connectivity options include a hi-speed usb 2.0 interface to connect directly to your computer , plus a usb direct interface to print from and scan to a usb flash memory drive . it even supports easy , direct printing of images from any pictbridge-enabled digital camera without having to download to a computer first . place the mfc anywhere and print documents wirelessly . durable design for busy offices the mfc-9840cdw is the ideal choice for busy offices that need a high performance multi-function machine built for consistent , reliable performance . it boasts a maximum monthly duty cycle of 35,000 printed pages , so it can handle even the busiest office workloads with ease . the mfc-9840cdw is compatible with both windows and macintosh , and is backed by brother 's one-year on-site limited warranty . what 's in the box mfc-9840cdw color laser multi-function center , one tn-110bkblack toner cartridge ( approx . 2,500 pages ) , tn-110y yellow , tn-110m magenta and tn-110c cyan toner cartridges ( approx . 1,500 pages each ) , drum unit and cd-rom ( includes user manual , drivers and software ) 300-sheet standard paper capacity expandable to 800 sheets . view larger . optional high-yield toner cartridges are available to lower operating costs . related brother products hl-4040cdn color laser printer 21 pages per minute print speed ( color or mono ) . large 300-sheet paper capacity . automatic duplex printing . built-in ethernet port for easy networking . hl-4070cdw wireless color laser printer step up to the hl-4070cdw , which includes all the features of the hl-4040cdn plus : wireless 802.11b g and parallel interfaces . br-script3 emulation . 800-sheet total input capacity via optional paper tray . one-year on-site limited warranty . mfc-9440cn color laser all-in-one 21 pages per minute print speed ( color or mono ) . 800-sheet total input capacity via optional tray . high-speed 33.6k bps fax modem . color or black and white copying at up to 17 cpm up to 35-page auto document feed . ethernet and hi-speed usb 2.0 interfaces standard . mfc-9450cdn color laser all-in-one step up to the mfc-9450cdn , which includes all the features of the mfc-9440cn , plus : automatic duplex printing .
brother lc51bks - black ink cartridge 2 pack . defined lines and smooth edges add class to any presentation . prints page after page of high-quality documents . designed to handle the toughest tasks with ease . device types : fax colors : black page-yield : 500 supply type : ink .
dahle 12e vantage paper trimmer , 12 '' cut length , 15 sheet , automatic clamp , adjustable guide , metal base with 1 2 '' gridlines , guillotine paper cutter . 12in vantage guillotine , sheet capacity : 15 sheets
caran d'ache metal ballpoint pen - black ( 849.009 ) . caran d'ache ballpoint pen metal black
maroon lacquered pen with gold clip . fisher space pens 400mgcl maroon lacquered with gold clip fisher writing instruments write in temperatures from -50 to 250f , underwater , in zero gravity , at any angle even upside down ! that 's why they 're the choice of ski patrols , search and rescue teams , law enforcement agencies , armed forces , and anyone who demands writing reliability in adverse conditions . when closed , bullet space pens are the perfect size to carry in your wallet , pocket , purse , car glove box , organizer or toolbox . when open it 's a full sized , evenly balanced writing instrument . cited as an outstanding example of industrial art , the classic design of the fisher bullet pen has been exhibited for years in the new york museum of modern art . the bullet 's timeless styling has been the topic of many art books and magazine articles . often imitated but never duplicated , the fisher bullet continues to be our most popular pe
fisher space pen men 's bullet space pen with clip . originally created in the 1940s and sent to space with the nasa apollo missions , the fisher space pen is designed to be compact enough to fit in a pocket and yet perfectly balanced when open . the pressurized ink cartridge writes at any angle , upside down , and in extreme hot and cold temperatures . chrome finish and pocket clip .
stabilo point 88 fineliner pens , 0.4 mm - 25-color rollercase set . these fine point pens feature water-based ink in vibrant colors , formulated to sustain a long cap-off time . the uniquely-designed , long-wearing tips are encased in metal , so the pens can be used with rulers and stencils . the caps are ventilated for safety .
noodlers bulletproof blue ghost invisible fountain pen ink . new ! noodlers permanent blue ghost invisible ink . safe for use in all fountain pens ... when you want to write something no one else should see -- under normal light its invisible , under a black light visible ... new 3 oz . bottle ... this ink is new , current product directly from the manufacturer . the bottle is glass with a distinctive noodlers label , and an outside noodlers box . ink is all u.s. made and boasts archival , anti-forgery and anti- feathering features . the ink is specifically designed for fountain pen use .
mustek scan express a3 1200 pro usb large format scanner . scanexpress a3 usb digital scanner tabloid sized scanner with powerful usb connection the mustek scan express a3 1200 pro usb large format scanner is an ideal solution for large-sized scanning needs . with a large , full color cis flatbed , this scanner is capable of creating full color 9600 dpi scans of images and documents up to 297mm x 420mm . with an easy-to-use usb 2.0 interface , this scanner is also capable of performing copies , and can even fax scanned documents with the included software . this scanner is compatible with widows 2000 , xp , vista , and mac os x operating systems .
casio fr-2650tm 2-color professional desktop printing calculator . casio fr2650tm printing calculator
kodak premium photo paper for inkjet printers , gloss finish , 8.5 mil thickness , 100 sheets , 4 x 6 ( 1034388 ) . kodak premium photo paper delivers great quality photos to display and share . this heavy weight paper is ideal for photo albums , snapshots and more . all kodak photo papers are universally compatible to work with any inkjet printer .
carl rm-12 12-inch cutting mat for all 12-inch trimmers . 12-inch replacement cutting mat single pack for rt-200 200n , dc-100 , prt-100 , dc-210n 300 .
smith corona typewriter ribbon coronamatic type iia genuine oem product . smith corona typewriter ribbon cartridge for use with smith corona machines . , we offer a complete unconditional guarantee on this product . , our 1-800 support number takes you directly to a live support person that has full knowledge of this product . , this item is in stock and you can select the shipping method of your choice . , all supplies are freshly manufactured for the specific need and are completely guaranted to fit your machine . , our site is a first-class bbb member and provides the highest credit card security available .
kantek angled cpu stand with casters , 9 x 12 x 7.5 inches , black ( cs250b ) . founded in 1982 , kantek has set the standard for personal customer service , superior design and construction , a high degree of flexibility and responsiveness to the marketplace . the kantek angled cpu stand lifts up your cpu at an ergonomic angle for comfortable access . with a width that adjusts from 6.5 to 10 inches and the ability to tilt and elevate your cpu to any of five angles , it can accommodate virtually any cpu . each cpu stand has 4 swivel casters for easy mobility and sturdy metal back brackets for support and safety . great for use at the office or in the home , the kantek angled cpu stand provides the versatility needed to make your workday run more smoothly .
brother mfc-465cn color inkjet all-in-one printer with networking . the mfc465cn includes a 2 color flip-up lcd display and a 4x6 photo bypass tray . print rich , vibrant borderless photos with a droplet as small as 1.5 picoliters and true2life technology . the mfc465cn can also do other tasks with built-in functions to scan , copy , fax pc fax , and the photocapture center to print high quality color photos from digital camera media cards , pictbridge-enabled camera or usb flash drive . print resolutions up to 6000 x 1200 dpi and color inkjet print speeds ( 30ppm in black and 25ppm in color ) . the brother mfc-465cn color inkjet multi-function center with networking capabilities will print lab-quality photos , scan documents , copy , and even fax . this compact all-in-one machine offers everything that you would need to increase productivity and produce professional-quality results fast from your home or office . print black and white documents and photos as fast as 30 pages per minute and color in 25 ppm , and with a print resolution as high as 6000 x 1200 dpi , you can expect these prints to be extremely sharp and accurate . with a built-in 2 inch lcd display , it 's easy to stay in control of the mfc-465cn whether printing , faxing , scanning , or copying . the mfc-465cn is perfect for any multi-printer setup thanks to its built-in ethernet interface which makes it easy to share this printer throughout the entire office . print without using a computer by utilizing the printer 's media card slot , usb drive , or by printing from any pictbridge-enabled camera . the mfc-465cn can handle up to 100-sheets of paper via the main paper tray and up to 20 4 x 6 inch sheets in the bypass tray . it can handle up to 8.5 x 14 inch ( legal ) paper . the 10-page automatic document feeder makes it a breeze to copy multiple pages at speeds of up to 22 copies per minute . the scanning feature is equally impressive and is capable of scanning high-resolution documents at 600 x 2400 dpi and ultra-high interpolated scan resolutions reaching 19,200 x 19,200 dpi using a windows-based scan utility . compatible with both windows and macintosh , the brother mfc-465cn color inkjet all-in-one measures 15.7 x 14.6 x 7.1 inches and weighs 18.1 pounds . it 's backed by a 1-year limited warranty . what 's in the box brother mfc-465cn
datexx db-403 3-memory checkbook calculator . 3 independent memory locations will let you monitor several accounts at one time : savings , checking and atm transactions .
lorell 4-drawer vertical file with lock , 15 by 25 by 52-inch , black . commercial-grade vertical file features four high-sided drawers that accommodate letter-size , hanging file folders without additional accessories . three-piece , slide suspension allows maximum drawer extension . steel ball bearings provide smooth , quiet drawer performance . vertical file also features a core removable lock , adjustable wire followers and heavy-duty steel construction . vertical file meets or exceeds ansi bifma industry standards .
franklin electronic publishers sa-309 spelling ace thesaurus with merriam-webster puzzle solver . franklin sa309 spelling ace pro & puzzle solver
3m akt151le easy adjust keyboard tray with highly adjustable platform , 17 3 4 '' track , black . enjoy the freedom of lever-free height adjustment and unique lateral adjustment , so you can fine tune the keyboard 's position even in less than ideal workspace situations . compatible with ergonomic keyboards . for straight-on workstations that can accept a 18 '' track . lifetime warranty .
cisco 7942g 7900 series unified ip phone cp-7942g= poe , communications manager required . cisco unified ip phone 7942g is a full-featured ip phone with speakerphone and handset designed for wideband audio . it is intended to meet the needs of needs of transaction-type workers with significant phone traffic . it has two programmable backlit line feature buttons and four interactive soft keys that guide you through all call features and functions . the phone has a large , 4-bit grayscale graphical lcd that provides features such as date and time , calling party name , calling party number , digits dialed , and presence information . the crisp graphic capability of the display allows for the inclusion of higher value , more visibly rich extensible markup language ( xml ) applications , and support for localization requiring double-byte unicode encoding for fonts . a hands-free speakerphone and handset designed for hi-fidelity wideband audio are standard on the cisco unified ip phone 7942g , as is a built-in headset connection and an integrated ethernet switch .
stratford zippered padfolio black color . zippered closure . interior organizer features zippered and gusseted pockets , interior elastic loop , and business card pockets . external pen and usb memory flash drive loop . includes 8.5 '' x 11 '' writing pad .
fujitsu scansnap s300 color mobile scanner . the scansnap s300 is the world 's smallest duplex adf scanner . it 's designed to provide best-in-class performance inside or outside of the home or office . with the s300 scanner , you can view pdf and jpeg files with the thumbnail viewer , arrange files with simple drag and drop actions , easily insert and delete images , change thumbnail display sizes , automatically create searchable pdf files , and make use of a quick drag-and-drop function to send files to e-mail or to a printer . take document scanning to a whole new level with the fujitsu scansnap s300 color mobile scanner . whether you 're at home digitizing receipts , bank statements or term papers , or at the office capturing mission critical documents for a business trip , scansnap takes scanning beyond the desktop and into your world . the scansnap s300 is the world 's smallest duplex adf scanner . it 's designed to provide best-in-class performance inside or outside of the home or office . with the s300 scanner , you can view pdf and jpeg files with the thumbnail viewer , arrange files with simple drag and drop actions , easily insert and delete images , change thumbnail display sizes , automatically create searchable pdf files , and make use of a quick drag-and-drop function to send files to e-mail or to a printer .
fellowes powershred 99ci 100 % jam proof cross-cut paper shredder . the fellowes powershred 99ci cross-cut shredder can shred up to 18 sheets of paper per pass into 397 ( 5 32 x 1-1 2 security level p-4 ) cross-cut particles . this machine also safely shreds cds dvds , credit cards , staples , paper clips and junk mail . achieve hassle-free shredding with all of the features the 99ci has to offer . get three levels of advanced jam prevention with fellowes 100 % jam proof system which eliminates paper jams , powers through tough jobs and maximizes productivity . to protect more than your identity , the patented safesense technology is designed with an electronic safety sensor that surrounds the paper entry and automatically disables the shredder when hands touch the paper opening . also , the 99cis silentshred technology and energy savings system allow this machine to integrate easily to any environment . with the ability to shred for up to 30 minutes before a cool down period is needed , the 99ci is ideal for 1-3 users and includes a 9-gallon pull-out bin . backed by a worry-free 2-year product and service warranty plus lifetime cutter warranty.25.19 '' h x 11.44 '' w x 17.31 '' d
trimline 27.5db amplified phone with ring signaller . you 'll see and hear quite clearly with this sleekly designed phone . it 's lighted , oversized keypad glows in the dark . there 's an easy to reach volume button for instant volume increase and a ring level switch with 3 settings . there 's even a message waiting light and flashing ring indicator on the back of the handset . it 's plain to see , this is the phone that does it all . key features : patented volume boost button designed with features for the hearing impaired aiding 70 % of elderly patients with high-frequency hearing loss ( the boost button increases volume range to 27.5db ) clearing aid voice intensifier with thumbwheel volume control ( boosts amplification and clarification without discomfort to users ear ) extra large lighted ring indicator lighted keypad with oversized keys clear ear sound data port jack note : no redial button additional features : message waiting capability compatible with ac and dc neon and some led systems dual range volume control microphone mute button extra low dual tone ic ringer ring lo-norm-hi switch reset key on handset ( gives you dial tone to make new call after hanging up ) wall mountable extra long fully modular cords fcc etl ul approved includes extra long 11-ft. handset cord and 20-ft. line cord
staedtler mars 780 technical mechanical pencil , 2mm . 780bk . staedtler . staedtler mars technico lead holder . this item is manufactured in germany .
kensington 60718 adjustable keyboard platform with smartfit system , 21-1 4w x 10d , black . fit any size desk space with adjustable platforms . use all 3 platforms for a large mousing area or remove 1 platform to fit just your keyboard . low profile articulating arm simply adjusts 6 '' in height , + -15 tilt and rotates 360 to match your smartfit comfort color . includes a keyboard wrist rest . the kensington modular keyboard platform with smartfit system fits any size desk space with three adjustable platforms . use all three platforms for a large mousing area or remove a platform to fit smaller desk areas . the low-profile articulating arm adjusts six inches in height , tilts + - 15 degrees and rotates 360 degrees to match for optimal ergonomic comfort . this smartfit system also includes a keyboard wrist rest for added comfort while typing . what 's in the box kensington modular keyboard platform system with three platforms and keyboard wrist rest
hp 74 black & 75 tri-color original ink cartridges , 2 cartridges ( cb335wn , cb337wn ) . hp 74 black & 75 tri-color original ink cartridges , 2 cartridges ( cb335wn , cb337wn ) . hp 74 & 75 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet d4260 . hp officejet j5788 , j6480 . hp photosmart c4342 , c4344 , c4382 , c4384 , c4435 , c4440 , c4524 , c4540 , c4550 , c5540 , c5550 . cartridge yield ( approx . ) per cartridge : 200 pages black , 170 pages tri-color . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 74 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 74 & 75 ink cartridges ( cc659fn ) colors : black , tri-color . < ! -- .headerm { color : # 000000 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:24px ; font-weight : bold ; margin:0 ; padding:0 0 10px ; top : 30px ; text-transform : uppercase ; text-align : left ; } .aplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .subheader { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:14px ; font-weight : bold ; text-align : left ; text-transform : uppercase ; } .acontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } .acontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .style3 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif } .sup-text { font-size : 11px ; } hr.dashed { border-top:1px dashed # 999999 ; color : # ffffff ; height:1px ; margin:3px 0 ; clear : left ; } ul { padding-left:1.1em ; margin-left : 0px ; list-style-position : outside ; *remove indents from list* } li { margin : .6em 0 ; * space btwn lists * } .legal { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:9px ; font-weight : normal ; text-align : left ; line-height:12px ; } -- >
excelmark from the library of personal hand embosser . customizable in the style shown , this personal embosser is precision-crafted to make raised impressions on your book pages , as well as envelopes , stationery , official documents , napkins and more . our excelmark embossers include a state-of-the-art , new mechanism that creates embossed images with minimal effort . emboss multiple sheets of paper at one time or emboss up to 80 lb . paper with ease . embossers add a touch of class and sophistication and make great gifts for family , friends and business associates .
return address name embosser seal . ideal embossers are precision crafted with heavy-duty frames to give crisp impressions on envelopes , stationery , greeting cards , books , photos , foil labels , or valuable documents . ideal is the most popular embosser sold worldwide . choose from a 1in x 2in rectangular die or a 1-5 8in round die with your personalized text . embossers add a mark of distinction and they make great gifts for family , friends , and business associates .
elegant desk embosser - gold . these elegant precision made , cast desk embossers make a fine addition to any desk or office . the embossers are metal cast , then individually polished by hand to create a smooth , beautiful surface . they are available with a baked-on black epoxy finish , a plated 24k lustrous gold flashed finish or a lustrous chrome plated finish . the die holders are removable and interchangeable , and are available in standard 1 5 8 '' ( 41mm ) diameter and 1 '' x 2 '' ( 26mm x 51mm ) rectangular die sizes . great for executive gifts , notaries , lawyers , personal embossers , name and address and much more . a perfect gift for the person who has everything !
elegant desk embosser - black . these elegant precision made , cast desk embossers make a fine addition to any desk or office . the embossers are metal cast , then individually polished by hand to create a smooth , beautiful surface . they are available with a baked-on black epoxy finish , a plated 24k lustrous gold flashed finish or a lustrous chrome plated finish . the die holders are removable and interchangeable , and are available in standard 1 5 8 '' ( 41mm ) diameter and 1 '' x 2 '' ( 26mm x 51mm ) rectangular die sizes . great for executive gifts , notaries , lawyers , personal embossers , name and address and much more . a perfect gift for the person who has everything !
3m akt91le easy adjust keyboard tray with standard platform , 17 3 4 '' track , black . enjoy height and tilt adjustability - and the ergonomic benefits that come with it - for less than other 3m premium keyboard trays . compatible with ergonomic keyboards . for corner or straight-on workstations that can accept a 18 '' track . five-year warranty .
travelers notebook brown leather ( 1 , 1 lb ) .
traveler 's notebook black leather . size : 8.4x5.1 inches ( 21.313 cm ) weight:0.82 oz ( 23g )
polycom cx100 speakerphone for microsoft lync 2013 and lync 2010 . the polycom cx100 speakerphone delivers remarkable , wide-band audio quality that enables seamless voice and video communications with no compromises . enjoy hands-free calls that dont require you to wear your headset . or , plug into the built-in stereo headphone port for private conversations .
fellowes 5221502 self-laminating sheets , 3mil , 12 x 9 1 4 ( box of 50 ) . fellowes , the leader in laminating products , delivers the best performance and quality to preserve and protect important documents . fellowes laminators can be used in the home , office , or classroom for creating quick , long-lasting professional and fun projects . you can make menus , signs and posters durable . quickly and easily laminate photos , business cards , picture cards , and certificates . create bookmarks , calendars , flash cards , or jewelry with ease . fellowes laminators feature robust roller systems for quick , consistent lamination and quality throughput at high speeds . by providing the best laminator technology we ensure smooth , high quality laminating results . add durability and a professional look to all kinds of projects with fellowes laminating sheets . these self-adhesive , 9-by-12-inch , 3-millimeter gloss sheets can be used to laminate one or both sides of important documents . since a machine is not required for their use , these sheets are ideal for laminating heat sensitive materials or finishing off art projects . they can be trimmed to fit various document sizes . what 's in the box pack of 50 9 x 12-inch , 3mm fellowes gloss self-adhesive laminating sheets add durability and a professional look to all kinds of projects with fellowes laminating sheets . these self-adhesive , 9-by-12-inch , 3-millimeter gloss sheets can be used to laminate one or both sides of important documents . since a machine is not required for their use , these sheets are ideal for laminating heat sensitive materials or finishing off art projects . they can be trimmed to fit various document sizes . what 's in the box pack of 50 9 x 12-inch , 3mm fellowes gloss self-adhesive laminating sheets
qcm 8200m heavy duty desktop stack paper cutter . the qcm 8200m heavy duty desktop stack paper cutter has the ability to cut up to 360 sheets up to 12-3 8 '' wide .
3m under-desk cpu holder , width adjusts from 3.5 '' to 9.3 '' and height adjusts from 12.5 '' to 22.5 '' to fit most cpu 's up to 50 lbs , 360 swivel , steel construction , 17 '' track , black , ( cs200mb ) . with the 3m adjustable under-desk cpu holder , placing your cpu in a convenient , accessible place has never been easier . the 360 degree swivel ensures easy access cables and ports on the back of cpu . it mounts to the underside of your work surface on 17 '' glide track to keep it conveniently accessible . it is width adjustable from 3.5 '' to 9.3 '' and height adjustable from 13.5 '' to 22.5 '' to fit most cpu 's . sturdy steel construction holds 50 lbs . black . 5 year warranty . desktop organization view larger view larger cs200mb adjustable under-desk cpu mount placing your cpu in a convenient , accessible place has never been easier . 360 degree swivel ensures wasy access to the back of cpu . mounts to the underside of you work surface on 17 inch glide track to keep it conveniently accessible . sturdy steel construction . great for mobile or rolling workstations .
hammermill paper , premium color copy paper 8.5 x 11 paper , letter size , 32lb paper , 100 bright , 1 ream 500 sheets ( 102630r ) acid free paper . hammermill premium printer paper  thick paper for color printing hammermill premium color copy paper provides a versatile sheet which is perfect for color intensive project as well as offers dependable performance on all office machines . this case of paper is available in 8.5x11 paper , letter size paper , 11 x 17 copy paper , ledger size paper , 8.5 x 14 legal size paper , digital sizes and 3 hole punch . this printing paper can be used as inkjet printer paper , laser printer paper , laserjet printer paper or copier paper , and this white copy paper is available in a ream of paper or a case of paper . bulk pallet options are also available . this acid-free paper prevents yellowing over time to ensure a long-lasting appearance . premium copier paper is fsc certified and made in the usa . next time you print paper , choose hammermill premium heavy paper . premium paper specs : premium lines : hammermill paper premium color copy paper , hammermill paper laser print , hammermill paper premium laser gloss and hammermill premium color copy cover pack sizes : come in a case of paper or a ream of paper style : high quality printer paper , presentation paper , laser paper , laserjet paper brightness : 100 bright copy paper basis weight : heavy paper , thick paper  comes in 28 lb paper and 32 lb paper size options : printer paper 8.5 x 11 paper , 8.5 x 14 paper legal , 11 x 17 copy paper ledger , 3 hole punch paper , 17 x 11 paper , 12 x 18 paper,18 x 12 paper , 19 x 13 ( not 13 x 19 paper ) category : presentation paper , flyer paper , brochure paper , thick paper , high end color printing , office supplies , inkjet paper , laserjet paper , laser paper , glossy paper engineered for excellent printability hammermill printer and copy paper brand is manufactured by international paper and offers a number of basis weights , colors and finishes for every printing paper need . please check out our other international paper brands and unique office products such as our bristol paper , vellum paper , laserjet paper , laser jet paper , card paper , cover paper , stock paper , glossy cardstock , paper office products , white cardstock , colored cardstock paper and more . hammermill printing paper also offers a number of additional products in the office products category such as laser printer paper , laser paper , inkjet printer paper , inkjet paper , glossy paper , recycled printer paper , presentation paper , multipurpose paper , flyer paper , office paper , letter paper , a4 paper for printer , acid free paper , white paper , computer paper , copier paper , copy paper and printer paper
brother hl-2140 laser printer . the hl-2140 is an affordable , monochrome laser printer . perfect for home or home office use , it features fast printing at up to 23ppm , hq resolution ( up to 2400 x 600 dpi ) for high-quality output , and a toner save mode to extend toner life . in addition , the printers space-saving design will maximize your desk or shelf space . the hl-2140 provides flexible paper handling via an enclosed 250-sheet capacity tray and a manual by-pass slot for printing envelopes and letterhead . it also offers 8mb of memory standard along with compatibility for both windows and mac , and a one year limited warranty . ideal for both home and office use , the affordable brother hl-2140 personal laser printer features a space-saving ergonomic design that wo n't take up valuable workspace and prints up to 23 pages per minute at a high-quality resolution . this efficient high performance printer will give your work and personal documents a polished finish colleagues and friends are sure to envy . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } the brother hl-2140 personal laser printer offers : fast , 23 pages-per-minute performance . high-quality ( 2400 x 600 resolution ) prints . space-saving design . the hl-2140 is simple to operate with clearly labeled buttons . the paper tray has a capacity of 250 sheets . versatile and professional this monochrome laser printer not only warms up in less than 10 seconds and prints up to 23 pages per minute to give you near-instant access to important reports , documents , and annual family letters when you need them , it also includes a manual bypass feeder for professional printing on envelopes and letterhead . the high-quality resolution ( up to 2400 x 600 dpi ) of this black-and-white laser printer will give you professional results with each job while saving you printing costs . the printer also includes 8 mb of memory , and a 250-sheet capacity tray that can conveniently accommodate both standard and legal paper . ergonomic and energy efficient the brother hl-2140 14.5-by-14.2-by-6.7-inch design is compact enough to free up valuable work space on your desk or shelf . the unit 's efficient design also features a toner save mode for extended toner life as well as a sleep mode . easy to set up and a breeze to use , this printer is compatible with both mac and windows operating systems , and includes an animated user-friendly tutorial to help answer common support and maintenance questions . for added peace of mind , this machine is energy star compliant , which means it helps save the environment while saving you money . ( energy star is a joint program of the u.s. environmental protection agency and the u.s. department of energy promoting energy efficiency ) . this personal laser printer is backed by a one-year limited manufacturer 's warranty . what 's in the box hl-2140 laser printer , starter toner cartridge , dr360 drum unit and instruction kit .
hp officejet h470 mobile printer . hp h470 office jet mobile printer . get the best solution for printing on the go . the hp officejet h470 mobile printer series with optional wireless capability provides a complete mobile printing system . get more done with the worlds fastest mobile printer . with print speeds up to 22 pages per minute ppm black and white and up to 18 ppm color , this printer is way ahead of the competition . save ink and money our specially formulated inks are designed for efficiency . plus , this printers hp vivera ink cartridge prints more pages than the ink cartridges that support competing mobile printers . easily print in cars , clients offices , or even airports , with optional bluetooth and wifi adapters . print from a variety of mobile devices including your notebook pc , pda , digital camera , phone , or memory card using the printers usb port . count on this rugged , durable printer to perform consistently day in and day out . we drop tested the printer to ensure it can handle the rigors of daily travel and we are confident that you will experience equally impressive results . experience hassle free printing . print large jobs easily with the fold up 50 sheet paper feeder . receive convenient low ink alerts and shop for supplies using hp suresupply . improve efficiency and flexibility . the printer works with multiple operating systems including windows , macintosh , palm os , and more . plus , with a duty cycle of up to 500 pages a month , it is perfectly calibrated to meet the needs of even the busiest mobile professional . from the manufacturer want to print business documents that make the right impact ? then you need an hp officejet . get professional-quality printing at a price your business can afford . specifications : features : print business documents on the go  bring this lightweight printer ( only 4.5 pounds ) wherever the job takes you  the rugged design was drop-tested to make sure it can handle your day on the go  print from notebook pcs , pdas , cell phones and digital cameras using the usb port or an optional wireless adapter ( 2 )  use the memory card slots to print from a secure digital multimedia card  save time with the world  s fastest mobile printer ( 3 )  ultra-compact , fold-up paper tray holds up to 50 pages or 5 envelopes boost your business image  create professional-quality documents on the go  print the exact quantities you need to save money and paper  produce documents on the spot to avoid having outdated or extra copies for business templates and tips on growing and marketing your business , visit the hp creative studio at www.hp.com print . save energy  count on this energy star qualified product remember compatible ink , paper and accessories  hp , the # 1 brand in ink is the # 1 value  count on laser-quality black text , vibrant color graphics and sharp-looking photos using original hp vivera inks  print up to 65 % more pages than bargain inks ( 4 ) using original hp ink  create professional-quality business documents using a variety of original hp paper  connect your pc to this hp printer easily using a usb cable see all the compatible ink and recommended papers here recycle  recycle your print cartridges for free : visit www.hp.com recycle for details in 2006 , hp recycled more than 164 million pounds of hardware and print cartridgesthe same weight as 600 jumbo jets . energy star and the energy star logo are registered u.s. marks .
brother hl-2170w 23ppm laser printer with wireless and wired network interfaces . the hl-2170w is a network , monochrome laser printer that is ideal for home or home office printer sharing . it features network connectivity via ethernet and wireless interfaces , a fast print speed of up to 23ppm , hq resolution ( up to 2400 x 600 dpi ) for high-quality output , and quick processing with 32mb memory . the hl-2170w provides flexible paper handling via an enclosed 250-sheet capacity tray and a manual by-pass slot for printing envelopes and letterhead . it also offers a toner save mode to extend toner life and wide compatibility with support for windows and mac and pcl6 emulation . amazon.com product description ideal for both home and office use , the affordable brother hl-2170w laser printer features network connectivity via wireless wired interfaces , and prints up to 23 pages per minute at a high-quality resolution , giving your work and personal documents a polished finish colleagues and friends are sure to envy . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } the brother hl-2170w personal laser printer offers : built-in wired and wireless networking for printer sharing . fast , 23 pages-per-minute performance . high-quality ( 2400 x 600 resolution ) prints . with built-in wireless networking , everyone on your network can easily share the printer . the manual by-pass slot lets you print envelopes and letterhead . versatile and professional this monochrome laser printer not only warms up in less than 10 seconds and prints up to 23 pages per minute to give you near-instant access to important reports , documents , and annual family letters when you need them , it also includes a manual bypass feeder for professional printing on envelopes and letterhead . the high-quality resolution ( up to 2400 x 600 dpi ) of this personal black-and-white laser printer reflects the time and care that you put into each document , while giving you the benefits of low cost per page laser output . the printer also includes 32 mb memory , and a 250-sheet capacity tray that can conveniently accommodate standard , legal , and custom-sized paper . built-in wired and wireless networking perfect for family or home offices , the hl-2170w gives you the option to connect the printer via usb , ethernet , or 802.11b g wireless networking . brother makes wireless setup a snap ; for users with wireless access points that support secureeasysetup , wi-fi protected setup , or aoss , you can automatically configure your wireless settings by simply pressing a button on your router . ergonomic and energy efficient the brother hl-2140 17.9-by-18.7-by-14.2-inch efficient design features a toner save mode for extended toner life as well as sleep mode . easy to set up and a breeze to use , this printer is compatible with both mac and windows operating systems , and includes an animated user-friendly tutorial to help answer common support and maintenance questions . for added peace of mind , this machine is energy star compliant , which means it helps save the environment while saving you money . ( energy star is a joint program of the u.s. environmental protection agency and the u.s. department of energy promoting energy efficiency ) . this personal laser printer is backed by a one-year limited manufacturer 's warranty . what 's in the box hl-2170w laser printer , starter toner cartridge and instruction kit .
parker jotter retractable ballpoint pen , medium , stainless steel with barrel , colors may vary ( 78033 ) . offers a sleek , streamlined design crafted from stainless steel for a professional look . answers the call for a lifetime of durability and service . retractable to protect pockets and purses . global product type : pens ; pen type : ballpoint ; special ink type : n a ; pen style : retractable .
aleene 's 15633 ok to wash-it 4oz . aleene 's ok to wash it glue . 4 ounces . this glue is perfect for permanently bonding accents and fabric to fabric , no need for a needle and thread ! make your creative ideas stick with this specialized glue
brother genuine high yield toner cartridge , black toner , page yield up to 2,600 pages , tn360 . the use of brother genuine replacement high-yield toner cartridges like the tn-360 produces sharp , black and white pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother tn-360 replacement laser black toner cartridge is for use with 8 brother laser printers . this professional cartridge is intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison without compromising the quality of the print . the brother genuine tn-360 replacement high-yield black toner cartridge can print approximately 2,600 pages ( 1 ) . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . this replacement cartridge is for use with the following brother printers and all-in-ones ; dcp7030 , dcp7040 , hl2140 , hl2170w , mfc7340 , mfc7345n , mfc7440n , and mfc7840w .
sb-100 pro 25 universal employee time clock ( industry first : manage timecards via usb , network or web ) . no monthly fee . . sb-100 pro 2.0 employee time clock from icon time systems is an industry first web enabled time clock that eliminates the complexities of a conventional automated time clock in the market today ! with software built right into the clock , set up is a breeze as theres no software to install . simply connect the time clock either to your office network or to your computer using one of the multiple connectivity options included . this user-friendly automated time clock solution does n't stop with employee time collection and calculation of employee timecards . the sb-100 pro 2.0 streamlines your payroll process and includes payroll exports to send hours information directly to quickbooks . start saving time and money right away ! no monthly fees and internet connection is not required . features and benefits : proactive homepage alerts notify manager of overtime , punches and more mac compatible time clock includes 25 employee capacity , easily expandable to 250 employees view time worked directly at the clock calculates 2 levels of standard , overtime , and consecutive day ( california ) overtime hours access from multiple pcs , no additional licensing required includes quickbooks payroll , paychex online , payroll , .csv and adp exports supports weekly , bi-weekly , semi-monthly , and monthly pay periods keeps data and time if power is lost optional automatic lunch deduction tracks time spent during paid breaks real-time reporting provides time worked , attendance sheets , exception reports and more free 30-day set up support systems requirements : compatible with windows pc , mac , linux , ipad , and smartphone non-windows based pc require network time clock to be connected to the network payroll exports : quickbooks , paychex online payroll and adp require windows based pc internet connection and network configuration required for remote access over internet .
epson stylus photo r1900 large format photo printer ( c11c698201 ) . the epson r1900 sets a new standard in glossy printing . this powerful , wide-format printer offers incredible versatility so you can explore all your creative aspirations . with epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 pigment ink , the r1900 delivers vibrant photos up to 13 inches wide . offering the highest level of media versatility of any printer in its class , this remarkable performer prints on a wide variety of media types including glossy , luster , matte and fine art papers . the epson r1900 also includes innovative radiance technology , co-developed by r.i.t. , to maximize the color gamut while simultaneously optimizing print quality . radiance technology reduces grain , provides smoother color transitions and ensures colors stay consistent in virtually any lighting condition . it also boasts incredible performance when it comes to higher resolution printing . so , explore your creativity and achieve superior results with the epson r1900 . epson stylus photo r1900 printerextraordinary prints that shine the epson stylus photo r1900 sets a new standard in glossy photo printing . this powerful , wide-format printer offers incredible versatility so you can explore all your creative aspirations . with epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 pigment ink , the r1900 delivers vibrant photos up to 13 inches wide . this remarkable performer prints on a wide variety of media types including glossy , luster , matte and fine art papers . the r1900 also includes innovative radiance technology for truer , more lifelike color and detail . it also boasts incredible speed , even with higher resolution printing . so , explore your creativity and achieve superior results with the epson stylus photo r1900 . epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 this 8-color , reformulated pigment ink set includes new red and orange ink cartridges , ensuring an astonishing range of colors and smooth , natural skin tones . additional advancements to the ink set make it possible to achieve intense greens with richer blues . an enhanced gloss optimizer delivers a uniform gloss finish and an unprecedented glossy feel . and , because the epson stylus photo r1900 also features auto-switching between photo and matte black ink , this advanced ink set is able to deliver the deepest blacks and boldest colors on virtually any media type . with instant-dry properties and immediate color stability , epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink produces archival prints that are smudge , fade and water resistant . what the press is saying : `` overall , i love this r1900 printer . you can use it for printing photos of all sizes and will end up with fantastic results that look better than most photo labs . '' jonathan cost , thinkmac.net ( 3.2.2011 ) `` the r1900 handles color with more smoothness and aplomb than its competitors , and unlike them comes with a roll-paper attachment and cd dvd printing capability . '' russell hart , american photo ( 6.1.2008 ) `` epson 's inkjet produces the best glossy photos we 've seen from any printer priced under $ 1,000 ... if you love the look of glossy photos , there 's no better printer on the market right now . '' james galbraith , macworld ( 12.3.2008 ) `` many scrapbookers agree that the epson 1900 is the best printer on the market for printing out vividly colored pages . '' laura young , kaboose.com ( 11.1.08 ) `` epson has been trying to engineer a pigment printer optimized for producing the best glossy output possible , and with the r1900 , they 've succeeded . you wo n't find another printer that produces glossy output this good for under $ 2,000 . '' ben long , creativepro.com ( 6.18.08 ) `` for a printer that covers most bases well and really shines at color output , the r1900 is a winner . overall , print quality and handling are superior , and the subtle colors and smooth graduations are a pleasure . '' john blackford , shutterbug ( 8.1.08 ) `` to see it print that fastand come out with such precision in color , and unsurpassed quality , i was absolutely positively shockedso folks , i would 100 % recommend this printer '' adrienne looman , house of color blog ( 11.24.08 ) radiance technology epson partnered with world-renowned color scientists at the rochester institute of technology to develop radiance technology , an advanced mathematical architecture that optimizes the use of each color more efficiently to maximize the total color gamut . radiance also ensures smoother color transitions , reduced grain and more consistent color under different lighting conditions . the result is a truer photographic look with the best color possible . improved print speeds with the epson stylus photo r1900 , you can produce high resolution prints at even faster speeds than its predecessor , the epson stylus photo r1800 . print at 5760 x 1440 optimized dpi , and you  ll see a speed improvement of up to 60 percent . now , you can produce an 11x14 glossy enlargement at the highest resolution in as fast as 2 minutes , 38 seconds . * multiple paper paths direct cd dvd printing print panoramas up to 13  x 44  long ! remarkable media versatility the epson stylus photo r1900 has the versatility to accommodate a wide variety of media types including cut-sheet , fine art and roll-fed media . and , it can create borderfree prints in many popular sizes including 4x6 , 5x7 , 8x10 , 8.5x11 , 11x14 , 12x12 , 13x19 and more . present your photography or creative ideas on virtually any media surface . produce unparalleled glossy and semi-gloss prints . explore your creativity with different fine art textures and even canvas . print spectacular panoramas up to 13x44 . or , print directly onto cd dvds for clean , professional results without messy labels . advanced micropiezo print head with amc our advanced micropiezo print head with amc ( advanced meniscus control ) is at the core of epson  s advanced ink jet technology , which enables the epson stylus photo r1900 to deliver such incredible detail . this permanent , high-performance print head can create variable sized droplets as small as 1.5 picoliters and place them with incredible precision . this professional print head also incorporates an ink-repelling coating which decreases maintenance and increases reliability . the result ? precision prints  every time . in fact , each ink droplet is so minute , dots are virtually indiscernible . features benefits get exceptionally glossy prints with epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 pigment ink print photos with greater color vibrancy and more natural skin tones with epson  s new red and orange inks achieve lifelike print quality and color with radiance technology produce professional-quality prints faster with improved print speeds achieve rich blacks on any media with auto-switching photo and matte black ink create amazing panoramas with included roll paper support print professional looking cds and dvds receive specialized support for the r1900 from a dedicated team at epson what  s in the box epson stylus photo r1900 ink jet printer one photo black ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink cartridge ( t087120 ) one matte black ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink cartridge ( t087820 ) one cyan ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink cartridge ( t087220 ) one magenta ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink cartridge ( t087320 ) one yellow ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink cartridge ( t087420 ) one red ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink cartridge ( t087720 ) one orange ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink cartridge ( t087920 ) two gloss optimizer ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 cartridges ( t087020 ) cd print tray and software roll paper holder accessory usb cable not included single sheet guide printer documentation cd-rom containing printer drivers and software ( windows and macintosh ) *color photo speed in best photo rpm mode on premium photo paper glossy measured from start of paper feed . additional print time will vary based on system configuration , software application and page complexity . see www.epson.com printspeed for more information about print speeds .
national hardware s825-521 8208 magnetic doorstops in nickel . holds door open with magnetic catch . gentle tug releases hold avoiding damage to walls . rigid stop installs to wall or floor and magnetic catch mounts to door . using magnets , this innovative door stop holds doors securely open to protect walls and prevent doors from slamming shut . gently tug to release the door . door stop can mount to either floor or wall . easy to install with all mounting hardware included . the stanley limited lifetime warranty warrants product to the original purchaser for its useful life against deficiencies in material and workmanship . see www.stanleyhardware.com for complete warranty disclosure .
safco products 5211bl onyx mesh rolling file cube , letter size , black . get onyx organized . durable , contemporary mesh creates practical organization . this letter-size mobile file cube keeps hanging files easily accessible while allowing storage under your desk or work surface . collapsible drawer design makes assembly a snap . easy storage and access is only a push away . steel construction with durable powder coat finish . mobile on four swivel casters , 2 locking .
magicjack : pc to phone jack . add magicjack telephone adapter to your pc and you can make telephone calls within the usa and canada for free ! skype uses a peer-to-peer network , whereas magicjack uses a dedicated telephone networkother voip carriers do not have dedicated telephone networks , and lease this service from other companies . that means higher costs and poorer reliability . magicjack uses its own dedicated telephone network . you can use magicjack with either a regular telephone handset , or with a headset . you can also use both , and switch between the two . you can move magicjack between internet providers . you can use magicjack from anywhere in the world ( where broadband web access is available ) . it requires - pc - windows xp or vista operating system ; ( mac apple expected soon ) ; broadband , high-speed internet , cable internet , dsl - wifi - wimax magicjack comes with an easy-to-use device to allow you to use a regular telephone handset . service is free for 1st year . $ 20 per year thereafter . the magicjack uses your computer and internet service so you can make local and long distance calls in the u.s. and canada with no monthly bills . first you connect any household phone to magicjack . then you plug magicjack into an available usb port on your computer , using the supplied extension cord if needed . finally you wait for the completion screen to appear to use your phone like you always have . installation is simple and takes 60 seconds .
dacasso walnut and leather desk pad with side-rails,34 by 20 inch . this 34 by 20-inch-inch desk pad features walnut side-rails with a top-grain leather inlay . this pad protects your desktop , provides a fantastic writing surface , and adds a hint of elegance to your office !
at & t 993 2-line phone w caller id charcoal . the at & t 993 corded 2-line speakerphone is perfect for a small business that needs a telephone that supports two lines . you can make and receive calls by using the keypad and speakerphone in the base station . the phone 's three-party conferencing lets you conduct business with three people conversing together on three different lines . automatic line selection means that when the phone is ringing and you pick up , you will be connected to the one that is ringing . you can also set up different ringtones for each of the lines.a large display provides easy to read text for setup and caller information . the phone has a 100 entry memory and a 99 name and number caller id history . numbers stored in the caller id history can be dialed directly and with call waiting-capable caller id , you can see who is calling even when you are already on the line . if you subscribe to a voicemail service , a red light blinks when you have voicemail waiting . for hands free operation , the 2.5 millimeter jacks lets you connect a headset . the at & t 993 corded 2-line speakerphone is perfect for a small business that needs a telephone that supports two lines . you can make and receive calls by using the keypad and speakerphone in the base station . the phone 's three-party conferencing lets you conduct business with three people conversing together on three different lines . automatic line selection means that when the phone is ringing and you pick up , you will be connected to the one that is ringing . you can also set up different ringtones for each of the lines . a large display provides easy-to-read text for setup and caller information . the phone has a 100-entry memory and a 99-name-and-number caller id history . numbers stored in the caller id history can be dialed directly ; and with call waiting-capable caller id , you can see who is calling even when you are already on the line . if you subscribe to a voicemail service , a red light blinks when you have voicemail waiting . for hands-free operation , the 2.5-millimeter jacks lets you connect a headset .
at & t 1856 corded speakerphone with digital answering system ( white ) . at & t 1856 corded speakerphone with digital answering system ( white ) the at & t 1856 corded speakerphone with digital answering system offers the home-user peace of mind thanks to its power failure operation that does n't require batteries . the speakerphone features three one-touch memory buttons and a 9-number speed dial . the phone is caller id and call waiting capable with a 50 name number caller id history , and features a visual message waiting and new call indicator . a large , lcd display with adjustable contrast controls allows for easy visibility regardless of the lighting . a built-in answering system features all-digital operation for utmost reliability and speed . the at & t 1856 has memory for 19 minutes of digital recording time , and there is a call screening function that lets you intercept only the calls you want . message guard technology prevents you from losing any information in the case of a power failure . the at & t 1856 is desk- and wall-mountable .
at & t sl82318 dect 6.0 cordless phone , silver gray , 3 handsets . the at & t sl82318 cordless phone comes with three handsets , an answering system and caller id . dect 6.0 technology delivers unsurpassed range , sound quality and security , while ensuring wireless networks and other electronic devices do n't interfere with conversations . you can take and make calls in the basement , backyard and garage with exceptional sound quality . the sl82318 features three options for hands-free communication , which is useful for meetings , multi-tasking , conference calling and long on-hold times . each handset in the system is equipped with a speakerphone on the back . the handsets also come with 2.5 mm standard headset jacks and are compatible with most corded headsets . dect 6.0 digital three handset cordless telephone with answering system and caller id integrated digital answering system with remote access . view larger . ideal for busy families and the most demanding home businesses , the at & t sl82318 cordless phone comes with three handsets , an answering system and caller id . dect 6.0 technology delivers unsurpassed range , sound quality and security , while ensuring wireless networks and other electronic devices do n't interfere with conversations . in fact , wyle labs , an independent laboratory , has confirmed that at & t dect products perform up to 45 % better in range competitions against similarly equipped phones from the leading competition . that means you can take and make calls in the basement , backyard and garage with exceptional sound quality . the sl82318 features three options for hands-free communication , which is useful for meetings , multi-tasking , conference calling and long on-hold times . each handset in the system is equipped with a speakerphone on the back . the handsets also come with 2.5 mm standard headset jacks and are compatible with most corded headsets .
pentel energel deluxe rtx gel ink pens , 0.7 millimeter metal tip , assorted colors , 6 pack ( bl77bp6m ) . pen comes with black , red , blue , green , or violet ink . energel rtx liquid gel pen the energel family of liquid gel pens offers a variety of choices from retractable to capped , fine point to bold , several barrel styles , and a wide selection of vibrant ink colors . with so many options , you 're sure to find an energel pen that matches your style . energel rtx pens come with either black , red , blue , green , or violet ink . however , they can be refilled with any energel refill available in a variety of other vibrant colors to match your mood and keep your writing instrument unique to you . energel ink dries super fast , which is why left-handed writers love energel -- no smears , no smudges , no globs . energel liquid gel ink is a high performance ink technology that combines the best qualities of liquid and gel ink for a super smooth writing experience . liquid ink characteristics provide an easy flowing ink supply , while gel ink characteristics include smoothness of writing , vibrant colors and fast-drying capability . do n't toss out your pens ! did you know that over 90 % of energel products are refillable ? why throw away your pen and contribute to landfills when you can replace your depleted ink cartridge with any size and or color energel refill . help the environment while saving money ! pentel has been committed to protecting the environment for over 40 years . we developed the pentel recycology program to further our efforts to minimize our carbon footprint and help save the planet . over 75 % of our products use recycled content , including factory recycled materials and post-consumer waste . become a `` recycologist '' and together we can reduce our impact on the environment and build a better , cleaner future .
trodat professional stamp , dater , self-inking , impression size : 1 5 8 x 3 8 inches , black ( t5030 ) . for more than forty years u.s. stamp & sign has led the industry with a steadily growing list of innovative identification products . their wide range of offerings include top quality stamps , business stationery , custom signage and much more for the home , office and small business markets . as the inventor of pad-free stamps , u.s. stamp & sign has helped both small and large businesses by providing easy-to-use products at an affordable price . designed for use in a busy office , the u.s. stamp & sign trodat professional self-inking date stamp has a sturdy steel frame covered by an ergonomic plastic and stands up to heavy use . the built in date band cover ensures your that fingers remain clean . with a stamp impression size of 3 8 x 1-5 8 inches , this stamp delivers 10 years of dates and 10,000 impressions before the stamp pad needs to be replaced . this self-inking stamp contains 70 % post-consumer recycled content . u.s. stamp & sign is proud to provide the professional tools to maximize everyday communication . the starting year will be 2012 but it will have 10 full years on the stamp professional date stamp is designed for busy offices that need a quick , easy way to stamp documents with the date . sturdy steel frame construction withstands heavy use . self-inking dater delivers rapid , repeat impressions of the date . impression size is 1-5 8 '' x 3 8 '' . date band cover keeps fingers clean . four-band date includes months , days and 10 years . stamp delivers up to 10,000 impressions .
cassida currency counter ( 5510uv ) . an affordable cash-handling assistant . the cassida 5510uv is a professional currency counter designed with users in mind . equipped with smart features designed to save time and simplify operation , it is a sophisticated , but easy to use , performer . half , double and chain note detection . infrared sensors are able to spot a wide range of bill discrepancies , including half , double , and chain notes . in all cases , the 5510uv will stop the count , alert the user with beep , and display the error type on its screen . counterfeit detection , ultraviolet ( uv ) sensors are able to detect counterfeit bills . once a counterfeit is detected , the 5510uv stops the count and dispenses the suspect bill into its stacker for removal . user friendly , intuitive operation , simple controls , and automatic features make the cassida 5510uv easy to operate . mobile , lightweight and compact , the cassida 5510uv is easily transported using the integrated handle . its contemporary styling blends with any business environment .
canon pixma ip2600 photo inkjet printer ( 2435b002 ) . this compact photo printer delivers true ease of use and amazing results . its patented print head technology lets you produce beautiful , long-lasting photos with borderless edges , from credit-card size up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' , and with resolution up to 4800 x 1200 color dpi1 . a 4 '' x 6 '' borderless print takes only about 55 seconds . for better results , the auto image fix feature automatically corrects images for the best possible exposure , color , brightness and contrast . and , the specially formulated pigment black ink delivers clear , laser-quality text with better readability and a higher resistance to smudging . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -15px ; } if you want photo-lab quality prints at an exceptional price , the compact and stylish canon ip2600 photo printer is what you 're looking for . the canon ip2600 delivers photo-lab quality prints with speed and affordability . view back . outstanding print quality using an advanced patented print head and fine technology , the ip2600 gives you beautiful , long-lasting borderless prints at a maximum resolution of 4800 x 1200 dpi with droplets as small as 2 picoliters . the printer can print at sizes from a credit card to 8.5 by 11 inches . for even better results , the auto image fix feature corrects your photos for exposure , color , brightness , and contrast by using scene analysis and face-detection . exceptional speed there is no need for a photo-quality print : a borderless 4-by-6-inch lab-quality print takes approximately 55 seconds . the ip2600 also does a fantastic job with printing documents . by using a specially formulated pigment black ink , text is crisp and laser-quality , with a higher resistance to smudging . for black text , the ip2600 can print at up to 22 ppm ; for text and graphics , it can print up to 17 ppm . support for various media and sizes the canon ip2600 supports a wide variety of media including plain paper , glossy photo paper , matte photo paper , photo stickers , t-shirt transfers , envelopes , and others . the sheet feeder can hold a maximum of 100 sheets , and can handle a4 , b5 , a5 , letter , legal , envelopes , and even credit card-size media . the canon ip2600 uses a usb connection and is compatible with both windows and macs . it is backed by a 1-year warranty . the ip2600 is windows and mac compatible , and offers a wide variety of printer options . what 's in the box ip2600 photo printer , document kit , pg30 black ink cartridge , cl-31 color ink cartridge , power cord , print head , sample media .
canon pixma mx850 office all-in-one inkjet printer ( 2436b002 ) . canon pixma mx850 office all-in-one inkjet printer ( 2436b002 ) from the manufacturer this is an all-in-one powerhouse . thanks to its patented print head technology and 5-color ink system , you 'll create spectacular photos with 9600 x 2400 color dpi resolution , and fast : a photo lab quality 4 x 6 inch borderless print takes only about 21 seconds . copies will be remarkably true to the originals , and when scanning photos you 'll produce impressive 4800-dpi results , with vibrant 48-bit color depth . the built-in automatic document feeder ( adf ) holds up to 35 originals and enables automatic duplexing , so you don  t have to wait , then manually turn over your 2-sided original . this versatile machine is networkable via an ethernet connection , and offers an optional bu-30 bluetooth interface , so you can print wirelessly from a pc or pda.you can also print photos right from memory cardsselecting and enhancing images on the high-resolution 2.5 inch color tft displayor directly from a digital camera . the canon pixma mx850 all-in-one printer : 9600 x 2400 dpi prints for spectacular detail and clarity . print directly from compatible memory cards the automatic document feeder ( adf ) holds up to 35 originals . spectacular resolution this powerful office all-in-one delivers a resolution of up to 9600 x 2400 color dpi , for spectacular detail and clarity . its 4,608 - nozzle print head ejects precise , consistent droplets as small as 1 picoliter , for smoother , virtually grain-free images . exceptional print speed ready for blazing speed to go along with exceptional quality ? you 'll be able to produce a beautiful 4 x 6 inch borderless print in approx . 21 seconds . five high-performance ink tanks the 5-color ink system consists of four dye-based inks plus a pigment-based black ink , producing exceptional photos and crisp , laser-quality text . you replace only the color that runs out , rather than a multi-color tank containing unused ink . result ? you can reduce your printing costs . built-in duplex printing print 2-sided documents or photos , without having to manually flip the pages over , by using either the auto sheet feeder or the paper cassette - saving you time and paper . auto image fix the built-in auto image fix feature helps you produce amazing results on all your photos . first , it categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image correction accordingly . for example , it will automatically brighten faces that are backlit and under-exposed , and correct color cast to help ensure more accurate skin tones . auto image fix ensures a good print every time . network connectivity network connectivity an ethernet interface lets you connect to a home or office network , with connected computers sharing the use of this versatile machine . fast faxes and expanded memory this super-efficient office all-in-one can achieve super g3 fax speed ( 33.6 kbps ) in color and b & w . its expanded memory can store up to 100 of your speed-dial codes , and up to 250 incoming fax pages - especially convenient when receiving long faxes , or if you run out of paper . high-quality scanning and copying when scanning or copying photos or graphics , you can produce faithful 4800 x 9600 dpi images , with vibrant 48-bit color depth and more than 281 trillion possible colors . print from memory cards cameras want to print photos directly from a compatible memory card without using your computer ? just insert the card into the built in slot , select images on the tft display , and print ! you can also print photos directly from your digital camera , dv camcorder , camera phone , or from wireless bluetooth6-enabled devices using our optional bu-30 unit .
apache al13 13 '' thermal laminator and 20 laminator pouches . the apache al13 laminator is an a3 class laminator capable of laminating items up to 12.6 inch wide , specifically a standard 8 x 11 sheet of paper sideways for quick , clear , and bubble-free lamination . the al13w is a quality grade laminator designed with premium grade heating elements and motor . the al13w has 2 silicone rollers and is designed for light to moderate home or office use . this laminator helps protect documents and photos from wear , tear , liquids , and humidity , along with preserve and enhance presentation documents . the al13w comes with a 20 pack of 5 and 3 mil laminator pouches and a 6 month manufacture warranty . apache sells a professional 13 '' laminator as well . search for apache al13p on amazon
apache al18p professional hot cold 18 '' ( actually 17.5 '' max laminating width ) thermal laminator and 20 laminator pouches . the apache al18p is an a3 class laminator capable of laminating items up to 17.5 '' wide for quick , clear , and bubble-free lamination . the al18p is a professional grade laminator designed with heavy duty steel , professional grade heating elements and motor . the unit weighs 21 lbs . and has a thick metal base to reduce vibrations during the lamination process , resulting in consistently high quality end products with secure seals . additionally , the al18p has 4 silicone rollers and the ability to laminate in cold mode . the al18p is designed for long-term use and professional laminating projects . the al18p is ideal for protecting documents and photos from wear , tear , liquids , and humidity . lamination also helps to preserve and enhance presentation documents . the al18p 's temperature is fully adjustable for a variety of materials and pouches . the al18p comes with a 20 pack of 5 and 3 mil laminator pouches and a 1 year manufacture warranty . apache offers 9 '' and 13 '' light-duty laminators as part of the home series . search for apache al9 and al13 on amazon . for larger professional laminators , apache sells 13 '' and 18 '' professional laminators as well . search for apache al13p and al18p on amazon .
apache al25p 25 '' professional cold press laminator . this lamination system is non-electric , therefore , there is no waiting for warm-up and no heat or irritating odors ! why a cold laminating system ? if you plan to laminate a product that was printed with wax-based ink or a product that has a rough texture or a product that has high moisture content ( such as photographs ) , you may want to consider using a pressure-sensitive laminating process . just look at the list of features , advantages and benefits this type of lamination has over the other , heat-based laminating machines .
lexmark x9575 wireless professional multifunction color printer ( 14v1000 ) . enjoy great value and performance with the exceptional features and convenience of this multifunction printer . standard wireless networking makes it easy to share the device with multiple computers throughout a home or office . professional-quality output produces amazing results on everything from simple text documents to graphics-rich reports and photographs . full-featured fax function offers speedy faxing of both color and black and white documents . high-resolution scanner delivers crisp , clear scans while the included ocr software lets you turn paper documents into editable digital files . one-touch copying lets you make up to 99 prints with just the push of a button . print technology : inkjet ; maximum print speed ( black ) : 33.0 ppm ; maximum print speed ( color ) : 28.0 ppm ; network ready : yes .
royal ht88 shredder 8-sheet full size cross cut with wire mesh basket . royal machines ht88 shredder 8-sheet full size cross cut with wire mesh baske.a few pieces of shredded paper may be found inside the shredder and the waste basket . this is normal . all royal shredders are tested at the factory to insure quality.when the basket gets full , the shredder head must be removed in order to empty the basket . on the rear underside of the shredder head there is a safety inlock switch to terminate power to the motor until the shredder head is placed back on the basket correctly . if the head does not sit or fit correctly as designed on the basket it will not turn back on . so check and place the head back on the basket to fit properly . note the appropriate run time for the ht88 is 2 minutes on and 30 minutes off as indicated in the manual . from the manufacturer with over 100 years experience manufacturing office equipment , royal has played a major role in the evolution of the paper shredder . the ht88 is one of our finest efforts in personal home office shredders . this 8 sheet cross-cut paper shredder offers all the power and reliability needed in today 's environment . with the added ability to shred credit cards , the ht88 offers the most comprehensive method of protecting all your personal and business information . a dedicated cutting area assures that credit cards are completely shredded , destroying all printed and digital information . the 4 gallon wire mesh wastebasket makes it easy to dispose of all your destroyed information . attention to detail makes the difference . it 's the details that make the ht88 special . the ht88 can shred up to 8 sheets of paper in a single pass into 5 32 '' x 1 1 2 '' pieces . a dedicated cutting area is provided for shredding credit cards . this makes the ht88 perfect for destroying sensitive information . do n't become a victim of identity theft . the ht88 has an integrated 4 gallon wire mesh wastebasket that holds approximately 250 sheets of shredded paper . this see-through wire mesh enables you to easily see when the wastebasket needs to be emptied . identify theft is the fastest growing crime in america . protecting yourself from identify theft is the reason every business and home should have a paper shredder . royal believes this by offering one of the largest lines of affordable paper shredders that are designed to meet the demands of today 's world . the ht88 is the perfect personal home office shredder . the powerful 1 2 horsepower motor shreds up to 8 sheets of paper at one time into small unreadable pieces . it is also powerful enough to shred staples and credit cards - completely destroying all printed and digital information . the classic design with a wire mesh wastebasket makes the ht88 stylish enough for any home or home office . form and function is the theme of the ht88 . the sturdy classic design is the perfect accent to any office environment . the well thought-out design makes this unit easy to operate and maintain . its large 8 3 4 '' opening , conveniently located towards the front , makes shredding up to 8 sheets of paper effortless . royal knows that the ht88 will be perfect for your personal and home office needs . what 's in the box ht88 classic style cross-cut paper shredder with built-in power cord , 4 gallon wire mesh wastebasket and instruction manual .
safco products onyx mesh off-surface desk organizer 3604bl , black powder coat finish , durable steel mesh construction . onyx mesh off-surface desk organizer helps reduce desktop clutter and increasing available workspace . organizer includes two end sorters for binders , catalogs and file folders , one pull-out sliding drawer for office supplies and one shelf for cell phones and office accessories . ideal for use in offices , cubicles , dorm rooms , libraries , and kitchens . manufactured with a stronger , thicker , commercial-grade steel designed to last through years of heavy , repetitive use . the onyx family includes a diverse collection of stylishly-designed steel mesh products , from desktop organizers to machine stands . onyx makes it easy to create a sleek , professional , organized workspace .
tops 22904kit w-2 tax form envelope kits , 8 1 2 x 5 1 2 , 6-part , inkjet laser , 24 w-2s & 1 w-3 . tops products is a leading manufacturer of ring binders , business forms , note taking and filing products , which are used in offices , schools and homes throughout the world . for over 35 years tops has been helping companies fulfill their tax and business form needs . our years of experience working closely with the irs guarantees the accuracy of all specifications and irs compliance . as a result , weve set the standards for excellence in service and product quality , and continue to lead the way . the tops w-2 tax forms kit has everything you need to report employee income and withholding taxes to the federal government in one complete set . each kit contains 24 six-part laser forms which are updated each year to meet irs regulations . each w-2 wage and tax statement sheet is designed with two forms down , features red print , and is carbonless . the forms are loose for easy insertion and smooth processing through both inkjet and laser printers , and each kit also includes 24 matching envelopes as well as one w-3 summary transmittal form . you can trust tops to provide the most comprehensive line of tax forms available . for trusted accuracy and compliance with all of your tax form requirements , choose tops , the industry leader . we know tax forms !
emerson em2116wh trimline corded 1-handset landline telephone - white . high quality emerson trimline phone , corded
new 255444-vba-20md wall valueline ash ( corded telephones ) . - cortelco traditional mini-wall phone- tone dial - single-gong ringer- ash with gray buttons- 2 year manufacturer 's warrantyitt2554mtash
cortelco 240085-voe-21f 1-handset landline telephone . the ez touch big button telephone features extra large buttons and braille raised characters and is hearing aid compatible . additionally , one-touch photomemory can store three numbers in the one-touch memory buttons . simply place the person 's photo in the button faceplate . calling loved ones has never been easier .
traditional rubber date stamp , type size 0 , black ( rd000 ) . for more than forty years u.s. stamp & sign has led the industry with a steadily growing list of innovative identification products . their wide range of offerings include top quality stamps , business stationery , custom signage and much more for the home , office and small business markets . as the inventor of pad-free stamps , u.s. stamp & sign has helped both small and large businesses by providing easy-to-use products at an affordable price . the u.s. stamp & sign qwikmark traditional rubber date stamp offers 10 years of dates with a type size of 00. with a heavy-duty steel frame , this stamp stands up to active use . ideal for large or small offices , this reliable traditional rubber stamp requires a separate ink pad . u.s. stamp & sign is proud to provide the professional tools to maximize everyday communication .
aurora professional light duty as600sb strip cut paper shredder . aurora light-duty as600sb strip-cut paper shredder
trodat economy 12-message stamp , dater , self-inking , 3 8 x 2 inches , black ( e4817 ) . economy 12-message stamp date stamp imprints the date after one of 12 popular phrases : answered , backordered , cancelled , billed , received , charged , checked , delivered , entered , paid , shipped and faxed . ten-year date band includes months and days . impression size is 3 8 '' x 2 '' . stamp delivers 10,000 impressions and is made with a high percentage of recycled material . the frame is made of plastic .
tombow art markers , color set , 96 count . 96 piece marker set in desk stand . preferred by fine artists and crafters . each brush pen has two tips - a versatile , flexible , nylon fiber brush tip and a fine , hard tip - with a single ink chamber ensuring exact color match . create fine , medium or bold strokes with a change in brush pressure ; or use the fine tip to make consistent fine lines perfect for drawing embellishments , intricate designs , details , and writing . easily mix and blend ink to create an array of new colors . blend two ink colors together or use the colorless blender pen to create a watercolor effect . includes : 95 colors , 1 blender , 1 desk stand . made in vietnam and stand made in the usa .
panasonic kx-tg9344t dect 6.0 expandable digital cordless phone with answering system , metallic black , 4 handsets . panasonic kx-tg9344t dect 6.0 expandable digital cordless answering system w 4 handsets the panasonic dect 6.0 expandable digital cordless answering system operates in the 1.9ghz frequency range , which means this phone will not conflict with other wireless devices such as computer routers , wireless keyboards , microwave ovens , and other common household devices . with dect 6.0 ( digital enhanced cordless telecommunications ) technology , you can move freely around your home with long range and amazingly clear sound . it also assures greater protection against eavesdropping for all your calls . this phone system allows you to program each handset to ring -- or not -- at your discretion . before going to sleep , simply set the bedside handset to `` night mode '' so that it wo n't ring in your bedroom . in the meantime , the handset in the den will still ring when that important call comes in without disturbing the person who 's sleeping . this phone system also features text-to-speech technology , which announces the caller id information between rings . the system also boasts a talking alarm clock that will tell you when it 's time for lunch , a 50-entry digital phone book , a digital answering machine , multilingual support ( english and spanish ) and a talking battery alert that politely tells you when your battery is low with a `` please charge phone '' reminder . each handset comes with a battery that supports five hours of talk time and 11 days of standby time , and the system can be expanded to up to six handsets . this system 's base also features a keypad and receiver , which can be used as a functional phone in the absence of a handset . what 's in the box four panasonic dect 6.0 phones , base with keypad , three cradles , and power supplies .
paperpro injoy 12 reduced effort nano stapler , green black ( 1811 ) . paperwork can be a hassle , but stapling it should n't be . with the paperpro injoy 12 nanos conveniently small size , enjoy uniquely effortless one-finger technology and jam-free stapling that fits in the palm of your hand -- perfect for on-the-go use . easier than standard mini staplers , all it takes is a quick and easy squeeze to fasten up to 12 sheets . with a lightweight ergonomic design that positions perfectly in the palm of your hand , staple quickly and comfortably without missing a sheet . uses standard staples . for optimal performance , use with paperpro premium standard staples ( 1901 ) . three-year limited warranty . features :
kantek ps510 mobile printer stand , two-shelf , 17w x 13 1 4d x 14 1 8h , black . founded in 1982 , kantek has set the standard for personal customer service , superior design and construction , a high degree of flexibility and responsiveness to the marketplace . the kantek 2-shelf mobile printer stand features reinforced shelves that are constructed to accommodate most laser or inkjet printers up to 75 pounds . the height adjusts in 1.25 inch increments for personal comfort level . each stand has 4 swivel casters for easy mobility and sturdy metal back brackets for support and safety . great for use at the office or in the home , the 2-shelf mobile printer stand provides the versatility needed to make your workday run more smoothly .
xerox polyester paper 4.7 mil , 8.5 '' x 11 '' , 100 sheets box ( 3r12363 ) . xerox polyester paper 4.7 mil ( 8.5 '' x 11 '' ) ( 100 sheets box ) . durable product . meets the customer requirements . this product is manufactured in japan .
boorum & pease 96304 record account book , black red cover , 144 pages , 5 1 4 x 7 7 8 . this boorum & pease gold line series account book offers you a volume compact enough to go wherever life leads . this record-ruled book provides 28 lines per page . each hardbound volume features 144 pages of quality paper , a gold foil-stamped cover with turned and folded edges for durability , and the same permanent , moisture-resistant ink you 've come to expect in the larger boorum & pease volumes . 5 '' x 7-1 2 '' . made in china .
day-timer briefcase starter set , undated , 7 ring , desk size , 5-1 2 x 8-1 2 '' , black ( 44531 ) . briefcase starter set combines function with fashion for the office professional or home manager . our `` briefcase '' starter set combines function with fashion for the office professional or home manager . this desk-size zippered binder has a built-in handle for the ultimate in portability . outside flap pocket holds receipts , pdas , phones , and more ; secures with a self-adhering fastener . inside , there 's a flap pocket with credit card slots plus a loop for a pen , pencil , or marker . durable black vinyl and microfiber cover has a zippered closure for added security . includes standard starter set components : a supply of undated pages , monthly dividers , address phone directory , 24-sheet lined note pad , business credit card holder , vinyl zip pouch , and reference pages . desk size holds 5-1 2 '' x 8-1 2 '' pages in 1 '' 7-ring binder element . with fabric and leather-like vinyl construction , the 5-1 2-x-8-1 2-inch day-timer briefcase binder personal organizer starter set includes the essentials to keep you organized in style . an integrated handle makes it easy to carry , and a zip closure ensures all your personal items stay secure . organizer features include handy reference pages , a vinyl zip pouch , undated monthly calendar pages , an address and phone directory , a 24-sheet lined note pad , and a business credit card holder .
samsill professional padfolio  resume portfolio business portfolio with secure zippered closure , 10.1 inch tablet sleeve , 8.5 x11 writing pad , black . a padfolio like none other after considering the needs of modern-day professionals , we , at samsill , are happy to say that weve come up with an organizer to make your life at work more comfortable & stylish , all thanks to our well-received samsill professional portfolio . to put it simply , its the only padfolio youll ever need . it uses synthetic leather that carries the feel & look of premium napa leather to help you make a positive & lasting first impression . its minimalist design is a perfect fit for all environments from fortune 500 boardrooms to university classrooms . stay orgainzed a document pocket helps you store anything & everything from loose pages , letters & envelopes to leaflets , invites & personal ids . a standalone business card holder can hold all your business cards in one place . want to take some quick notes ? weve got you covered with a refillable letter-sized writing pad ( 8.5 x 11 ) & pen loop . for all men & women out there , from students & graduates to top executives , who care about making a solid style statement without giving up on much-needed utility , any old portfolio binder or portfolio case wont do . if you wish to try out the best padfolio there is , click add to cart & order samsill professional padfolio today !
advantus call bell , 3.38 inch diameter , chrome finish with black base ( cb10000 ) . make sure you are always just a ring away with this advantus call bell . it has a chrome finish to add the classic touch to any hotel , restaurant , office or business front counter . made from steel with a black base to ensure durability , the 3.38 inch call bell offers a clear tone , so you will always hear that familiar ding when customers enter your business . advantus corp. is dedicated to providing innovative quality products at fair prices .
vupoint ps-c500-vp photo digital converter . the psc500 is a digital photo scanner that is able to scan images at 5.0 mega pixel quality . with 10 bits per color channel and 1800 dpi resolution capabilities , your images will transfer with amazing clarity . the psc500 also features automatic color balance and exposure control to make the most of all of your scanned photos . it 's versatility is revealed in how many different picture sizes it is capable of scanning : 3 '' x5 '' , 4 '' x6 '' , and 5 '' x7 '' .
balt low laser printer stand , 27501 , 14 '' h x 17 '' w x 17 '' d , brushed silver steel frame , gray laminate shelves . save valuable desktop space with the low profile printer stand . top shelf includes a security rail that protects equipment and also doubles as a handle . store paper or other supplies on the bottom shelf for convenience .
bostitch quietsharp 6 heavy duty classroom electric pencil sharpener , 6-holes , blue ( eps10hc ) . built with todays classroom in mind , this sharpener will help students sharpen their pencils quickly , quietly , and safely . and itll help teachers get back to teaching ! the xhc cutter technology allows for 70 % faster sharpening and 10x longer life . it is made with extra hardened steel and the blade is designed to be helical , allowing for a pointed tip every time in under 4 seconds . with the combination of a super duty motor and thermal overload protection , this electronic sharpener is completely protected from overheating . this means you can sharpen a lot of pencils without having to take a break in between . the operation is quiet with the durability to withstand strenuous classroom use . to ensure safety in the classroom , the tamper proof magnasafe shutoff technology smartly prevents operation when the shavings tray is removed . so , if the tray is removed , theres no way to get the motor to run . this makes it the standard for safety in a classroom environment with young children around . the kid friendly , easy turn 6-size selector dial will accommodate the various pencil sizes used in schools . whether your classroom is full of elementary school students using a jumbo pencil or a ticonderoga tri-write ; or older learners who use standard pencils , this electric pencil sharpener has got you covered ! and for ease of use , the tip saver technology prevents over sharpening , extending pencil life . once a pencil is completely sharp , the blade cutters will pull back and no further sharpening can be done . this sharpener is the perfect addition to any classroom ! bostitch office also offers a 7-year warranty on this awesome sharpener . have the peace of mind of knowing that if anything goes wrong , you know you can always trust bostitch to get you back in business ! the bostitch warranty has been trusted for decades and we arent going anywhere ! the xhc cutter technology allows for 70 % faster sharpening and 10x longer life . it is made with extra hardened steel and the blade is designed to be helical , allowing for a pointed tip every time in under 4 seconds . with the combination of a super duty motor and thermal overload protection , this electronic sharpener is completely protected from overheating . this means you can sharpen a lot of pencils without having to take a break in between . the operation is quiet with the durability to withstand strenuous classroom use . to ensure safety in the classroom , the tamper proof magnasafe shutoff technology smartly prevents operation when the shavings tray is removed . so , if the tray is removed , theres no way to get the motor to run . this makes it the standard for safety in a classroom environment with young children around . the kid friendly , easy turn 6-size selector dial will accommodate the various pencil sizes used in schools . whether your classroom is full of elementary school students using a jumbo pencil or a ticonderoga tri-write ; or older learners who use standard pencils , this electric pencil sharpener has got you covered ! and for ease of use , the tip saver technology prevents over sharpening , extending pencil life . once a pencil is completely sharp , the blade cutters will pull back and no further sharpening can be done . this sharpener is the perfect addition to any classroom ! bostitch office also offers a 7-year warranty on this awesome sharpener . have the peace of mind of knowing that if anything goes wrong , you know you can always trust bostitch to get you back in business ! the bostitch warranty has been trusted for decades and we arent going anywhere ! reduce classroom noise . your classroom is most likely filled with noise and disruptions , but do n't let your pencil sharpener add more . our super duty quietsharp motor operates quietly while enduring strenuous classroom use . bringing speed to sharpening , the xhc cutter technology delivers 70 % faster sharpening** , therefore improving the productivity time of your students . feel at ease letting your students empty the shavings tray as it is equipped with our tamper proof , magnasafe shutoff technology . this skillfully prevents operation of the sharpener when the tray is removed ! let our sharpener determine when to stop sharpening and not your kids . our advanced tip saver technology will help bring your student 's pencil points to the perfect tips without over-sharpening . the pencil selector dial has 6 different sized holes to support multiple pencil sizes . with the simple smooth turn of the dial , kids can effortlessly change to the hole size needed . accommodates tri-write and my first beginner pencils ! classrooms are filled with students who need to constantly sharpen their pencils , so we designed our shavings tray to hold a high volume of shavings . its translucent color provides a clear visual when it needs to be emptied ! for peace of mind , its oversized base features suction cup feet for utmost stability , securing the sharpener to the table while your students use it . comes in a vibrant blue color or a playful purple . great for high volume commercial settings ideal for classroom & studio environments perfect for desktop or office atmosphere excellent for personal & student use super pro 6 commercial electric pencil sharpener ( eps12hc ) from performance to form , each element of the super pro 6 commercial electric pencil sharpener was engineered for high use commercial environments . equipped with a quiet fan cooled thermally protected motor and our finest xhc2 cutters for class leading performance . quietsharp glow classroom electric pencil sharpener ( eps11hc ) perfect for the classroom , the quietsharp glow classroom electric pencil sharpener delivers quiet operation , fast sharpening speed , and safety . features a tool-free replaceable cutter for fast and easy cleaning or replacement and sharpglow illumination to skillfully indicate to students when sharpening is complete . antimicrobial protected . quietsharp 6 classroom electric pencil sharpener ( eps10hc ) the quietsharp 6 classroom electric pencil sharpener was built to help students sharpen their pencils quickly , quietly , and safely . operation is quiet and endures strenuous classroom use , cutters deliver fast sharpening for optimum classroom productivity , and shavings tray features tamper proof safety switch for student safety . quietsharp executive electric pencil sharpener ( eps9v-blk ) with a striking new vertical design , the quietsharp executive electric pencil sharpener will not only add style to your desk but will save you desktop space . geared up with a quiet , thermally protected motor for maximum power , reduced noise , and durability . it 's an ideal sharpener to feature in your personal office ! quietsharp executive electric pencil sharpener ( eps8hd-blk ) with its sleek and contemporary design the quietsharp executive electric pencil sharpener is great to dress up your office desktop . integrates a quiet , thermally protected motor for maximum power , reduced noise , and long life . comes in a sophisticated black ora tasteful cream color . personal electric pencil sharpener ( eps4-blk ) the personal electric pencil sharpener is excellent for any home or office space . compact in size to save desk space , but built with a reliable powerful motor , easy clean shavings tray and safety features . comes in a refined black or trendy blue color . executive electric pencil sharpener ( 02695 ) the executive electric pencil sharpener is great for the home or office . crafted with a reliable powerful motor , easy clean shavings tray and safety features . comes in a sophisticated black or a tasteful cream color . antimicrobial manual pencil sharpener ( mps1-blk ) great for any classroom or even other settings . the antimicrobial manual pencil sharpener not only contains an 8 hole selector dial to support multiple pencil sizes , but it has also been improved with an oversized knob for comfort and ease of use for kids to grip . easily mounts to a wall or table for smooth sharpening . antimicrobial protected . vacuum mount manual pencil sharpener ( mps1sc-blk ) the vacuum mount manual pencil sharpener easily fastens to almost any surface with no screws or mounting equipment , allowing it to be effortlessly moved from one location to another . equipped with a 6 size dial to accommodate the various pencil sizes used in schools and can be easily operated by students . battery pencil sharpener ( 02697 ) with its battery operation , the battery pencil sharpener has supreme portability making it a great travel buddy . but when you 're not on the move , it can also easily reside at your desk or home . shavings trays is equipped for safe cleaning . minisharp battery pencil sharpener ( bps1-blk ) perfect for students ! compact in size making it convenient to slip into any school or travel bag . all you need is 2aa batteries and you 're ready to go . shavings trays is equipped for safe cleaning .
fisher space pen trekker space pen , chrome ( sc725 ) . pioneering in technology the trekker space pen can hang upside down forever yet function immediately when needed . this pen is `` the bomb '' for so many different folks . are you an executive ? put it on your keychain and always have a quality writing instrument at hand . police fire ambulance ... clip it to your belt and it will sail through the daily abuse it will get ! students love this on their school lanyard . it 's the choice of mountain climbers , sojourners , farmers , and security guards . give this pen as a gift and you 'll be remembered forever .
herman miller classic aeron chair loaded posture fit . tension control fully loaded chairsize b fully loaded hardwood floor casterrear tilt lock forward tilt lumbar support
cool toner compatible toner cartridge replacement for hp q2612a ( black ) .
sauder orchard hills lateral file , carolina oak . file in style using the sauder orchard hills lateral filing cabinet . the orchard hills lateral filing cabinet is not only stylish , but it resembles a piece of furniture , allowing you to make it a part of any room or office . the two spacious drawers feature full extension slides and hold letter , legal and european size hanging files , and also feature a interlocking safety mechanism that allows only one drawer to open at a time . this cabinet is easy to assemble and will provide you with superb storage for your papers and documents . about sauder is north america 's leading producer of ready-to-assemble ( rta ) furniture and the nation 's fifth largest residential furniture manufacturer . based in arch bold , ohio , sauder also sources furniture from a network of quality global partners , including a line of office chairs that complement its residential and light commercial office furniture . sauder markets more than 30 distinct furniture collections in a full line of rta furnishings for the home , entertainment , home office , bedroom , kitchen , and storage . sauder is a privately held , third-generation , family-run business . the company prides itself on its awareness that all function and no fashion makes for a dull living space when it comes to home furnishing products . that 's why sauder 's award-winning design team has produced more than 25 collections of stylish furniture that span the design spectrum . from minimalist modern or contemporary to classic 18th century or country styles , sauder has what you 're looking for . the company offers more than 500 items - most priced below $ 500 - that have won national design awards and generated thousands of letters of gratitude from satisfied consumers . looks like a beautiful piece of furniture . wood finish . carolina oak color . holds letter , legal and european size files . dimensions : 30.125w x 20.875d x 30.25h .
casio fx-9750gii graphing calculator , white . this graphing calculator with an onscreen icon-driven menu provides easy access to advanced functions and is allowed during ap , sat , psat nmsqt , and act college exams . slide cover included . view larger casio fx-9750gii graphing calculator the fx-9750gii is ready-to-go right out of the package and comes packed with functionality : usb connectivity , abundant operating memory , and ap features come together to provide a powerful tool designed to support student success . the fx-9750gii is designed to support a deeper understanding of mathematics in the following coursework : pre-algebra , algebra i , algebra ii , geometry , trigonometry , calculus , ap calculus , ap statistics , biology , chemistry , physics , finance & business . the casio fx-9750gii graphing calculator is permitted for use on the psat nmsqt , sat , and act college entrance exams and ap tests . casio 's user-oriented hardware design comes loaded with powerful classroom functionality you need in an intuitive , easy-to-use interface that is quick and simple for students to master . the fx-9750gii features a high-resolution lcd display with enlarged dot-area technology that produces sharp , easy-to-see formulas , graphics , and statistical data representation to enhance student comprehension . with the fx-9750gii 's 62kb ram , lengthy calculations , and complex graphics are produced with immediate ease . the accelerated processing speed results in accurate , swift calculations that support student success , especially at test time . getting connected is simple with the fx-9750gii 's built-in usb functionality . share data with your fx-9750gii to other calculators , connect with your pc ( program link software sold separately ) , or display your screen via direct connection to a casio projector . casio 's intuitive software design facilitates a student 's grasp of mathematical concepts by encouraging student engagement with mathematics rather than memorization of keys to effectively promote student success . some of the functionality you will find in the fx-9750gii includes : and much more .
montblanc meisterstuck le grand platinum rollerball pen ( 7571 ) . rollerball , barrel and cap made of black precious resin inlaid with montblanc emblem , platinum-plated clip and rings .
scansnap s300m clr 600dpi usb 10pg adf mobile scanner . liexcellent image quality lia4 duplex compact color scanner ideal for home and office use , the scansnap s300m usb mobile scanner makes digitizing receipts , bank statements , or term papers a snap . easy to use , this scanner comes with a simple `` scan '' button and with the scanner 's duplex capabilities , it captures both sides of documents with one pass . the s300m also offers a host of automatic image correction features to ensure great scanning results . it can scan a4 , a5 , a6 , b5 , b6 , business card , letter , legal , and custom sizes . the s300m automatically recognizes the size of each document , detects and corrects for skew , and shows images in their proper orientation with blank pages removed , which saves storage space in your computer 's memory . with the ability to capture full color scans at 600 x 600 dpi , and with high speed usb 2.0 connectivity , this scanner is compatible with mac os x 10.3 and later operating systems including os x 10.5 .
alvin 98 arc 12 '' black aluminum architect triangular scale . high-quality , black anodized aluminum scales have a large profile , hollow core , and tapered edges . printed white graduations and color inlaid furrows . supplied in hard plastic case . all architect scales have the following graduations unless otherwise noted : 3 32 , 3 16 , 1 8 , 1 4 , 1 2 , 1 , 3 8 , 3 4 , 1 1 2 , 3 inches to the foot ; one edge to 16ths .
lexmark x4650 multifunction printer ( 16f1400 ) . the lexmark x4650 wireless all-in-one that lets you easily print , copy , scan and print gives you flexibility to print wherever you wish . produce up to 25 black or up to 18 color printed pages per minute . printing pictures directly from memory card slots , pictbridge compatible cameras or usb flash drives is easy . optical character recognition ( ocr ) software allows you to easily scan text documents into soft copy format . the lexmark toolbar makes internet printing easy , by enabling you to schedule print jobs from your favorite web sites , on a recurring basis . the flatbed scanner allows you to scan various media sizes and thicknesses , including books .
lexmark 18c2249 36xl 37xl high yield black color return prog print cart . high-yield ink cartridges are designed for use with lexmark x3650 , x4650 , x5650 , x5650es , x6650 , x6675 and z2420 . variable size ink droplet technology allows more vivid and precise image quality . top yields mean you 're saving big by operating at the best efficiency , for both your budget and the environment . nonrefillable cartridge is licensed for single use only . lexmark return program cartridges are sold at a discount vs. the prices of regular cartridges , in exchange for the customer 's agreement to use the cartridge only once and return it only to lexmark for remanufacturing or recycling . twin-pack includes a no . 36xl black cartridge and a no . 37xl color cartridge . each cartridge yields approximately 500 pages .
noodlers ink 4.5oz heart of darkness . noodler 's ink is 100 % made in the usa from cap to glass to ink . archival quality ink in large 4.5oz . eye dropper bottle . heart of darkness is completely bulletproof , eternal , forgery-resistant and water-resistant . durable and intensely black , this intense color is resistant to an increasing array of industrial solvents , bleaching agents , and other tools .
hp deskjet f4280 all-in-one printer ( cb656a ) . the hp deskjet f4280 all-in-one printer is designed for cost-conscious users who want to print , copy , and scan with one affordable and dependable multi-function device . with a stylish , contemporary aesthetic that 's certain to look good in any home office , this all-in-one printer offers print speeds up to 26 ppm , color print resolution up to 4800 x 1200 dpi when printing on hp photo papers , and a robust 1200 input dpi . other capabilities include a scan resolution up to 1200 x 2400 dpi , and a copy function that offers a reduce enlarge range of 25-to-200-percent . the hp deskjet f4280 all-in-one printer is designed for cost-conscious users who want to print , copy , and scan with one affordable and dependable multi-function device . with a stylish , contemporary aesthetic that 's certain to look good in any home office , this all-in-one printer offers print speeds up to 26 ppm , color print resolution up to 4800 x 1200 dpi when printing on hp photo papers , and a robust 1200 input dpi . other capabilities include a scan resolution up to 1200 x 2400 dpi , and a copy function that offers a reduce enlarge range of 25-to-200-percent . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } the hp deskjet f4280 all-in-one printer offers : ability to print , copy , and scan with one device . print speeds up to 26 ppm . high-quality color prints at up to 4800 x 1200 dpi resolution . copier can enlarge and reduce photos . the f4280 is compatible with both macs and pcs . view larger . in addition to its modern design and intuitive user interface , this energy star compliant device built for durability , performance , and energy efficiency . the deskjet f4280 features include a convenient one-touch print cancel button to prevent the printing of unwanted pages , handy usb connectivity , and a removable scan cover for scanning thicker media . printing documents the way you want them to look is a snap -- the f4280 lets you easily enlarge or reduce documents and photos with the built-in resize-to-fit button . ideal for students and home offices , the printer also features a versatile paper tray that can handle several types of media and paper -- including plain , inkjet , and photo paper , envelopes , transparencies , labels , cards , hp premium media , and iron-on transfers . print your borderless photos in 4-by-6-inch and panorama formats , and get laser-quality black text plus vivid color graphics and photos using hp vivera inks . compatible with both pc and mac operating systems , this printer comes backed by a manufacturer 's 1-year limited warranty . what 's in the box printer , black ink cartridge , tri-color ink cartridge , hp photosmart essential software , setup poster , reference guide , power supply , and power cord .
bostitch paperpro booklet stapler - one finger , no effort , spring powered , long reach stapler - silver ( 1610 ) . paperwork can be a hassle but stapling it should n't be . with the bo stitch long reach stapler 's uniquely effortless one-finger technology , experience fast and easy , jam-free stapling for your brochures , pamphlets , binding , and more . 80 % easier than standard staplers , all it takes is the press of a finger to fasten up to 25 sheets . boasting a 12.5 long reach and ability to bind sheets up to 25 wide , use the built-in ruler and sliding paper guide to ensure consistent staple placement . for demanding environments , the sophisticated die-cast metal housing delivers impressive performance while the bases non-slip grip protects your desktop and provides stability during use . with a curved , ergonomic handle shape that positions perfectly in the palm of your hand , dominate your stapling stacks without missing a sheet . full strip ( 210 ) staple capacity ; uses standard staples . for optimal performance , use with premium standard staples ( 1901 ) . three-year limited effortless one-finger technology for 80 % easier stapling easily staple up to 25 sheets with one finger or on any desktop handles specialty binding projects up to 12.5 long and 25 wide die-cast metal housing for powerful performance + sleek sophistication jam-free for smooth , continuous operation includes an integrated ruler and adjustable paper guide curved , ergonomic shape fits comfortably in the palm of your hand on-slip grips on the base offer extra stability and desktop protection during use25 sheet capacity ( or a 50-page booklet ) uses standard staples full-strip ( 210 staples ) capacity
safco products 3603bl wood desk riser , 42 '' w , black . we always need , just a little extra rise . wood riser 42 '' w x 12 1 4 '' d raises monitor 8 1 4 '' off desktop for easier viewing . allows for binders , telephone , monitor , printer or other desk accessories to be stored efficiently . the extra wide 30 '' w x 12 1 4 '' d shelf features shelf dividers to keep books and binders vertical and orderly . melamine top with back splash to prevent items from rolling or falling off and cast aluminum legs . rated up to 100 lb . weight capacity .
universal unv84642 100 per box clear laminating pouches , 2 1 4-inch x 3 3 4-inch - 1 pack . resists extreme temperatures , liquid penetration and rough handling . bonds well to card stock , inkjet and other porous papers with light to medium ink coverage . length : 2 3 16 '' ; width : 3 11 16 '' ; thickness gauge : 5 mil ; laminator supply type : business card .
nyrius lt12 12 language global digital talking translator foreign pocket-sized electronic speaking dictionary . where travel guides end , the lt12 begins ! this talking translator is small enough to fit in your pocket , and contains 8,400 travel-related phrases in 12 different languages . eight conversational categories allow you to find your desired phrase quickly , and the lt12 both speaks and displays the translated phrase . you also have the ability to save frequently used phrases . this pocket translator will give you confidence when communicating in a foreign language . this handheld translator is the modern answer to paper dictionaries . this device cross-translates 12 international languages : english , french , german , spanish , italian , turkish , dutch , russian , portuguese , japanese , mandarin chinese , and swedish . this device contains over 8,400 travel related phrases and keeps them organized in categories so you can find them quickly and easily . each category has its own button so you can easily find your desired phrase . the lt12 categories are general speech , emergency , entertainment , sightseeing , direction , restaurants , transport , and hotel & accommodation . if you find yourself repeatedly using the same phrases , you can add them to a list of frequently used sentences . recalling saved phrases is just as easy - simply press a button to display your customized list ! the lt12 also has a backlit screen , allowing you to use it at night and in dimly-lit rooms . since this device speaks the phrases aloud , you can be sure you are pronouncing foreign words correctly , making for a more enjoyable holiday or business trip . if you arent sure of the pronunciation of a specific phrase , the lt12 can help ! the lcd screen displays the translated phrase while the built-in speaker pronounces it for you . the lt12 also comes with an earphone so you can hear clearly in busy areas or avoid disturbing others while in quiet situations .
ameriwood laundry cabinet . do n't let your space become cluttered and disorganized . make use of wasted space by adding this convenient storage cabinet , and keep all your stuff neatly hidden away . designed with a crisp white finish , the ameriwood laundry cabinet makes a great addition to laundry rooms , allowing you to store detergents , fabric softeners , stain removers and more . but this versatile cabinet can also be placed virtually anywhere else in your home . use it in the kitchen to store pantry items , drinks and snacks . place it in the garage to keep tools and yard supplies out of sight . it also works in rec rooms , providing space for board games , toys and more . the storage cabinet features three adjustable shelves behind three cabinet doors , allowing for items in a variety of sizes . easy to assemble with household tools .
walker edison 3-piece contemporary desk , multi . this contemporary desk offers a sleek modern design crafted with durable steel and thick tempered safety glass . the l-shape provides a corner wedge for more space and the design creates a look that is both attractive and simple . flexible configuration options allow you to mount the keyboard tray on either side of the desk . also included are a universal autonomous cpu stand and a sliding keyboard tray . this desk compliments any room and is a great addition to any home office .
trinity 3-tier utility cart . trinity 's 3-tier utility cart is perfect for any garage , warehouse , office , or kitchen . with its high injection molded pp and lightweight aluminum legs , this cart resists dents , scratches , stains and rust . this versatile utility cart with swivel casters makes moving equipment and heavy loads easy in any environment . constructed from high injection molded pp , this cart can handle the toughest jobs and built to resist dents , scratches , stains , and rust . each shelf has a weight capacity of 75 lb , and total weight capacity of 225 lb . the sturdy lightweight design makes this cart perfect for any working environment . assembly is quick and easy . no tools needed to assemble this cart !
mod podge hard coat for furniture , 8-ounce ( cs11245 ) . mod podge cs11245 8-ounce glue , hard coat mod podge is 40 years old , but this classic decoupage glue still has its cool . planning to decoupage a medium to large piece of furniture ? this formula is perfect to create a long-lasting treasure . great for projects that are frequently used such as : the hard coat formula dries to an extra-durable protective , clear finish . quick-drying formula allows for multiple coat build up . sand between multiple coats for an ultra-smooth finish . cleans up easily with soap and water . certified ap non-toxic water based contents : one 8 oz mod podge hard coat the basic formulas provide exceptional flexibility and ease of use . give your most frequently used projects an extra durable finish with furniture mod podge . your projects are easier to clean with the new top-rack dishwasher safe formula . rain or shine , decoupage projects maintain their beauty for outdoor living . transfer color and black-and-white photocopies to any decoupage project . create your own embellishments to paint and attach to projects . with a versatile collection of 23 formulas , the crafting possibilities are endless . using the right tools makes mod podge projects easier , more professional and fun to create . perfect for home and holiday decor , gifts , seasonal projects , kids parties and more . since 1976 plaid has been a global leader in the art and craft industry , providing high-quality products that make art and crafting easier and more fun . we are passionate about inspiring artistic expression in individuals , families , schools , and communities of crafters of all ages . we care about being a responsible corporation and source high-quality , non-toxic crafting materials that are safe for everyday use . we generously support a variety of organizations that are committed to making the world a better place , including the american cancer society , the gwinnett county womens shelter , childrens healthcare of atlanta , and the united way . the plaid family of brands include apple barrel , bucilla , delta , fabric creations , folkart , gallery glass , martha stewart , mod podge , plaid creates , and plaid .
pen & ink sketch fountain pen set x-fine . sleek in design , this fountain pen comes with an ink converter , ink cartridges and a suede pen wrap . the specially formulated ink does not bleed if washed over in a pen and ink drawing .
3m vhb heavy duty mounting tape 5952 black , 3 4 in x 15 yd 45 mil . 3m vhb heavy duty mounting tape 5952 is a flexible , heavy duty mounting tape strong enough to replace screws , rivets and studs and permanently adhere one material to another while spreading the stress load across the entire length of the joint . once materials are joined with 3m vhb tape , a virtually indestructible weld is created .
wallies wall decals , reusable slate gray chalkboard wall sticker , set of 4 . wallies peel & stick slate gray chalkboard is made of durable , self-adhesive backed vinyl that can be removed and repositioned easily . enjoy being creative with your peel & stick chalkboard . to use , simply peel the pieces off of the backing in the package and apply to any clean , smooth surface or painted dry wall . this product is not recommended for textured or rough surfaces and should not be placed on newly painted walls , which usually need about 30 days to fully cure . to remove , simply peel and reposition to another area or return it to the original backing for storage . wallies will not harm or damage surfaces and will not leave a sticky residue . a package of slate gray chalkboard comes with 4 vinyl chalkboard panels each measuring 9 inch by 12 inch and includes chalk . the package measures 10 inch by 6-1 4 inch .
hp 60 black original ink cartridge ( cc640wn ) for hp deskjet d2530 d2545 f2430 f4224 f4440 f4480 hp envy 100 110 111 114 120 hp photosmart c4640 c4650 c4680 c4780 c4795 d110 . purchase your oem ( genuine ) hp cc640wn ink cartridge from us and save on product price and fast and inexpensive shipping . this oem hp cc640wn is a genuine hp ink cartridge that delivers excellent performance and exceptional prints .
hp 60xl black high yield original ink cartridge ( cc641wn ) for hp deskjet d2530 d2545 f2430 f4224 f4440 f4480 hp envy 100 110 111 114 120 hp photosmart c4640 c4650 c4680 c4780 c4795 d110 . hp 60xl black high yield original ink cartridge ( cc641wn ) . hp 60 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet d2530 , d2545 , f2430 , f4224 , f4440 , f4480 . hp envy 100 , 110 , 111 , 114 , 120. hp photosmart c4640 , c4650 , c4680 , c4780 , c4795 , d110 . cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 600 pages . get up to 2x the pages with original hp xl ink cartridges compared to standard cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 60 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 60xl ink cartridge ( cc641wn ) color : black . < ! -- .headerm { color : # 000000 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:24px ; font-weight : bold ; margin:0 ; padding:0 0 10px ; top : 30px ; text-transform : uppercase ; text-align : left ; } .aplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .subheader { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:14px ; font-weight : bold ; text-align : left ; text-transform : uppercase ; } .acontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } .acontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .style3 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif } .sup-text { font-size : 11px ; } hr.dashed { border-top:1px dashed # 999999 ; color : # ffffff ; height:1px ; margin:3px 0 ; clear : left ; } ul { padding-left:1.1em ; margin-left : 0px ; list-style-position : outside ; *remove indents from list* } li { margin : .6em 0 ; * space btwn lists * } .legal { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:9px ; font-weight : normal ; text-align : left ; line-height:12px ; } -- > hp 60xl black inkjet print cartridge ideal for : high-volume printing : get three times more pages than standard ink crisp black text , plus graphics and grayscale images with subtle shading fade-resistant1 documents that you can archive yield2 : 600 pages stock up on hp 60 inks : # 1 brand in ink is also the # 1 value print more . reprint less . original hp ink is proven to be more reliable print up to 65 % more pages than bargain inks3 more than 33 % of tested refilled ink cartridges failed during use or right out of the box3 the tested original hp print cartridges worked every timewithout failing3 buy more , save more hp high-capacity xl print cartridges print two to three times more pages than standard hp print cartridges replace print cartridges less often to avoid wasting plastic and packaging materials hp multi-packs save up to 10 % , on average , over the cost of buying print cartridges separately get two or more cartridges per pack so you always have the ink you need on-hand hp value packs save time and money with ink and paper in one convenient pack print affordable , lab-quality photos in the comfort of your own home create professional-quality marketing materials in your own office recycling made easy designed with the environment in mind free print cartridge recycling with the hp planet partners recycling program recycled plastic from used hp print cartridges and water bottles have made more than 400 million new original hp inkjet print cartridges stock up on hp 60 inks : 1 based on paper industry predictions for acid-free papers and original hp inks ; colorant stability data at room temperature based on similar systems tested as per iso 11798 and iso 18909 . 2 average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies . 3 a qualitylogic 2009 study compared original hp inkjet print cartridges ( 92a , 93a , 98a , 95a , 21a and 22a ) with refilled ink cartridges sold in north america . for details , see www.qualitylogic.com 2009hpinktest.pdf .
hp 901 tri-color original ink cartridge ( cc656an ) for hp officejet 4500 j4540 j4550 j4580 j4680 . hp 901 tri-color original ink cartridge ( cc656an ) . hp 901 ink cartridges work with : hp officejet 4500 , j4540 , j4550 , j4580 , j4680 . cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 360 pages . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 901 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 901 ink cartridge ( cc656an ) color : tri-color .
brother dcp-7040 laser multifunction copier with auto document feeder . the dcp-7040 is a compact and affordable , monochrome digital copier and laser printer , ideal for small offices or home offices . it combines crisp , high-quality laser copying , printing and color scanning into a compact footprint , with print and copy speeds of up to 23 pages per minute . additional features include a 35-page automatic document feeder for multi-page documents , a 250-sheet adjustable letter legal size paper tray and a single-sheet by-pass tray , ideal for letterhead , envelopes and thicker media . for connectivity , the dcp-7040 also includes a usb interface .
brother mfc-7840w laser multifunction center . the brother mfc-7840w laser multi-function center with wireless networking is an economical , compact device that can handle all your small office printing , copying , scanning , and faxing needs . with crisp , high-quality output and fast print speeds , you wo n't be waiting around for the mfc-7840n to finish its job . it is compatible with both macs and windows , and built-in 802.11b g wireless networking makes it easy for you to share the device with everyone in your office . amazon.com product description the brother mfc-7840w laser multi-function center with wireless networking is an economical , compact device that can handle all your small office printing , copying , scanning , and faxing needs . with crisp , high-quality output and fast print speeds , you wo n't be waiting around for the mfc-7840n to finish its job . it is compatible with both macs and windows , and built-in 802.11b g wireless networking makes it easy for you to share the device with everyone in your office . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } the brother mfc-7840w laser multi-function center with networking offers : prints and copies at up to 23 pages per minute . built-in 802.11b g wireless networking for easy office sharing . automatic document feeder for easy copying , scanning , and faxing of multiple pages . full color scanning at 600 x 2400 dpi optical resolution . support for wireless networking makes sharing the mfc-7840w a snap . view larger . compact , elegant design and multiple networking options the mfc-7840w measures a compact 16.9 x 15.6 x 12 inches ( wxdxh ) and tips in at just under 25 pounds , taking up minimal space in your office . featuring an elegant black color scheme , the device wo n't look out of place in any office . an lcd backlit display keeps you apprised of the device 's status . with usb , ethernet and 802.11b g wireless interfaces , setting up this printer for use with a single computer or with a network is simple . once connected , everyone in your office can print , fax , and scan . the wireless networking supports wep 64 128 , wpa-psk , wpa2-psk , and leap for security so you wo n't have to worry about your sensitive documents falling into the wrong hands . fast print speeds and outstanding output with high compatibility with crisp black output at 2400 x 600 dpi , no one will be straining their eyes to read your latest report . and with the prints coming out at a speedy 23 pages per minute , you wo n't have to wait for them either . the printer includes 32mb of memory and has a maximum monthly duty cycle of 10,000 pages . thanks to support for pcl 6 and br-script3 print emulations , the printer will work seamlessly with a large variety of computers . flexible paper handling with 250-sheet input capacity the mfc-7840n features a 250-sheet paper tray that can be adjusted for both letter and legal size paper . other media , such as envelopes and labels can be fed through the single-sheet bypass slot . the fold-out rear output tray reduces the possibility of paper jams by allowing for a straight paper path when printing envelopes and other thick media . make copies and faxes without turning on the computer using the same components that does the printing , you can make copies at the same fast 23 pages per minute . thanks to a 35-page auto document feeder , you can copy , fax , and scan multiple pages without standing around manually swapping pages . the copier lets you reduce and enlarge from 25 to 400 percent of the original , and you can put 2 or 4 sheets on one page . the copier also supports a sorting function . a built-in 33.6k bps fax modem lets you fax documents at speeds of up to 2 seconds per page . the device supports caller id , out-of-paper reception , external tad interface , distinctive ring detection , auto fax reduction , fax forwarding , automatic redial , dual access , and fax broadcasting of up to 258 locations at once . built-in memory allows the device to store up to 600 pages in memory for faxing . scan photographs , images , and documents scan photographs and pictures at a resolution of up to 19200 x 19200 dpi ( 600 x 2400 dpi optical ) at 48-bit color depth for integrating high-quality images into your documents . with the included ocr software for both windows and mac , you can also easily change paper documents into editable digital copies . the brother mfc-7840n laser multi-function center with networking measures 21.7 x 20.1 x 20.5 inches ( wxdxh ) and is energy star compliant . it is backed by a one-year warranty .
essentials 2-drawer mobile filing cabinet 5093 from nexera , natural maple . essentials 2-drawer filing cabinet features 2 filing drawers on metal slides . the filing drawers accommodate legal size files and the cabinet is mounted on casters for ease of use and mobility . essentials collection features a variety of mobile filing cabinets offered in multiple different finishes to best complement your home working space and add convenient storage to it . designed and made in canada with carb epp scs fsc certified materials . ships in 24-48h from order date . assembly required . visit www.nexeradistribution.com for more details .
trodat 4915 : 1 '' x 2-3 4 '' custom self-inking stamp . trodat 4915 large self inking rubber stamp- customized with your unique text : large , 1 '' x 2-3 4 '' imprint black , red , green , blue or violet ink return address , bank deposit , signature , message or logo stamp
travel-smart mouse pad . allsop widescreen mouse pad - black - bulk manufacturer : allsop upc : 035286296496
kodak esp-5 all-in-one printer . print , copy and scan with this versatile kodak esp 5 all-in-one photo inkjet printer ! the kodak esp 5 delivers an impressive quality and value ! print at 30 ppm ( pages per minute ) in black and 29 ppm in color and create beautiful 4 x 6-inch borderless photos in approximately 30 seconds.scan mulitple photos at a time , areas up to 8.5 x 11.7-inches , and let the included kodak software create separate images automatically . with a large 3-inch color lcd viewer you can evaluate your images in beautiful color , then enhance them before printing . just insert your compatible memory card into a built-in card slot ! use the front usb device port to print directly from your pictbridge compatible digital camera or usb mass storage device ! send images wirelessly to the printer using your bluetooth-enabled imaging device . print high-quality photos and text , copy important documents , and scan your photos and other images ! order this kodak esp 5 all-in-one photo inkjet printer today !
casio basic solar folding compact calculator . the large easy to read big display and folding case make this basic calculator perfect to use at home or away
mod podge waterbase sealer , glue and finish ( 16-ounce ) , cs11202 gloss finish . gloss finish mod podge in a 16 ounce plastic bottle . mod podge dries clear in approximately 15-20 minutes and can be sanded to a smooth finish . apply with brush or sponge applicator . close container after each use . clean up with water while wet . once dry , mod podge can not be removed . use as a puzzle saver , a sealer glue , a quick finish , a textured finish , or a build-up finish . '' non-toxic . uses : the water-based sealer , glue , and finish for all surfaces ! contents : made in the usa .
aleene 's 15594 leather & suede glue 4oz . this nontoxic formula permanently bonds leather , suede , fringes and beadwork to leather . it dries clear and flexible , and is great for leather repair work .
vertiflex vertical 3-shelf condiment organizer , 9 compartments , 14.5 x 11.75 x 15 inches , black ( vfc-1515 ) . organize condiments and other small items with the advantus vertical 3-shelf condiment organizer . there are 6 removable dividers that let you make up to nine compartments to serve larger areas . this is perfect item for restaurants , break rooms , kitchens and more . measuring 14.5 x 11.75 x 15 inches , the commercial-grade construction will not crack , fade or chip . advantus corp. is dedicated to providing innovative quality products at fair prices .
snap-n-store sns01647 collapsible index card file box , holds 1,100 5 x 8 cards , black . snap-n-store decorative and durable storage boxes work throughout your office or home . snap-n-store provides a creative alternative to today 's plastic storage products . and you can store things where you use them ! this box is designed to be an ideal storage place for index cards , receipts , or pictures . assembly is quick and easy-just snap together and begin filing . boxes feature sturdy fiberboard construction with a water-resistant laminate . steel corners for extra protection . chrome label holder on front aids filing and retrieval ; labels included . holds 1,100 5 x 8 inch index cards . black . snap-n-store index card box is simple to store and easy to assemble . simply snap together and begin filing . box is made of sturdy fiberboard construction with a water-resistant laminate and has steel corners for extra protection . chrome label holder on front aids filing and retrieval . index card box holds 1,100 index cards . interior dimensions are 8 '' wide x 8-3 4 '' deep x 5 '' high .
hp photosmart c4480 all-in-one printer ( q8388a ) . hp photosmart c4480 all in one printer . easily print , scan and copy using this compact , affordable all in one . plus , print photos without a pc using the color display and memory card slots . get laser quality text , vivid graphics and lab quality photos that last for generations . amazon . com product description the hp photosmart c4480 all-in-one printer is a compact all-in-one device that can handle all your and your office 's printing , copying , and scanning needs . offering laser-quality black text , vivid color graphics , and lab-quality photo prints , this printer can do it all . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } the hp photosmart c4480 all-in-one printer offers : ability to print , copy , and scan from one device . lab-quality photo prints . print and copy speeds up to 30 ppm black , 23 ppm color . built-in memory card reader lets you print directly from memory cards . print a 4 x 6-inch photo in just 25 seconds with the c4480 . view larger . fast , high-quality output thanks to hp vivera inks and a print resolution of up to 1200 dpi black and 4800 x 1200 dpi color , all your prints -- from text documents to colorful presentation -- will be sharp and clear . fast , too ! the c4480 offers print and copy speeds up to 30 ppm black and up to 23 ppm color . by adding hp 's optional 6-ink photo cartridge , you can produce lab-quality photos as well . a 4 x 6-inch photo will be ready in a mere 25 seconds . thanks to a built-in memory card reader and a 1.5-inch color display , you can easily print photos without a pc ; simply insert the memory card and make sure everything looks okay on the lcd screen . the c4480 can handle a variety of print media including plain , inkjet , and photo papers , envelopes , transparencies , labels , cards , iron-on transfers , borderless media , and panoramic paper up to 8.5 x 24-inches . it can also produce a borderless print up to 8.5 x 11 inches . when you are using different types of media , you can be assured of optimal results thanks to the printer 's automatic paper-type sensor . the input tray has a 100-sheet capacity for letter legal paper , and can hold up to 20 sheets of transparencies , labels , 4 x 6 photos , photo paper , cards , and up to 10 envelopes . the c4480 produces copies at the same high-quality output and fast speed as it does prints . you can reduce and enlarge from 50 to 400 percent of the original , and make up to 50 copies at one time . hp vivera inks offer outstanding print quality . a cis-based flatbed scanner lets you make full 48-bit color scans at up to 1200 x 2400 optical dpi . the maximum scan size is 8.5 x 11.7 , and the device has a scan speed of 13 seconds for preview mode , less than seconds for an ocr scan of a letter-size document , and less than 48 seconds for a 4 x 6 color photo . the scanner outputs in jpeg format for easy convenience . the c4480 measures 17.1 x 23.1 x 6.4 inches ( wxdxh ) is backed by a 1-year manufacturer 's warranty and additional support available from hp total care . what 's in the box hp c4480 printer , blank print cartridge , tri-color print cartridge , power cord , power adapter , setup guide , basics guide , hp software .
house of doolittle 12-month laminated wall planner , 36 '' x 24 '' , undated . undated twelve-month planner offers the ultimate flexibility . start with any month of the year , according to your needs . reversible vertical horizontal format to fit the space you have . laminated surface means it 's easy to wipe off and reuse . unframed . board type : planner ; global product type : n a ; board width : 36 in ; board height : 24 in .
alliance rubber 42649 # 64 non-latex antimicrobial rubber bands , 1 4 lb box contains approx . 95 bands ( 3 1 2 '' x 1 4 '' , cyan blue ) . promote a healthy latex-free environment at work or at home with alliance antimicrobial non-latex rubber bands . ideal for use by or around those with latex sensitivities , these rubber bands are made from a synthetic rubber compound that helps to prevent triggering latex allergy reactions . in addition , they provide antimicrobial protection by impeding the transfer of bacteria , mold and fungi . the bright cyan blue color of these non-latex elastic bands makes them easy to distinguish from regular office rubber bands . the soft stretch of the elastics is easy on your wrists to prevent the symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome when doing repetitive actions , particularly in an office environment . the high rubber content makes these rubber bands strong and durable so that they can be re-used many times . use these antimicrobial rubber bands wherever you would use normal rubber bands , such as for organization in offices , schools or at home . safely bundle utensils in medical facilities or cover up equipment not in use by securing covers with these non-latex bands . they 're also great for packed lunches and to keep produce and food secured . these rubber bands can be sterilized using an autoclave and irradiation so that they 're safe and clean to use in medical facilities .
sheaffer piston converter for sheaffer fountain pens ( 86700 ) , fits prelude , sagaris , intensity , 300 , and 100 fountain pens . sheaffer piston convertor for sheaffer fountain pens enables the use of bottled ink in place of fountain pen ink cartridges . compatible with prelude , sagaris , intensity , 300 , and 100 fountain pens .
victorinox retractable pen refill , blue ink . over the years , both customer needs and technology have changed . the swiss army knife has evolved by responding to these needs , while remaining an essential tool our clients can rely on . that 's our story . but it 's not what turned the victorinox knife into an icon . it 's about the stories our customers experienced in which our products played a vital role : stories about memorable moments of adventure and expeditions on earth , in the sky , and in space . dramatic stories in which our products contributed to solutions and saved lives . even stories of prominent encounters where our knives opened doors , helping to create ties between politicians , opinion leaders and nations . in all of these stories it becomes clear that thanks to the talent of our employees we have been able to develop products that excel in their functionality , quality and design - making them true companions for life . we invite you to discover the world of victorinox and are proud to be a companion for your life . thank you for your interest and trust in victorinox .
storex 12-compartment literature organizer document sorter , grey ( 61601u01c ) . the storex 12-compartment literature organizer is functional . the interior dimension of the product is 9.75 x 12 x 2.125 inches . it is made with 50 % post-consumer recycled material . the durable construction and multi-compartment design will hold a a large quantity of documents at one time . it comes with easy to apply label holders for each compartment , to help even the most cluttered office get and stay organized .
parker jotter retractable ballpoint pen , purple barrel , each - 1738648 . the parker jotter pen is a classic design and one of the most well recognized pens since the 1950 's . the jotter is the original fun ergonomical and reliable pen that inspired numerous other parker as well as competing brand designs . parker jotter pens are now available in lively and professional colors and a few special edition designs as well . ( most classic jotters are shipped individually & bulk unboxed . )
fujitsu pa03540-b055 fi-6130 duplex scanner . scan 18 double-sided pages per minute advanced features for the ultimate ease of use , auto paper size detection auto de-skew auto blank page removal instantly create searchable pdf files scan directly to microsoft office applications quickly organize business card information increase productivity with enhanced functionality simple installation and operation in a compact design advance exchange service program maximizes uptime scanner type : adf ( automatic document feeder ) , duplex color scanning output : color b & w automatic color and bi-tonal detection image sensor : 2x color ccd ( charged coupled device ) optical resolution : 600 dpi scanning speed ( a4 ) : normal mode : color 150dpi , b & w 300dpi - duplex 18 pages per minute 36 images per minute better mode : color 200dpi , b & w 400dpi - duplex 12 pages per minute 24 images per minute best mode : color 300dpi , b & w 600dpi - duplex 6 pages per minute 12 images per minute excellent mode : color 600dpi , b & w 1,200dpi - duplex 0.6 pages per minute 1.2 images per minute scanning range : a4 , a5 , a6 , b5 , b6 , business card , letter , legal and custom sizes ( can be set for upto 5 different paper types ) automatically recognizes paper type by paper length use of carrier sheet permits the scanning of a3 , b4 , double letter and photographs as well as those listed above paper weight ( thickness ) : 14 to 34 lbs 52 to 127 g m2 hopper capacity : 50 sheets ( 20lbs ) interface : usb 2.0 ( usb 1.1 compatible ) operating system : windows 2000 pro ( sp4 ) xp ( sp2 ) vista ( 32-bit ) power requirement : 100 to 240 vac , 50 to 60 hz power consumption : operating- 28w or less ; standby- 6w or less ; sleep- 1w dimensions ( wxdxh ) : 11.2 x 6.2 x 6.2 inch 284 x 157 x 158 mm weight : 5.9 lbs .
balt 27510 mobile floor lectern , oak , 46 '' h x 25 '' w x 20.13 '' d . an attractive and versatile lectern , the floor lectern perfectly combines style and economy . available with an oak or mahogany laminate finish to coordinate with any environment . includes a slanted top , and a retractable side shelf that can be stored inside the lectern when not in use . retractable keyboard laptop shelf includes a security lip to keep equipment in place . an adjustable interior storage shelf provide ample space for storage . recessed 3 '' casters ( two locking ) provide mobility without impairing aesthetics . caster design also prevents tipping . has achieved greenguard gold certification . taa compliant .
board dudes 17 '' x 23 '' chalk board with oak style frame ( cxm80 ) . chalk board with black surface is great for the home , office or school . good size allows for both big and small drawings and writings .
lick & stick remoistenable envelope glue 1.6oz . green sneakers-lick & stick remoistenable envelope glue . it is easy ! all you have to do is remove the cap , invert the bottle , lightly squeeze while applying , let dry , moisten when ready to use . this package contains one 1-1 2 oz tube of glue . nontoxic . conforms to astm d 4236. made in usa .
hp 564xl ink cartridge cyan ( cb323wn ) for hp deskjet 3520 3521 3522 3526 hp officejet 4610 4620 4622 hp photosmart : 5510 5512 5514 5515 5520 5525 6510 6512 6515 6520 6525 7510 7515 7520 7525 b8550 c6340 c6350 d7560 c510 b209 b210 c309 c310 c410 c510 . hp 564xl ink cartridge , cyan high yield ( cb323wn ) . hp 564 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet 3520 , 3521 , 3522 , 3526. hp officejet 4610 , 4620 , 4622. hp photosmart : 5510 , 5512 , 5514 , 5515 , 5520 , 5525 , 6510 , 6512 , 6515 , 6520 , 6525 , 7510 , 7515 , 7520 , 7525 , b8550 , c6340 , c6350 , d7560 , c510 , b209 , b210 , c309 , c310 , c410 , c510 . hp 564 ink xl cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 750 pages . get up to 2x the pages with original hp xl ink cartridges compared to standard cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . compatible ink replacement for hp 564 and 564xl perform differently than hp original genuine brand . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink for : 564 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 564xl ink cartridge ( cb323wn ) color : cyan . < ! -- .headerm { color : # 000000 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:24px ; font-weight : bold ; margin:0 ; padding:0 0 10px ; top : 30px ; text-transform : uppercase ; text-align : left ; } .aplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .subheader { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:14px ; font-weight : bold ; text-align : left ; text-transform : uppercase ; } .acontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } .acontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .style3 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif } .sup-text { font-size : 11px ; } hr.dashed { border-top:1px dashed # 999999 ; color : # ffffff ; height:1px ; margin:3px 0 ; clear : left ; } ul { padding-left:1.1em ; margin-left : 0px ; list-style-position : outside ; *remove indents from list* } li { margin : .6em 0 ; * space btwn lists * } .legal { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:9px ; font-weight : normal ; text-align : left ; line-height:12px ; } -- > hp 564xl cyan inkjet print cartridge ideal for : high-volume printing : get two times more pages than standard ink saving time and money : replace only the color that runs out with individual ink cartridges brilliant , true-to-life color photos that resist fading for generations vs. less than a year using remanufactured inks1 yield2 : 750 pages stock up on hp 564 inks : # 1 brand in ink is also the # 1 value print more . reprint less . original hp ink is proven to be more reliable print up to 65 % more pages than bargain inks3 more than 33 % of tested refilled ink cartridges failed during use or right out of the box3 the tested original hp print cartridges worked every timewithout failing3 buy more , save more hp high-capacity xl print cartridges print two to three times more pages than standard hp print cartridges replace print cartridges less often to avoid wasting plastic and packaging materials hp multi-packs save up to 10 % , on average , over the cost of buying print cartridges separately get two or more cartridges per pack so you always have the ink you need on-hand hp value packs save time and money with ink and paper in one convenient pack print affordable , lab-quality photos in the comfort of your own home create professional-quality marketing materials in your own office recycling made easy designed with the environment in mind free print cartridge recycling with the hp planet partners recycling program recycled plastic from used hp print cartridges and water bottles have made more than 400 million new original hp inkjet print cartridges stock up on hp 564 inks : 1 less than a year of display permanence behind glass is average for north america refill ink brands tested by wilhelm imaging research , inc. ( see www.hp.com go printpermanence ) . hp vivera ink and hp paper average 40x greater display permanence behind glass than refill inks with recommended paper . 2 average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies . 3 a qualitylogic 2009 study compared original hp inkjet print cartridges ( 92a , 93a , 98a , 95a , 21a and 22a ) with refilled ink cartridges sold in north america . for details , see www.qualitylogic.com 2009hpinktest.pdf .
hp 564xl ink cartridge magenta ( cb324wn ) for hp deskjet 3520 3521 3522 3526 hp officejet 4610 4620 4622 hp photosmart : 5510 5512 5514 5515 5520 5525 6510 6512 6515 6520 6525 7510 7515 7520 7525 b8550 c6340 c6350 d7560 c510 b209 b210 c309 c310 c410 c510 . hp 564xl ink cartridge , magenta high yield ( cb324wn ) . hp 564 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet 3520 , 3521 , 3522 , 3526. hp officejet 4610 , 4620 , 4622. hp photosmart : 5510 , 5512 , 5514 , 5515 , 5520 , 5525 , 6510 , 6512 , 6515 , 6520 , 6525 , 7510 , 7515 , 7520 , 7525 , b8550 , c6340 , c6350 , d7560 , c510 , b209 , b210 , c309 , c310 , c410 , c510 . hp 564 ink xlcartridge yield ( approx . ) : 750 pages . get up to 2x the pages with original hp xl ink cartridges compared to standard cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . compatible ink replacement for hp 564 and 564xl perform differently than hp original genuine brand . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink for : 564 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 564xl ink cartridge ( cb324wn ) color : magenta . < ! -- .headerm { color : # 000000 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:24px ; font-weight : bold ; margin:0 ; padding:0 0 10px ; top : 30px ; text-transform : uppercase ; text-align : left ; } .aplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .subheader { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:14px ; font-weight : bold ; text-align : left ; text-transform : uppercase ; } .acontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } .acontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .style3 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif } .sup-text { font-size : 11px ; } hr.dashed { border-top:1px dashed # 999999 ; color : # ffffff ; height:1px ; margin:3px 0 ; clear : left ; } ul { padding-left:1.1em ; margin-left : 0px ; list-style-position : outside ; *remove indents from list* } li { margin : .6em 0 ; * space btwn lists * } .legal { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:9px ; font-weight : normal ; text-align : left ; line-height:12px ; } -- > hp 564xl magenta inkjet print cartridge ideal for : high-volume printing : get two times more pages than standard ink saving time and money : replace only the color that runs out with individual ink cartridges brilliant , true-to-life color photos that resist fading for generations vs. less than a year using remanufactured inks1 yield2 : 750 pages stock up on hp 564 inks : # 1 brand in ink is also the # 1 value print more . reprint less . original hp ink is proven to be more reliable print up to 65 % more pages than bargain inks3 more than 33 % of tested refilled ink cartridges failed during use or right out of the box3 the tested original hp print cartridges worked every timewithout failing3 buy more , save more hp high-capacity xl print cartridges print two to three times more pages than standard hp print cartridges replace print cartridges less often to avoid wasting plastic and packaging materials hp multi-packs save up to 10 % , on average , over the cost of buying print cartridges separately get two or more cartridges per pack so you always have the ink you need on-hand hp value packs save time and money with ink and paper in one convenient pack print affordable , lab-quality photos in the comfort of your own home create professional-quality marketing materials in your own office recycling made easy designed with the environment in mind free print cartridge recycling with the hp planet partners recycling program recycled plastic from used hp print cartridges and water bottles have made more than 400 million new original hp inkjet print cartridges stock up on hp 564 inks : 1 less than a year of display permanence behind glass is average for north america refill ink brands tested by wilhelm imaging research , inc. ( see www.hp.com go printpermanence ) . hp vivera ink and hp paper average 40x greater display permanence behind glass than refill inks with recommended paper . 2 average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies . 3 a qualitylogic 2009 study compared original hp inkjet print cartridges ( 92a , 93a , 98a , 95a , 21a and 22a ) with refilled ink cartridges sold in north america . for details , see www.qualitylogic.com 2009hpinktest.pdf .
hp 564 black ink cartridge ( cb316wn ) for hp deskjet 3520 3521 3522 3526 hp officejet 4610 4620 4622 hp photosmart : 5510 5512 5514 5515 5520 5525 6510 6512 6515 6520 6525 7510 7515 7520 7525 b8550 c6340 c6350 d7560 c510 b209 b210 c309 c310 c410 c510 . hp 564 black ink cartridge ( cb316wn ) . hp 564 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet 3520 , 3521 , 3522 , 3526. hp officejet 4610 , 4620 , 4622. hp photosmart : 5510 , 5512 , 5514 , 5515 , 5520 , 5525 , 6510 , 6512 , 6515 , 6520 , 6525 , 7510 , 7515 , 7520 , 7525 , b8550 , c6340 , c6350 , d7560 , c510 , b209 , b210 , c309 , c310 , c410 , c510 hp 564 ink cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 250 pages . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . compatible ink replacement for hp 564 and 564xl perform differently than hp original genuine brand . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink for : 564 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 564 ink cartridge ( cb316wn ) color : black . < ! -- .headerm { color : # 000000 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:24px ; font-weight : bold ; margin:0 ; padding:0 0 10px ; top : 30px ; text-transform : uppercase ; text-align : left ; } .aplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .subheader { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:14px ; font-weight : bold ; text-align : left ; text-transform : uppercase ; } .acontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } .acontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .style3 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif } .sup-text { font-size : 11px ; } hr.dashed { border-top:1px dashed # 999999 ; color : # ffffff ; height:1px ; margin:3px 0 ; clear : left ; } ul { padding-left:1.1em ; margin-left : 0px ; list-style-position : outside ; *remove indents from list* } li { margin : .6em 0 ; * space btwn lists * } .legal { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:9px ; font-weight : normal ; text-align : left ; line-height:12px ; } -- > hp 564 black inkjet print cartridge ideal for : crisp black text photos that resist fading for generations vs. less than a year using remanufactured inks1 yield2 : 250 pages stock up on hp 564 inks : # 1 brand in ink is also the # 1 value print more . reprint less . original hp ink is proven to be more reliable print up to 65 % more pages than bargain inks3 more than 33 % of tested refilled ink cartridges failed during use or right out of the box3 the tested original hp print cartridges worked every timewithout failing3 buy more , save more hp high-capacity xl print cartridges print two to three times more pages than standard hp print cartridges replace print cartridges less often to avoid wasting plastic and packaging materials hp multi-packs save up to 10 % , on average , over the cost of buying print cartridges separately get two or more cartridges per pack so you always have the ink you need on-hand hp value packs save time and money with ink and paper in one convenient pack print affordable , lab-quality photos in the comfort of your own home create professional-quality marketing materials in your own office recycling made easy designed with the environment in mind free print cartridge recycling with the hp planet partners recycling program recycled plastic from used hp print cartridges and water bottles have made more than 400 million new original hp inkjet print cartridges stock up on hp 564 inks : 1 less than a year of display permanence behind glass is average for north america refill ink brands tested by wilhelm imaging research , inc. ( see www.hp.com go printpermanence ) . hp vivera ink and hp paper average 40x greater display permanence behind glass than refill inks with recommended paper . 2 average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies . 3 a qualitylogic 2009 study compared original hp inkjet print cartridges ( 92a , 93a , 98a , 95a , 21a and 22a ) with refilled ink cartridges sold in north america . for details , see www.qualitylogic.com 2009hpinktest.pdf .
neochalk liquid chalk marker chisel tip-set of 8 . these neon wet erase liquid chalk markers are a great sign marker , window marker or general glass marker . chisel tip gives you control for super fine writing or 1 4 '' broad stroke writing . they dry in seconds
prismacolor premier water-soluble colored pencils , 36 pack . create shimmering , translucent effects with prismacolor premier water-soluble colored pencils . youll be treated to 36 watercolor colored pencils with cores of unparalleled solubility that can be paired with a brush to soak your sketches in glassy surfaces and dreamy textures . prismacolor coloring book pencils have high-quality pigments that can be used dry to match the prismacolor palette . now you can flawlessly transition between lifelike liquids and precise details .
hp laserjet p2055dn printer monochrome . in addition to its radical simplicity , the hp laserjet p2055 printer series also enables high productivity through fast speeds , easy supplies and device manageability , and automatic two sided printing . safeguard your business with security capabilities that help protect devices and critical information on your network . prevent unauthorized access with management features like 802.1x authentication and password protection . work more productively with a printer thats easy to use and manage . proactively manage your fleet of devices and utilize it resources where theyre most needed with hp web jetadmin . the hp universal print driver lets you use a single driver to communicate directly with each hp device on your network and customize the user interface to show all available printer features . want reliable , high-volume business printing ? then you need an hp laserjet . print professional-quality documents fast thanks to instant-on technology , plus save money because there are fewer parts to replace compared to other laser printers ( 1 ) . specifications : features : save paper with a powerful printer  save up to 25 % in paper costs with automatic two-sided printing  share your printer using built-in gigabit networking  protect important data with advanced security features like password protection  print documents nearly two times faster than comparable laser printers using instant-on technology ( 2 )  manage your printer using the two-line lcd control panel  view printer status and alerts from your desktop using hp easy printer care software ( 3 )  reduce interruptions : print up to 250 pages without reloading the paper tray  print on special paper using the additional 50-sheet multipurpose tray boost your business image  create professional-quality documents right in your office  print the exact quantities you need to save money and paper  produce documents on the spot to avoid having outdated or extra copies for business templates and tips on growing and marketing your business , visit the hp creative studio at www.hp.com print . save energy  hp laserjet printers with instant-on technology have saved enough carbon emissions to equal taking 1.1 million cars off the road for one year ( 4 ) remember compatible toner , paper and accessories  hp , the # 1 brand in toner is the # 1 value  produce bold , crisp text and sharp images using original hp print cartridges  save money : choose the optional `` x '' high-capacity print cartridge ( 5 )  over 25 % of the pages inspected from the tested remanufactured cartridges were not good enough for distribution outside of the office ( 6 )  print professional-quality business documents using a variety of original hp paper  connect your pc to this hp printer easily using a usb cable see all the compatible toner and recommended papers here recycle  recycle your print cartridges for free : visit www.hp.com recycle for details in 2006 , hp recycled more than 164 million pounds of hardware and print cartridgesthe same weight as 600 jumbo jets .
boss office products b959-bk ivy league executive guest chair in black . this boss traditional black caressoft guest chair boasts elegantly upholstered black caressoft vinyl cushions with a mahogany finished wooden base . this guest chair features a seat measuring 20 '' w x 19 '' d with a seat height of 18 inches . the overall size of the chair measures 24.5 '' w x 27 '' d x 35.5 '' h , offering a seating solution that can accommodate in most rooms . with quality manufacturing and a weight capacity of 250 pounds , the boss traditional black caressoft guest chair provides comfort and style in a home for many years .
epson stylus photo r2880 wide-format color inkjet printer ( c11ca16201 ) . produce exhibition quality prints with unprecedented control with the epson r2880 photo printer , the choice for professional and fine art photographers . with its innovative ink set , epson ultrachrome k3tm with vivid magenta , this powerful printer offers an astounding color gamut for brilliant blues , purples and reds . designed to easily deliver large-format photos worthy of gallery display , the 13-inch r2880 includes radiancetm technology , which ensures smooth color transitions , and improved highlight and shadow detail . its three-level black technology offers a better gray balance and outstanding tonal range . and , advanced black-and-white photo mode ensures precision control for neutral or toned black-and-white prints . take your creativity further with its versatile media handling capabilities . print on roll paper , fine art paper or 1.3 mm thick art board . the r2880 always delivers professional performance with its one-inch wide , permanent print head . and , for more consistent printing , it includes automatic nozzle check technology , plus epson precisecolor . achieve professional results , with the quality , control and versatility of the epson r2880 photo printer . designed to deliver your creative vision without compromise , the epson stylus photo r2880 includes an advanced ink set and versatile features for incredible quality and control . boasting the same technology professional photographers demand , epson ultrachrome k3 with vivid magenta ink gives the r2880 a larger color gamut for more saturated reds , blues and purples . this innovative ink set also employs threelevel black technology for outstanding tonal range , while advanced blackandwhite photo mode gives users the control they need , ensuring stunning neutral or toned blackandwhite images that rival darkroom prints . taking image quality even further , radiance technology delivers truer , more lifelike color with improved highlight and shadow detail . this powerful machine has the flexibility to create beautiful prints on a full range of professional and fineart media , including glossy , luster and canvas up to 13 inches wide . achieve professional results every time with the quality , control and versatility of the epson stylus photo r2880 . epson ultrachrome k3 with vivid magenta ink technology this professional , 8color ink set with advanced magenta pigments provides more dramatic reds , blues and purples for exhibition quality prints . its threelevel black technology delivers richer blacks , outstanding tonal range and an unprecedented gray balance , all of which ensure stunning blackandwhite prints . this pigment ink set offers color stability , which means the prints you view right out of the printer stay consistent over time . and , it boasts print permanence ratings up to 200 years or more* . so , whether you want to display your prints or sell them in a gallery , you can be sure they  ll last for generations to come . with epson ultrachrome k3 with vivid magenta , you get print quality and longevity that satisfies the most demanding professional photographer . radiance technology epson partnered with world-renowned color scientists at the rochester institute of technology to develop radiance technology , an advanced mathematical architecture that optimizes the use of each color more efficiently to maximize the total color gamut . radiance also ensures smoother tonality in shadows and highlights , as well as reduced grain and vivid colors that stay consistent in virtually any light . the result is a truer photographic look outstanding image quality . advanced blackandwhite photo mode part of an advanced workflow , this exclusive technology is your key to intuitive and consistent control , for stunning neutral or toned blackandwhite prints . choose from one of four preset menus  neutral , warm , cool or sepia . or , fine tune your image further with custom slider bars and the color tone wheel that gives you precise control . customized settings can be saved and recalled to achieve consistent prints every time . professional media versatility explore your creativity with a printer that supports a full range of professional media , including luster paper , fine art paper , epson exhibition fiber paper and even roll paper . print brilliant panoramas up to 44 inches long , on canvas or other media types . or , print borderless prints in popular photo sizes . this versatile performer accommodates 1.3 mm thick art boards . and , you can even print directly onto ink jet printable cds and dvds for professional digital portfolios.. advanced micropiezo print head with amc our advanced micropiezo print head with amc ( advanced meniscus control ) is at the core of epson  s advanced ink jet technology and enables the epson stylus photo r2880 to deliver such incredible detail . this permanent , highperformance print head creates variable sized droplets as small as 3 picoliters and places them with remarkable accuracy and precision . this professional print head also incorporates an inkrepelling coating which decreases maintenance and increases reliability . working together with epson precisecolor technology , the print head delivers consistent print quality every time from every epson stylus photo r2880 . features benefits recommended supplies epson ink supplies 96 photo black ultrachrome k3 ink cartridge ( t096120 ) 96 cyan ultrachrome k3 ink cartridge ( t096220 ) 96 vivid magenta ultrachrome k3 ink cartridge ( t096320 ) 96 yellow ultrachrome k3 ink cartridge ( t096420 ) 96 light cyan ultrachrome k3 ink cartridge ( t096520 ) 96 vivid light magenta ultrachrome k3 ink cartridge ( t096620 ) 96 light black ultrachrome k3 ink cartridge ( t096720 ) 96 matte black ultrachrome k3 ink cartridge ( t096820 ) 96 light light black ultrachrome k3 ink cartridge ( t096920 ) premium photo paper semi-gloss , 8.5 '' x 11 '' , 20 sheets ( s041331 ) velvet fine art paper , 13 '' x 19 '' , 20 sheets ( s045637 ) premium canvas matte , 13 '' x 20  , 1 roll ( s045072 ) * ink lightfastness rating is based on accelerated testing of prints on specialty media , displayed indoors , under uv filter . actual print stability will vary according to media , printed image , display conditions , light intensity , humidity , temperature and atmospheric conditions . epson does not guarantee the longevity of prints . for maximum print life , display all prints under glass , uv filter or lamination or properly store them . visit www.wilhelm-research.com for the latest information .
ultra pro postcard soft sleeves ultra clear holds 3-11 16 '' x 5-3 4 '' postcards 100-count . ultra pro postcard sleeves hold postcards 3 11 16 '' x 5 3 4 '' . archival-grade , acid-free and non-pvc premium card sleeves designed to hold photos and postcards and with matching size toploaders . 100 count per pack .
officemate recycled 2-in-1 heavy duty tape dispenser , 1 '' and 3 '' cores , black ( 96690 ) . dispenser with weighted base allows easy one-hand dispensing and holds both standard 2 '' packing tape as well as 3 4 '' tape . features a handy compartment for storing pens , pencils and supplies .
hp laserjet p2035 monochrome printer ( ce461a # aba ) . hp laserjet p2035 from the manufacturer want reliable , high-volume business printing ? then you need an hp laserjet . print professional-quality documents fast thanks to instant-on technology , plus save money because there are fewer parts to replace compared to other laser printers ( 1 ) . specifications : features : print on a variety of sizes  create everyday business documents , postcards , envelopes and more  print documents nearly two times faster than comparable laser printers using instant-on technology ( 2 )  view printer status and alerts from your desktop using hp easy printer care software ( 3 )  reduce interruptions : print up to 250 pages without reloading the paper tray  print on special paper using the additional 50-sheet multipurpose tray boost your business image  create professional-quality documents right in your office  print the exact quantities you need to save money and paper  produce documents on the spot to avoid having outdated or extra copies for business templates and tips on growing and marketing your business , visit the hp creative studio at www.hp.com print . save energy  hp laserjet printers with instant-on technology have saved enough carbon emissions to equal taking 1.1 million cars off the road for one year ( 4 ) remember compatible toner , paper and accessories  hp , the # 1 brand in toner is the # 1 value  produce bold , crisp text and sharp images using original hp print cartridges  over 25 % of the pages inspected from the tested remanufactured cartridges were not good enough for distribution outside of the office ( 5 )  print professional-quality business documents using a variety of original hp paper  connect your pc to this hp printer easily using a usb cable see all the compatible toner and recommended papers here recycle  recycle your print cartridges for free : visit www.hp.com recycle for details in 2006 , hp recycled more than 164 million pounds of hardware and print cartridgesthe same weight as 600 jumbo jets .
trodat professional numberer , 10 digit self-inking numbering stamp , 3 8 x 2 1 4 inches ( t55510 ) . for more than forty years u.s. stamp & sign has led the industry with a steadily growing list of innovative identification products . their wide range of offerings include top quality stamps , business stationery , custom signage and much more for the home , office and small business markets . as the inventor of pad-free stamps , u.s. stamp & sign has helped both small and large businesses by providing easy-to-use products at an affordable price . the u.s. stamp & sign trodat professional self-inking 10 digit number stamp is perfect for heavy-duty office use . with the sturdy steel frame covered by an ergonomic plastic , this self-inking black stamp stands up to intensive , repetitive use in all of your numbering jobs . it delivers up to 10,000 impressions before the stamp pad needs to be replaced . the stamp impression size measures 3 8 x 1-5 8 inches . u.s. stamp & sign is proud to provide the professional tools to maximize everyday communication .
fellowes 5217401 quasar manual wire binding machine , 18 1 8 x 15 3 8 x 5 1 8 , metallic gray . user-friendly machine combines excellent performance and features . punches up to 15 sheets of paper at a timebinds up to 130 sheets with a 9 16 '' wire . allows user to punch & bind continuously for maximum productivity . loads vertically for accurate punch alignment . adjustable edge guide centers documents with easesee-thru window shows when to empty waste drawer . includes comb storage tray , document measurement tool , and binding starter pack ( contents : 20 pk assorted kit )
traditional 8 digit rubber number stamp , type size 1 , black ( rn018 ) . for more than forty years u.s. stamp & sign has led the industry with a steadily growing list of innovative identification products . their wide range of offerings include top quality stamps , business stationery , custom signage and much more for the home , office and small business markets . as the inventor of pad-free stamps , u.s. stamp & sign has helped both small and large businesses by providing easy-to-use products at an affordable price . the u.s. stamp & sign qwikmark traditional 8 digit rubber number stamp is built to handle big numbering jobs . with a heavy-duty steel frame , this rubber stamp stands up to active use . ideal for large or small offices , this reliable traditional rubber stamp requires a separate ink pad and has a type size of 1. u.s. stamp & sign is proud to provide the professional tools to maximize everyday communication .
texas instruments ( 34mv tbl 1l1 ) ti-34 multiview scientific calculator . intermediate , four-line scientific calculator with advanced fraction capabilities for middle school math and science . key features : four-line display one- and two-variable statistics mathprint feature advanced fraction capabilities step-by-step fraction simplification edit , cut , and paste entries solar and battery powered ideal for : middle school math pre-algebra algebra 1 and 2 general science geometry
kantek mobile cpu stand with adjustable width and locking casters ( cs200b ) . mobile cpu stand features a slim sleek design . adjustable width accommodates a large range of cpus . supports up to 60 lbs . 4 locking caster wheels for stability . black .
weighmax w-4830 industrial postal scale 330lb . xtro 330 weighmax xtro 330 is a high end industrial scale weight up to 330.0 lb 75.0 kg with a wired remote display for easy reading . the stainless steel platform is designed especially for weighing large and heavy objects . xtro 150 is the perfect digital shipping scale for postal , packaging , shipping , manufacturing or industrial requirements . ( clock bulited-in ) feature : max weight capacity 330 lb sensitivity : 0.05kg 0.1lb easy button : on off , tare and mode wired remote large back-lit lcd display builted-in clock oversize stainless steel weighing platform measuring units : pounds ounces , kilograms grams . auto off feature 1 9volt batteries included 9v a c adaptor included overload indication ( eeee ) can be calibrated follow by the manual . platform dimensions ( wxdxh ) : 11.25 '' x 1.25 '' x 12 '' lifetime warranty
compact computer desk with side shelf and keyboard panel . color : cherry . this techni mobili compact computer desk saves space with its compact footprint . it has a simple yet sturdy design made of heavy-duty engineered wood panels with a moisture resistant pvc laminate veneer and a scratch-resistant powder-coated steel frame . it features a slide-out keyboard shelf equipped with a safety stop , and a side accessory shelf . the slide-out keyboard shelf and accessory shelf each have a 30 lb weight capacity , while the desktop can hold up to 80 lbs .
7 mil luggage tag laminating pouches w slot 2-1 2 '' x 4-1 4 '' ( 500 bx ) . 500 box luggage tag size 2-1 2 '' x 4-1 4 '' ( 64mm x 108mm ) hot thermal ( heat activated ) clear glossy laminating pouches . 7 mils ( 175 microns ) thick in each flap and sealed on just one edge . these pouches have standard 1 8 '' radius rounded corners . quality meets or exceeds all major brands , but at generic pricing . special 500 pouches per box packaging includes at least 5 silicone coated carriers . maximum card stock size recommeded for this pouch is 2-1 4 '' x 3-11 16 '' ( or less ) to leave a standard 1 8 '' border of clear laminate around 2 sides of card for a secure sealed edge and avoid the slot by 1 8 '' too .
eli26072 - elite image cd dvd laser inkjet label . cd dvd labels , permanent adhesive , 100 pk , matte white
12 rolls of 1375 2x1 direct thermal labels zebra 2824 eltron 2844 printers . we manufacture our own labels . ; our labels are cut fresh daily and stock is continually renewed . ; we use premium material for all our labels . ; our labels are peel and stick labels . ; we are here to help you , please contact us by email at info @ trusthimlabels.com or by phone at 407.834.3605 .
propackagingsupply 250 4 '' x 6 '' direct thermal zebra 2844 zp-450 shipping labels , 20 rolls . 20 rolls of 250 4x6 direct thermal zebra 2844 zp-450 shipping labels . we manufacture our own labels .
ceiling hanglers grid clip put-er up-er 1 pk . allows you to put up twist-on grid clips without standing on ladders , stools , desks or chairs . put-er up-er fits on most standard threaded poles . pole not included
stikkiworks stk33011 deluxe chalk keeper holder . chalk holders make handling chalk all day much less messy and much more comfortable ! keeps chalk from breaking , and keeps hands and clothes free of chalk dust . absolutely the best chalk holder available ! highest quality all steel design and construction , black and chrome . holds all standard chalk . our deluxe chalk keeper is the only one that 's guaranteed forever !
xerox 7600 ultra slim portable flatbed scanner 1200 dpi usb with one touch technology ( x76007d-wu ) . whether you are scanning photos and documents at your desk or the library or the conference room , xerox has brought quality and ease of use to your fingertips . the xerox 7600 changes the way people think of scanning . five buttons powered by visioneer ... whether you are scanning photos and documents at your desk or the library or the conference room , xerox has brought quality and ease of use to your fingertips . the xerox 7600 changes the way people think of scanning . five buttons powered by visioneer onetouch come pre-configured for common scanning tasks so you can scan to popular destinations such as email , folders and photo editing software . one touch buttons can also be customized to unleash even more power for advanced users . whether you are a wildlife or landscape photographer or just want to scan your family photos , the xerox 7600 usb is the perfect tool to indulge your creativity . with 1200 dpi optical resolution and 48-bit color , the xerox 7600 usb captures the finest detail from your original image . the software to get the job done . arcsoft photoimpression offers the perfect combination of power and simplicity so you can do more with your photos . from quick corrections to creative editing , you can easily achieve highquality results . whether you scan traditional photos , drawings , or maps , photoimpression makes digital imaging a breeze . photoimpression allows you to edit , retouch , enhance and manipulate your photos , turning them into compelling visuals for inclusion in hundreds of projects . nuance paperport automatically creates thumbnails of your documents and images then lets you organize them in color coded folders or drag and drop them to your favorite applications on the linkbar . the xerox 7600 usb is ideal for the photo enthusiast who wants to scan photos and prints . it also works well for establishing a paperless office or creating colorful projects for print or internet use . scanning photos and documents has never been easier . includes drivers designed for windows vista and xp to ensure compatibility and enhance your digital imaging experience . stay connected with family and friends . lay a photo , document or magazine article on the glass , press the email button and visioneers onetouch technology takes over . onetouch automatically finds the edges of your picture , performs a high resolution scan then launches your email application and attaches the scanned photo or document to a new message as a jpeg or pdf file for example . all you need to do is type in the email address . manage your documents in a paperless office . the scan button sends documents or images to the paperport desktop where you can drag them into folders you create according to your organizational needs . paperport is the perfect application for managing your home or business records . for extra peace of mind , copy your scanned records to removable media such as a cd-r or dvd-r disk for storage in a safe place . scan photos for easy image editing . arcsoft photoimpression is included with your scanner so that you can edit , resize and enhance your photos . the photo button is directly mapped so that your scanned photos are opened in the photoimpression application . photoimpression allows you to enhance , resize and crop your photos , save photos in all major file formats , and organize related photos in groups . apply clipart , frames , and edge effects to your photos , or create many other fun and creative effects . turn your pc and printer into a copy machine . need to make a copy ? your scanner , printer and pc provide all you all the gear you need to make copies with the push of a button . lay adocument on the glass , press the scanner 's copy button and visioneers onetouch technology scans and sends the page to your printer for a crisp black and white or color copy . relax . your documents are protected . you can have peace of mind knowing that your important documents , records , photos and certificates are backed up . use the archive button to scan your important documents to be burned onto cd-r or dvd-r. paper is a temporary state of information . scanning your documents is the first step to ensure their survival beyond paper . storing these documents off-line on removable media is added assurance that they will be protected if your computer faces theft , loss , a natural disaster or a hard disk crash . xerox 7600 scanner , power supply , usb 2.0 cable , quick install card , technical support card , cd-rom including drivers and bundled software .
kantek height-adjustable monitor laptop stand with drawer , 17 x 13 x 3 to 6-1 2 inches , black ( ms420 ) . extra large platform accommodates both lcd and crt monitors , as well as laptops , fax machines , and printers . raises monitor or laptop to a comfortable viewing level . includes convenient organizing drawer for your paper , files and supplies . contains 30 % recycled post-consumer waste .
paper mate 69072 phd multi 3-in-1 retractable ballpoint pen and mechanical pencil , blue body . paper mate 69072 phd multi 3-in-1 retractable ballpoint pen and mechanical pencil , blue body . two ballpoint pens and a mechanical pencil all in one . easily switch from black pen to red pen to 0.5 lead mechanical pencil with a simple twist . comfortable ergonomic triangular grip is endorsed by the american physical therapy association to provide the highest degree of writing comfort . retractable click-advance protects pockets and purses . retractable click-advance protects pockets and purses . 3-in-1 blue body pen contains 1 black ink , 1 red ink and 1 mechanical pencil .
homeandwine acrylic desk organizer for office . attractive desktop organizer for office and made by acrylic
hp photosmart b8550 inkjet photo printer . experience reliable , all-purpose , professional printing performance without paying professional prices ; choose this cost-effective peripheral . color photograph optimization boosts snapshot printing resolution to an amazing 9600 x 2400 dpi . real life technologies , including auto red-eye removal , photo fix , sharpening and smartfocus , ensure greater than photo lab-quality results . dual-drop-volume printheads fire droplets as small as 1.3 picoliters to produce photos , graphics and documents with smooth colors , intricate details and crisp text . versatile ( 3 1 2 to 13 inch ) x ( 5 to 44 inch ) media handling range accommodates everything from card photo to banner printing . auto sense technology coupled with the 20 sheet , automated photo media tray streamlines operation . maximum print speed ( black ) : 32.0 ppm ; network ready : no ; printer type : inkjet ; print resolution ( color ) ( width x height ) : 1200 x 1200 dpi . amazon.com product description the hp photosmart b8550 inkjet photo printer makes it easy to produce lab-quality photos as large as 13 x 19-inches at home . enjoy the versatility of printing from your computer , from a supported memory card , or directly from your pictbridge enabled camera . and because this photosmart printer also produces laser-quality text , you can rely on it for all your printing needs . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } img.withlink { border:1px black solid ; } the hp photosmart b8550 inkjet photo printer offers : lab-quality photos as large as 13 x 19-inches laser-quality text 1200 x 1200 dpi ; photos up to 9600 x 2400 optimized dpi speeds up to 32 ppm easy-to-access ports let you print directly from memory cards . the hp photosmart b8550 inkjet photo printer produces lab-quality photos up to 13 x 19-inches . view larger . review photos using a 2.4-inch color lcd display . view larger . print directly from cameras and memory cards printing photos and enlargements at home is convenient and cost-effective . the hp photosmart b8550 inkjet photo printer offers several printing options . with a 2.4-inch color lcd display , you can review , select , and enhance photos without the use of your computer . it features 15 convenient buttons that let you zoom-in to check out details before you print and perform quick editing tasks . with special hp technology , red eye reduction is as easy as pushing a single button , and the printer 's four led indicators let you know if anything needs your attention before you start printing . dedicated slots let you print directly from a variety of common memory cards , including compact flash , memory stick , memory stick duo , secure digital multimediacards , and xd-picture cards . you can also print right from any pictbridge enabled camera or computer using one of the printer 's high-speed usb connections . this printer also supports wireless operation with the use of hp blue tooth adapters ( not included ) . print almost anything , fast the 125-sheet main tray holds paper from 4 x 6-inches to 13 x 19-inches , including envelopes , standard letter paper , and legal-sized paper . a specialized tray makes it easy to load paper in three common photo sizes -- 3.5 x 5-inches , 4 x 6-inches , and 5 x 7-inches . additionally , borderless printing is supported for prints up to 13 x 44-inches . document printing is fast , at up to 32 pages per minute for black-and-white draft-quality letters and 31 pages per minute for color draft-quality letters . unlike with some multi-use printers , photo printing is quick , too . a 13 x 19-inch color photo may be finished printing in as little as 95 seconds . innovative technology for quality and reliability four hp 564 dye-ink cartridges in cyan , magenta , yellow , and photo black provide vivid color images and high-quality black-and-white photos . for laser-quality black text on paper , a fifth cartridge contains black pigment ink . combined with advanced photo paper , these vivera inks offer instant-dry , smudge-resistant photos . plus , with the five-ink system , you only have to replace the cartridges you need , saving you money . there 's plenty of innovative technology behind hp 's photo printers . unique auto sense technology uses optical sensors to optimize settings based on what type of paper you are using . and when printing begins , dual-drop volume technology means the specialized print head delivers extremely small drops , allowing detailed images to contain smooth transitions . when you select the `` best '' print quality option for color or black and white , this photosmart printer prints up to 1200 x 1200 dpi . for photographs , it can render images with up to 9600 x 2400-optimized dpi color ( when printing from a computer on selected hp photo papers and with 1200-input dpi ) . this hp photosmart printer is backed by a one-year limited hardware warranty and one-year of technical phone support . what 's in the box hp photosmart b8550 , printhead assembly , hp 564 black ink cartridge , hp 564 photo black ink cartridge , hp 564 cyan ink cartridge , hp 564 magenta ink cartridge , hp 564 yellow ink cartridge , power cord , software cd , photo media sample pack , start here poster , user guide , and creative projects guide .
polycom soundstation ip 6000 2200-15600-001 for poe - no power supply included . the soundstation ip 6000 is an advanced ip conference phone that delivers superior performance for small to midsize conference rooms . with advanced features , broadsip interoperability and remarkable voice quality , the soundstation ip 6000 offers price performance breakthrough for sip-enabled ip environments.the soundstation ip 6000 features polycom hd voice technology , boosting productivity and reducing listener fatigue by turning ordinary conference calls into crystal-clear interactive conversations . it delivers high-fidelity audio from 220 hz to14 khz , capturing both the deeper lows and higher frequencies of the human voice for conference calls that sound as natural as being there . optional expansion microphones ( sold separately ) poe 802.3af ( power over ethernet ) power supply not included .
sharpie plastic point stick water resistant pen , ink , fine , pack of 12 , black ( 1742663 ) . the mark of the perfect pen . the performance of a sharpie permanent marker meets pen-like precision : that 's the signature of the one-and-only sharpie pen . a slim design , contoured grip , and fine point come together to deliver dreamlike detail and ridiculous control . inspiring action with your writing and art , sharpie pens feature quick-drying , fade-resistant ink that wo n't bleed through paper . the result is an incredible writing instrument .
vu ryte adjustable document copy holder , in-line with monitor minimizing head and neck and eye movement , supports sheets and books , line guide , easel clip , 14 inches wide ( vur 14dc ) .
safariland 7350-01-2 circular badge holder , black , plain . safariland 's model 7350-01 badge holder has a 3 '' circular shape and is designed to fit star shaped badges . it features a sturdy metal clip for pockets or belt .
epson workforce gt-1500 document image sheet-fed scanner with automatic document feeder ( adf ) ( discontinued by manfacturer ) . get superior image quality and enhanced productivity from the workforce gt-1500 color document imaging scanner . this easy-to-use scanner offers the versatility you need to electronically archive important documents or share records with your workgroup . and , with 1200 x 2400 dpi resolution , it delivers truly amazing quality , so you can capture every detail all with easy , one-touch scanning . this powerful performer makes it easy to scan stacks of records , applications and forms . use the high-capacity automatic document feeder to quickly scan a variety of sizes up to 8.5x14 . the workforce gt-1500 speeds through scans up to 20 pages per minute , giving you more time to tackle other tasks . and , it not only offers greater productivity , it ensures more efficient operation . with innovative readyscantm led technology , theres no warmup time required . best of all , this led technology does not include any mercury , and it reduces power consumption . the smart choice for all your document imaging needs , the workforce gt-1500 includes a powerful software package . abbyy finereader sprint plus ocr allows you to create editable text from scans , while scansoft paperport makes it easy to organize all your documents . use epson scan to create multi-page pdfs , or to copy or send scans as e-mail attachments . its all right at your fingertips with the workforce gt-1500 , a powerful performer available at an amazing value . from the manufacturer get superior image quality and enhanced productivity from the workforce gt-1500 color document imaging scanner . this easy-to-use scanner offers the versatility you need to electronically archive important documents or share records with your workgroup . and , with 1200 x 2400 dpi resolution , it delivers truly amazing quality , so you can capture every detail - all with easy , one-touch scanning . this powerful performer makes it easy to scan stacks of records , applications and forms . use the high-capacity automatic document feeder to quickly scan a variety of sizes up to 8.5x14 . the workforce gt-1500 speeds through scans up to 20 pages per minute , giving you more time to tackle other tasks . and , it not only offers greater productivity , it ensures more efficient operation . with innovative readyscantm led technology , there  s no warmup time required . best of all , this led technology does not include any mercury , and it reduces power consumption . the smart choice for all your document imaging needs , the workforce gt-1500 includes a powerful software package . abbyy finereader sprint plus ocr allows you to create editable text from scans , while scansoft paperport makes it easy to organize all your documents . use epson scan to create multi-page pdfs , or to copy or send scans as e-mail attachments . it  s all right at your fingertips with the workforce gt-1500 , a powerful performer available at an amazing value . the epson workforce gt-1500 uses the innovative readyscan led technology the epson workforce gt-1500 is certified with popular document imaging isvs such as kofax and captiva readyscan led technology this energy-efficient light source uses less power , while ensuring greater productivity . and , there 's no warmup time required . best of all , with no mercury included , this led technology is better for the environment . compatible with popular document imaging applications the epson workforce gt-1500 includes both epson scan twain and emc captiva isis drivers for compatibility with popular document imaging applications from independent software vendors . the workforce gt-1500 has also been certified by kofax , one of the leading isvs . what the press is saying : `` based on its very good overall performance , and lower than average price , bli highly recommends the epson workforce gt-1500 for workgroups and office with simplex scanning needs . '' staff , buyer  s laboratory ( 10.01.2008 ) `` the workforce gt-1500 is epson 's answer to the growing need in small businesses for a fast document-focused scanner that can scan multiple pages of text in short order . the results with photos were n't disappointing either , making the scanner more versatile than we expected . unless you require film- and slide-scanning capabilities , this could be the scanner your home or office needs to eliminate those growing stacks of paper . '' chris holt , macworld ( 10.23.2008 ) `` anyone who needs a reasonably priced simplex document scanner should give serious consideration to the epson workforce gt-1500 . '' richard jantz , pc world ( 7.01.2008 ) the epson scan driver office mode provides all the tools for getting the best results from your document scans with text enhancement , color dropout , color enhance and threshold controls . use epson scan to create searchable-text pdf files and double-sided documents with manual duplexing . for scanning photos , simply lift the adf and place the images on the 8.5x11.7 inch flatbed for reflective scanning up to 1200 dpi . use home mode in epson scan for basic scanning controls or professional mode with advanced correction tools including histogram and tonal curves . both home and professional mode allow you to use the epson easy photo fix features such as one-touch color restoration for faded photos . the compact workforce gt-1500 features six front panel push buttons . one-touch scanning in a compact design the epson workforce gt-1500 features five front panel push buttons for one-touch scanning : scan , copy , e-mail , pdf and cancel along with a power button and indicator lights . at only 18.5 inches wide , 12.5 inches deep and 4.8 inches tall , the workforce gt-1500 is the perfect scanner for the home or small office where desk space is a premium .
adjustable height laptop cart with storage . color : woodgrain . the techni mobili asjustable height laptop cart is made of mdf wood panels with a moisture resistant pvc laminate veneer and a scratch-resistant powder-coated steel frame . you can easily adjust the table height between 28 and 43 inches with dual adjustment knobs . the open storage compartment features an accessory shelf . two of the fours non-marking nylon casters include locking mechanisms . the table , top , accessory , and bottom shelves each have a 22 lb weight capacity .
canon kp-108in ink paper set . the ink and paper pack measures 4x 6 inch.it contains enough ink and paper for 108 , 4x 6 inch prints.there is canon watermark on back of print .
polycom soundstation ip 6000 . the polycom soundstation ip 6000 features polycom hd voice technology for outstanding clarity . in addition to hd voice , it also features acoustic clarity technology for seamless voice conferencing .
planner , madison rflbl , bk . planner , madisonrflbl , bk
weston 11-0201 freezer tape dispenser with one roll freezer tape . weston quality and performance driven products for your home weston ensures nothing but the best in quality material and design for your loved one . do n't settle for anything less , use weston
geemarc ampli600 amplified emergency connect phone . how does the emergency feature work ? in the event of an emergency , the wearer presses the emergency button on the small wrist transmitter or the phone . once the emergency button is pressed , the six pre-programmed emergency contact numbers are dialed , such as family members , friends or neighbors who would be able to respond to the emergency call . if there is no response after 30 seconds or the line is busy , the phone automatically dials the next pre-programmed phone number . it will cycle through the emergency numbers twice . when the phone reaches a live person , it will play your pre-recorded emergency message . the other person will dial a number ( 0-9 ) to confirm that the emergency message has been received and to deactivate the phone from dialing the next emergency contact number . the aec phone then turns on its speakerphone so that the emergency contact is able to speak and listen to the other user , known as remote audio monitoring .
geemarc amplivoice50 talking caller id telephone . `` talking '' caller id telephone : vocalization of names and numbers , is just one of the key features of this phone . the amplivoice50 is very flexible and can be easily set-up to meet the users specific requirements . the phone is designed to meet the needs of people with either vision or hearing impairment . talking caller id functionality : ( requires network service subscription ) .
aastra powertouch 480e charcoal . features : caller id answering system speakerphone lcd display
samsung clp-315w color laser printer . vibrant , professional color is now within your reach with the compact , wireless samsung clp-315w color laser printer . this easy-to-use workgroup printer fits easily into an office network and look good while working quickly and quietly . this stylish printer also features a black control panel and delivers full-color printing at 4 pages per minute ( ppm ) and sharp monochrome laser text at 17 ppm . along with its great design and compact size ( just a 15.3 x 12.3-inch footprint ) , it 's network-ready via both ethernet and wi-fi ( 802.11b g ) as well as able to connect to a pc using usb . vibrant , professional color is now within your reach with the compact , wireless samsung clp-315w color laser printer . this easy-to-use workgroup printer fits easily into an office network and look good while working quickly and quietly . this stylish printer also features a black control panel and delivers full-color printing at 4 pages per minute ( ppm ) and sharp monochrome laser text at 17 ppm . along with its great design and compact size ( just a 15.3 x 12.3-inch footprint ) , it 's network-ready via both ethernet and wi-fi ( 802.11b g ) as well as able to connect to a pc using usb . the compact , wireless samsung clp-315w easily fits in small places . samsung 's exclusive no nois print engine is the same print engine found in its bestselling color printers , providing you quiet operation and simple-to-replace toner cartridges . it will load up to 150 pages at a time , and pumps out 17 pages per minute on monochrome print jobs , and 4 per minute at full color . there 's also a document auto-loader that can feed a stack of 15 pages through the scanner portion of the machine automatically . it offers a maximum resolution of 2400 x 600 dpi and delivers the first ( monochrome ) print out in 19 seconds . specifications print speed - black : up to 17ppm with first page out in less than 19 seconds ( from ready ) print speed - full color : up to 4ppm , with first page out in less than 26 seconds memory : 64 mb duty cycle : up to 20,000 pages per month print language : spl-c networking : wi-fi ( 802.11b g ) and 10 100 ethernet pc connectivity : usb 2.0 input capacity : 150-sheet semi-cassette tray two-sided printing : manual media sizes : 3 x 6.3 inches to 8.5 x 14 inches media types : plain paper , envelopes , transparencies , labels , card stock operating system compatibility : microsoft windows xp vista , mac os x , linux power consumption : less than 350 watts printing , less than 10 watts on powersave dimensions : 15.3 x 12.3 x 9.6 inches ( wxdxh ) weight : 24.3 pounds
brother lc61bk ink cartridge , 450 page-yield , black . brother lc61bk ink cartridge ( black ) our compatible lc61bk black inkjet cartridges for your brother printer is manufactured to meet the same iso-9001 original specifications and performance standards as the brother oem lc61bk ink-jet cartridges . we guarantee that you will get the same quality printouts as your genuine brother lc61bk ink jet cartridges or your money back . why pay double for a lc61bk brand name ink cartridge ? save 75 % compared to msrp on all the lc61 series inkjet cartridges for your brother printer . we offer a 100 % quality satisfaction guarantee on our compatible lc61bk .
brother genuine standard yield color ink cartridges , lc613pks , replacement 3 pack of color ink , includes 1 cartridge each of cyan , magenta & yellow , page yield up to 325 pages cartridge , lc61 . the use of brother genuine replacement standard yield toner cartridges like the lc613pks produces sharp , vibrant color pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother lc613pks replacement ink cartridges are compatible with multiple brother inkjet printers . these professional cartridges are intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison with you brother printer . the brother genuine lc613pks replacement standard yield color ink cartridges can print approximately 325 pages cartridge in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . this replacement cartridge is compatible with the following brother printers ; dcp165c , dcp385c , dcp395cn , dcp585cw , dcpj125 , mfc250c , mfc255cw , mfc290c , mfc295cn , mfc490cw , mfc495cw , mfc5490cn , mfc5890cn , mfc5895cw , mfc6490cw , mfc790cw , mfc795cw , mfc990cw , mfcj220 , mfcj265w , mfcj270w , mfcj410w , mfcj415w , mfcj615w , mfcj630w ( 1 ) approximate page yield in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards .
baumgartens mini tape with dispenser - pack of 4 . mini tape in dispenser is ideal for your pocket , purse or pouch . pastel-colored tape makes it easy to find and have ready to seal any package . tape has a slight tint to it when rolled up , but when used , the tint nearly disappears to become clear .
fellowes designer suites shelf ( 8038801 ) . the fellowes designer suites shelf maximizes desktop space with a space-saving vertical design that supports up to 30 lbs . holds books , clocks , desk items , or other designer suites products . bridges up to four designer suites letter trays . no assembly required .
fellowes designer suites monitor riser , black . the fellowes designer suites monitor riser features three height adjustments to prevent neck and shoulder strain ! unit raises monitor to comfortable viewing height while maximizing workspace . supports monitors up to 21 '' or 40 lbs . and offers height adjustments up to 1-5 8  ( between 4-3 8  and 6  ) for optimal viewing angle . storage tray organizes essentials such as pens and paper clips . includes non-skid rubber feet to protect work surface from scratches or scuffs .
day-timer starter set organizer , bonded leather , potable size , black ( d41746 ) . day-timer starter set organizers have what you need to start planning today . includes black bonded leather binder , assortment of undated planning pages , and popular accessories . portable size pages 3-3 4 '' x 6-3 4 '' ; 6-hole punch .
day-timer starter set , undated , 7 ring , 5-1 2 '' x 8-1 2 '' , desk size , breast cancer awareness pink ribbon ( 48391 ) . sophisticated black microfiber binder with black vinyl center stripe and pink ribbon icon is suitable for casual or professional use . includes desk size , undated , loose-leaf pages and accessories for your planning needs . in 2018 , acco brands is donating $ 25,000 , regardless of sales , to the breast cancer research foundation ( bcrf ) . to date , acco brands has contributed over $ 1,000,000 to bcrf . bcrfs mission is to prevent and cure breast cancer by advancing the world 's most promising research . with a sophisticated black microfiber cover and a pink ribbon emblem , the day-timer pink ribbon starter set lets you to get organized and support breast cancer research at the same time . day-timer will donate 10-percent of the retail price of this item to the breast cancer research foundation . measuring 5-1 2 x 8-1 2 inches , this organizer 's key features include 12 months of undated weekly and monthly pages , and an address and phone directory . this organizer also includes a fashionable tab closure and pen holder .
mmf industries seven-pin security night deposit bag with 2 keys , 11 x 8-1 2 inches , navy ( 233110808 ) . locking security bag is perfect for the night deposit . made of navy blue laminated nylon with brown simulated leather grips on both ends of the bag . bag features a seven-pin lock to secure money and belongings . brown leatherette vinyl pocket with clear window on front holds a 3 x 4 inches index card that you can change every night to identify contents .
neatreceipts mobile scanner and digital filing system for mac . finally , it 's arrived , designed and built exclusively for mac users . say hello to your organized , digital self . neatreceipts for mac provides receipt and document scanning , intelligent text recognition , professional expense reports , collections of documents , searchable pdfs , and more ! scan and organize receipts and documents in a familiar max os x interface . create expense reports , track spending and create a library of searchable pdf documents . includes neat mobile scanner and neatreceipts for mac version 2.0. neatreceipts for mac is a mobile scanner and digital filing system that enables you to scan receipts and documents so you can organize , store and secure all your important information . the patented technology identifies and extracts the important informationand automatically organizes it for you . transform receipts into expense reports and create searchable pdf files from any document . export information to pdf and excel . neatreceipts for mac was developed specifically for mac to look and feel like the applications you use every day . scan in receipts to : scan in documents to : organize your information : transform paper into information that works . with our unique parsing technology , neatreceipts can actually recognize and activate the information you care aboutso you can edit , add notes , and more . store . organize . secure . with neatreceipts , you get a digital filing cabinet that intelligently organizes and secures all your important information . one hardware-software solution . our scanner works seamlessly with one easy-to-install , intuitive software application to manage all your receipts and documents . it works where you work . at less than one pound , neatreceipts is perfect for the road , home , or office . neatreceipts for mac was developed from the ground up to look and feel like the applications you use every day . it features drag-and-drop functionality , multiple views , and imports ereceipts . you can even add receipts or documents by `` printing '' from any application . what 's in the box
cnm2975b001-2975b001 cl-211xl high-yield ink . canon cl-211 xl cartridge new inks improve color accuracy , color gamut and longevity . designed with fine ( full photolithographic inkjet nozzle engineering ) technology , your prints will realize added sharpness , detail and quality . plus , when printing with genuine canon inks and photo papers the chromalife100+ system gives you beautiful , long-lasting photos . remember , a genuine canon xl ink cartridge means high capacity , which means more ink for more prints . cl-211xl fine cartridges genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed , manufactured and packaged in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . canon has improved the 'fine cartridge ' , or integrated print head designed by utilizing fine ( full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ) technology , for higher print quality . dye-color ink of latest fine cartridge has wider color reproduction with richer colors than the previous generation fine cartridge , especially in red area , i.e . around yellow , red and magenta , to deliver more brilliant output not only on photo paper but also on plain paper . at the creative park website www.canon.com c-park consumers will find lots of fun material that can be downloaded and printed for free - including 3d paper crafts , scrapbooking pages , frames , greeting cards , calendars and much more .
canon cnmpg210xl black ink tank . the original canon pg-210 extra large ink cartridge delivers extra sharp black text and graphics consistently . it yields up to 400 pages . it is compatible with canon pixma mp240 , mp480 , mp490 , mx330 printers . it weighs 0.18 lbs . create striking documents and photos with ease when you use the canon 2973b001 ink to print your documents in various formats . the fine technology in the cartridge ensures that your professional quality documents remain crisp and smudge free . prints resist fading for quality that lasts . cl-210xl fine cartridges genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed , manufactured and packaged in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . canon has improved the 'fine cartridge ' , or integrated print head designed by utilizing fine ( full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ) technology , for higher print quality . dye-color ink of latest fine cartridge has wider color reproduction with richer colors than the previous generation fine cartridge , especially in red area , i.e . around yellow , red and magenta , to deliver more brilliant output not only on photo paper but also on plain paper . at the creative park website www.canon.com c-park consumers will find lots of fun material that can be downloaded and printed for free - including 3d paper crafts , scrapbooking pages , frames , greeting cards , calendars and much more .
canon cli-221 - black , cyan , magenta , yellow - 4 color pack . the canon cli-221 4-color value pack - retail packaging - black , cyan , magenta and yellow ( 2946b004 ) features chromalife100 : the combination of new inks & new media deliver exceptional beauty and longevity , and smart led with canon logo . ( view larger . ) genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed and manufactured in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . in order to provide longer-lasting and more beautiful vivid photo prints , canon continues to develop genuine dye inks and genuine canon photo papers specifically for pixma printers and take advantage of the superb printing ability of the `` fine '' print head . chromalife100+ is a system to help preserve both long lasting beauty and durability of photos with the combination of genuine canon dye inks and photo papers . at the creative park website ( www.canon.com c-park ) consumers will find lots of fun material that can be downloaded and printed for free - including 3d paper crafts , scrapbooking pages , frames , greeting cards , calendars and much more .
canon photo paper pro platinum , 8.5 x 11 inches , 20 sheets ( 2768b022 ) . the ultimate in photo paper quality everything photo paper can possibly have for the artwork of professional and advanced amateur photographers canon 's new flagship glossy photo paper surpasses photo paper pro [ pr-101 ] . similar to photo paper plus glossy ii ( pp-201 ) , a six layer paper structure is used to promote color reproduction `` alumina '' which proved quicker ink absorbency on photo paper pro [ pr -101 ] is adopted in the ink-receiving layers . advancing the texture and quality of canon 's new glossy photo paper `` make the best photo paper in all aspects . '' this was our commitment when we were developing photo paper pro [ pr-101 ] , which was canon 's previous flagship photo paper . to further progress , we follow this commitment and have developed canon 's new flagship glossy photo paper . ink-receiving layers are functionally separated into a color-reproduction layer and an absorbing layer , and a chromogenic enhancer which amplifies light is added into the resin-coat layer . a neutral white which has a high degree of whiteness is adopted for the color of the paper . the demanding photo quality needs of professional and advanced amateur photographer is realized when used with canon 's 2008 new dye-based inks [ cli-221 ] . the color reproduction in red areas is expanded , rich and deep blacks are achieved and the higher image durability is achieved . the best glossy photo paper which turns printouts to artwork . that is photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] . for professional and advanced amateur photographers photo paper pro platinum [ pt- 101 ] exceeds photo paper pro [ pr-101 ] by using original material technology neutral bright white for maximum appeal to professional advanced amateur photographers a new standard for white has been introduced there are various `` whites '' for a white paper such as bluish white , yellowish white , dark white and bright white . the `` white '' canon chose for professional 's and advanced amateur 's artwork from these various `` whites '' is the `` white '' which combines `` crispy white '' and `` neutral white '' . `` crispy white '' contributes to enhance the gamut volume . this provides more vivid color reproduction . and this vividness wo n't be unnatural thanks to the `` neutral white '' . it will produce a natural color which dye itself produces . there are scenes where the whiteness of photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] will be utilized such as the gradation of a morning glow in which colors blend intricately , the transparency of a glass and the texture of metals . but it is on the human skin which is the most common but the most difficult to express that it will show the most obvious whiteness . ink absorption is speedy and dyes are fixed to a top layer in the paper . that is why images can be expressed beautifully and smoothly because of the alumina , quick ink absorbency is achieved the shape of alumina pigment which is the pro_main material in the ink-receiving layers of photo paper pro platinum [ pt- 101 ] is `` plate-like '' . on the other hand , silica pigment which is often used for affordable photo paper is a `` spherical shape '' . both alumina and silica use binders which play a gluing role to join pigments but a `` plate-like '' alumina uses less binders , so it can absorb inks quicker than the silica ink-receiving layers . because the layer is separated into two layers , quick solid-liquid separation is achieved the ink-receiving layers of photo paper pro platinum [ pt- 101 ] are separated into two layers and the amount of binder in each layer is optimized . it gives specific functions for each layer , the top layer is for color reproduction and the bottom layer is for absorption . this is how solid-liquid separation of color material elements and solvent elements can be processed quickly . more vivid color and higher resolution compared to photo paper pro [ pr-101 ] , which has a single ink-receiving layer , is achieved . since alumina is adopted and the ink-receiving layers are separated into two layers , photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] is able to produce prints with richer gradation , smoother expression , more vivid color and higher resolution . the dye is fixed to the surface of the paper , resulting in deeper blacks and a clearer overall photographic finish deeper blacks in combination with new black dye ink there are various blacks for the `` black '' in photographs such as bluish black , yellowish black , reddish black and greenish black . a deep , rich black is a `` black '' that looks truly black to the eye . rich , deep blacks are not only important for reproducing deep-black areas of photos , they also contribute to the overall density , contrast and vividness of the photo . if the black is light , it weakens the photo 's impact , and makes the photo plain . photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] is developed to produce a deep , rich black by fixing the dye close to the surface of the paper . canon has also been trying to make the black ink neutral , and achieved the creation of the deeper `` black '' in combination with photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] and 2008 new dye-based black ink [ cli-221 ] . photos are beautifully reproduced because the dye is fixed close to the surface of the paper the ink-receiving layer on the surface of the paper accepts the dyes in the ink and produces the color . if this layer is too thick , the dyes will spread into the bottom making it difficult to gain enough density . however by making the ink-receiving layer simply thinner , it causes the water in the ink to overflow to the paper 's surface . quick solid-liquid separation fixes the dye to the surface of the paper photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] solves this dilemma using innovative inkjet coating technology . using this technology , the ink-receiving layer is split into two layers , a color-reproduction layer on which the dye is fixed and an absorbing layer that soaks up the excess water solvent . this layered structure enables the dye to be fixed closer to the surface of the paper , improving the density of the black ink compared with photo paper pro [ pr-101 ] . this novel technology achieves rich , deep blacks and bright , vivid photographic results . at the same time , the absorbing layer quickly mops up excess water solvent , for crisp , sharp image quality . enhancement for color reproduction in red areas and the ability to express expands further wider color gamut makes artworks of professionals and advanced amateurs more attractive the wider the color gamut is , the more colors that can be reproduced . the combination of photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] and 2008 new dye-based inks [ cli-221 ] greatly expands color reproduction especially in red areas ( yellow ~ red ~ magenta ) compared to the combination of photo paper pro [ pr-101 ] and the previous dye ink [ cli-8 ] . it brings out pixma 's full ability to produce photos and achieves the reproduction of richer and more vivid colors . color reproduction is stabilized faster than ever before , so you can appreciate the beauty of your photos right away optical density immediately after printing is greater than ever , so you see the real colors of your photos , right away with ordinary inkjet paper , the colors emerge gradually so you can not quickly see the final results of the photo including color and contrast . photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] is a completely different experience . the optical density ( color density ) is high immediately after printing , and color reproduction happens fast . in less time than ever , a reproduction of the colors of the original photo is complete . images are bright and vivid as soon as the print job is finished . improved durability ( light fastness gas fastness ) by adding the new durability enhancer in ink-receiving layers canon focused on both paper and ink , and worked on things paper can do and things ink can do to improve image durability of photo prints . based on the discoloration mechanisms ( presumption ) of the color material , the discoloration of color material have been successfully minimized by adding the new durability enhancer in the ink-receiving layers . mechanisms for photo image deterioration ( presumption ) the mechanisms for photo image deterioration ( presumption ) caused by gas and light . canon presumed the mechanisms of discoloration of printouts is pro_mainly caused by these three deteriorative reactions listed below . the reaction of incoming gas deteriorates the color material the deteriorative chain reaction starts because of the material generated in the process above the chain reaction of light through oxygen deteriorates the color material the approach to photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] canon discovered the `` new additives '' to minimize the discoloration of the color material from the discoloration mechanisms of printouts and successfully introduced it to photo paper pro platinum [ pt-101 ] .
handstands 55511 handstands ergonomic wrist rest . this ergonomic keyboard wrist rest soothes aching hands . beads provide gentle massaging action , while the rest itself helps you maintain a comfortable wrist position , even during heavy computer use . at 17.5 inches long , it works with most keyboards .
kantek deluxe stand for cpu ( cs270g ) . deluxe cpu stand - elevates cpu to an easy and comfortable position . adjustable width to accommodate most cpus . swivel casters with brakes for mobility . black .
x450 kurve vanilla fountain pen by bulow .
neoplex 25 '' x 45 '' plasticade signicade sidewalk sandwich board a-frame sign w letter tracks and full letter kit . this signicade a-frame is made of 100 % polyethelene plastic and features snap-off plugs that make it easy to fill the frame with sand or water for ballast . the unit holds 24 '' x 36 '' signs on each side that are easy to change . additional features include a molded-in handle for easy moving and hinges that lock into place for added stability . the insert panels install with double-stick tape or screws or add the optional well nuts ( recommended ) to your order for easy sign installation .
hp scanjet g3110 photo scanner - scanner  plat - 220 x 300 mm - 4800 ppp x 9600 ppp - hi-speed usb . scanner , hp scanjet g3110 photo
ion slides2pc 35mm photo negative and slide converter to pc . ion 35mm photo negative and slide converter to pc . transfers 35mm negatives to pc or notebook quickly and easily . print , edit or archive photo collection with quick and easy scanning software . 5mp hi-res full-color scanning with 1-touch instant scan . usb 2.0 connection and usb 2.0 port . fixed focus range and auto exposure color balance with high-quality 4 glass optical element . includes usb connection and software .
magic sliders 45369 silent chair glide . magic sliders help to move chairs , protect floors from scratches , help to level furniture , and helps to reduce noise . special cushion makes glides virtually silent . nail on . contents : 4 per card . no . 45369 : 7 8 '' , 4 pack no . 45560 : 1-1 8 '' , 4 pack
canon mp480 all-in-one photo printer . canon mp480 is an advanced all-in-one photo printer . manufacturer product description it 's the perfect blend of performance and convenience . this versatile all-in-one lets you print beautiful , long-lasting 4 x 6 inch borderless prints in about 45 seconds . a new 4-color ink system ensures vivid colors and bold , black text . your copies will be truer to the originals , and scans of photos or forms will yield results of up to 2400 x 4800 color dpi resolution . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } pixma mp480 photo all-in-one printer : chromalife 100+ the combination of new inks and media deliver exceptional beauty and longevity . high performance ink cartridges the two genuine canon ink cartridges ( one b & w , one multi-color ) contain specially formulated inks for the highest possible quality . they  re easy to use and to replace as needed . preview then print before printing , preview and fine tune your images using the color lcd display . smart scanning the new auto scan feature detects the type of original you  re scanning  a photo , business card , personal notebook or form  then automatically scans and saves the image with the appropriate settings . quick start powering up your printer is now faster than ever . after pressing the power button , you can begin inputting commands in approximately 2 seconds . full operation is even enabled in a shorter time now too . print from memory cards cameras want to print photos directly from a compatible memory card without using your computer ? just insert the card into a built-in slot , select images on the lcd display , and print ! you can also print photos directly from your digital camera dv camcorder .
canon mp980 wireless all-in-one photo printer . canon mp980 all-in-one photo printer is ultimate wireless printer with 3.5-inch lcd . get ready for premium performance and fabulous results . the new chromalife100+ 6-color ink system includes a unique grey ink , which helps you achieve the exceptional monochrome and color values sought by discerning photographers . and it  s blazing fast : you can create long-lasting 4 x 6 inch photos with spectacular 9600 x 2400 color dpi resolution in about 20 seconds . the high-resolution ccd scanner will yield spectacular 4800 x 9600 color dpi results , and copies will be more faithful to your originals . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } pixma mp980 all-in-one photo printer : beautiful , long-lasting photos the canon chromalife100+ system combines enhanced fine print head technology and five new ink tanks with select new canon photo papers . this unique system lets you create beautiful photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album . six individual inks tanks + special gray ink six individual ink system featuring gray ink provides professional color and monochrome photos . the six ink system features a canon exclusive gray ink that gives you professional black and white photos . premium print performance you  re going to love the print quality  and the speed . beautiful 4x 6 inch photos with spectacular 9600 x 2400 color dpi resolution take only about 20 seconds . no warm-up low energy usage thanks to the high-luminance white led lamps , the unit is ready to scan the instant you press power , with zero warm-up time . plus , these advanced lamps quickly switch to standby mode after scanning , saving energy . learn more about canon wifi printers wireless printing this all-in-one  s built-in wi-fi capability lets you print wirelessly from a laptop or desktop computer anywhere in the house , with simple setup . 3.5 inch lcd screen the 3.5 inch high-resolution lcd display lets you view images from your compatible memory card , without having to download them to your computer . for better results , you can enhance the images before printing . easy scroll wheel the easy-scroll wheel  s user interface makes it easy and fun for anyone to use . you can view and control all of the functions of the mp980 by gliding a finger around the wheel in either direction . auto duplex print the two paper trays let you store photo paper in one , plain paper in the other  so you  re always ready to print either photos or documents . plus , you can automatically print 2-sided to save paper . smart copying dual color gamut processing technology automatically optimizes quality based on the type of originals you are copying automatic image optimization just one of the features on the included easy-photoprint ex software  auto photo fix - optimizes your images for such factors as skin tone , white balance and brightness , and makes red-eye corrections . network connectivity an ethernet interface lets you connect to a home or office network , with connected computers sharing the use of this versatile machine . click-connect-print enhanced photo printing from memory cards , cameras and camera phones , no computer needed !
canon lide200 color image scanner . manufacturer product description how easy is this ? just select what you want to do with your original scan , copy , or create email attachments or pdfs and the entire process is automated . the new auto scan mode detects your type of original , then scans and saves it with the optimal settings . your results will be outstanding , with color dpi resolution up to 4800 x 4800 , and you can also create fabulous 19600 x 19600 software-enhanced ( extrapolated ) scans . plus , a letter-sized color scan takes only about 14 seconds . the advanced z-lid lets you produce clear , complete scans of thick originals such as notebooks . built-in fare 3.0 retouching technology helps to enhance your final images , even correcting for dust , scratches and backlighting on photos . and to reduce `` cable clutter '' , one simple cable provides power and a usb 2.0 hi-speed connection . manufacturer product description how easy is this ? just select what you want to do with your original  scan , copy , or create email attachments or pdfs  and the entire process is automated . the new auto scan mode detects your type of original , then scans and saves it with the optimal settings . your results will be outstanding , with color dpi resolution up to 4800 x 4800 , and you can also create fabulous 19600 x 19600 software-enhanced ( extrapolated ) scans . plus , a letter-sized color scan takes only about 14 seconds . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } canoscan lide 200 color image scanner : done in 14 seconds now , scanning is faster than ever . in about 14 seconds , you can scan a letter-size color original such as an article , or a page from your notebook or textbook . shadow-free scans typically , when you scan a page from a book , the shadow from the book  s inside `` gutter '' shows up on the scan . no more . gutter shadow correction eliminates that shadow , providing a clean scan of just the page  and not the gutter . 4 ez buttons how simple is this ? just press a button to select what you want to do with your original  copy it ( sending a scanned image to your printer ) , scan and save it , produce a pdf , or create an email smart scanning whether you  re scanning a photo , document , business card , textbook or personal notebook , the new auto scan mode automatically recognizes the type of original , crops it to proper size and then scans and saves your file in the appropriate format . perform this and more with the press of a single button . just one wire to reduce the number of wires in your work area , one simple cable provides power and a usb 2.0 hi-speed connection .
fisher space pen shuttle retractable space pen - gold grid design . fisher space pen - # g4 chrome shuttle space pen with golden grid design writes at any angle , even in zero gravity . simply the most versatile pen ever made.writes in extreme temperatures from -30f to 250feach fisher space pen is precision assembled and hand tested in the usa . each carries an unconditional lifetime guarantee.all brass and steel constructioneach fisher space pen is precision assembled , hand tested , and carries a lifetime guarantee against all manufacturing defects
whitmor deluxe utility cart , black . this whitmor deluxe utility cart is easy to assemble and features sturdy wheels for portability . its durable , epoxy-coated steel frame offers exceptional durability and folds down for space-saving storage . great for laundry , groceries , sports equipment and more , it offers plenty of versatility for any home . by
whitmor rolling utility cart , black . whitmor 6307-1729 rolling utility cart , blackrolling utility cart in black , laden weigh 50lbsdurable steel construction ; easy no-tool assemblylightweight , folds up for storagehandle is covered with soft-grip foammeasures 14 inches by 18.63 inches by 37.75 inchesneed more information on this product ? click here to ask . black rolling utility cart , great for groceries , hauling sports equipment or just shopping in general . handle is covered with soft-grip foam . unit measures 14 inches by 18.63 inches by 37.75 inches . basket measures 18 inches high by 11 inches wide by 12.5 inches long . holds upto 50 lbs .
beacon adhesives 527 multi use glue , 2 ounce . beacon adhesives 527 is a versatile , multi-use glue that 's ideal for multiple applications - both indoor and outdoor . it dries fast to create a clear , flexible , strong bond that is waterproof , weatherproof and uva resistant . this quick grab glue bonds ceramics , china , metal , shells , and tile . it 's paintable , shock resistant , and does not foam.handling time : 2 hoursfull drying time : 24 hours .
universal 20962ct economy round ring view binder , 1 '' capacity , white , pack of 12 . basic economical view binder for light use . non-glare transparent plastic overlays on front cover , back cover and spine for easy customization . binder features spine-mounted , non-locking rings ( except 1 2 '' size ) . two inside pockets provide extra storage for loose documents . poly material is non-stick . inserts , pockets and cover wo n't lift print .
econo mobile cpu stand , light gray , ivr54001 . light gray mobile cpu stand made of high impact plastic has four swivel casters ( two locking ) .nonskid padding holds cpu in place .
staedtler pencil sharpener , premium quality sharpener with screw-on lid , prevents accidental openings , compact size for pencil case and work-station , 511 63bk . the perfect sharpener for daily use , whether you are a business professional , teacher , student , or simply love to use graphite and colored pencils !
universal top-load poly sheet protectors , standard , letter , clear , 100 box . universal top-load poly sheet protectors , standard , letter , clear , 100 box
universal cork dry erase board , melamine , 36 '' x 24 , black gray , aluminum plastic frame ( 43743 ) . a great combination-versatile board is one half dry-erase magnetic lacquered steel writing surface and one half natural-cork bulletin surface . satin-finished aluminum frame features attractive plastic corner accents .
epson workforce 30 color inkjet printer ( c11ca19201 ) . show the world what your business is made of with workforce , epson  s new line of printers and all-in-ones , engineered for the small business and home office . get laser quality output at laser fast speeds for prints that make you look your best . a powerful , high performance printer , the epson workforce 30 blazes through critical documents at speeds about two times faster than those of competitive printers . and , the results are always impressive . delivering laser quality text and brilliant color photos , it  s the perfect addition to any home office . with its small , compact design , it fits in even the smallest work area . and , with dual black ink cartridges , this budget-conscious performer is ready to handle all your high-volume printing projects .
franklin bib-475 electronic parallel kjv and niv bible with holman bible dictionary . shipping height : 1.3 shipping width : 9.5 master pack qty : 24 general information manufacturer : franklin electronic publishers manufacturer part number : bib-475 brand name : franklin product name : holy bible , new international version marketing information : the bib-475 combines two bibles ( king james version and new international version ) and the holman bible dictionary . this complete bible reference tool contains complete text of the old and new testaments , bible search thesaurus , devotional and learn a verse . you 'll be able to cross reference verses in the kjv and niv bibles , lookup words between bibles and do word lookups from the bibles to the holman bible dictionary . the electronic bible looks like a book when closed and is small enough to fit in your pocket , yet , is perfect for desktop use when opened . product type : electronic bible technical information display : 9 line functions : organizer functions : clock functions : calculator functions : converter functions : bookmark functions : dictionary battery information batteries : aaa physical characteristics weight ( approximate ) : 4.00 oz instantly cross reference both the king james and new international versions of the bible the bib-475 allows you to easily compare and contrast both the full king james and new international versions of the bible . simply find the verse you wish to read and press the `` fn '' key and the corresponding version key ( kjv or niv ) and it switches instantly to the targeted verse in that book . along with the complete king james and new international versions of the bible contained in the bib-475 , we have also included the full holman bible dictionary . the dictionary can be accessed as its own searchable book like a traditional dictionary or it can be accessed from within either the kjv or niv bible texts simply by highlighting the word you wish to define , and then pressing the `` dict '' key on the keyboard . the bib-475 allows for easy searching both contained versions of the bible . search a specific book , chapter , and verse by simply typing the book name , the number of the chapter , and then the number of the verse . however , if you wish to search the bible by keyword and find the verses that word contains , press the `` find '' key on the keyboard , then type in the word you wish to locate references to in the scripture . the bib-475 will return all instances of the search word in both the old and new testament of the translation you are currently searching . the example to the right finds 50 matches for the word `` herod '' in the niv translation . a very useful feature of the bib-475 is the easy-to-use index feature . simply select `` index '' from the menu screen and the unit will display the bible by book , chapter and verse including a brief description of that verse . to skip to a specific book , begin typing the name of the book and the bib-475 will instantly skip to the requested book as you type the letters . the dimensions of the product are : length = 9.5 '' height = 1.3 '' width = 7.2 ''
brother genuine standard yield 3 pack color ink cartridges , lc513pks , includes 1 cartridge each of cyan , magenta & yellow , page yield up to 400 pages cartridge , amazon dash replenishment cartridge , lc51 . the use of brother genuine replacement standard yield toner cartridges like the lc513pks produce sharp , color pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother lc513pks replacement ink cartridges are compatible with multiple brother inkjet printers and fax machines . these professional cartridges are intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison with you brother printer . the brother genuine lc513pks replacement standard yield color ink cartridges can print approximately 400 pages cartridge in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . these replacement cartridges are compatible with the following brother printers : dcp130c , dcp330c , dcp540cn , fax1860c , fax196c , fax2480c , fax2580c , mfc240c , mfc440cn , mfc665cw , mfc845cw , mfc3360c , mfc5460cn , mfc5860cn . ( 1 ) approximate page yield in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards .
epson claria t099920 hi-definition 99 standard-capacity inkjet cartridge color multipack -cyan light cyan magenta light magenta yellow . epson claria t099920 hi-definition 99 standard-capacity inkjet cartridge color multipack -cyan light cyan magenta light magenta yellow
mead composition book notebook , primary , grades k-2 , wide ruled paper , 100 sheets ( 09902 ) . * the primary composition book is great tool for creative writing * it features redline cues to sit letters on the baseline * also , the book includes a narrow line width for optimal pencil control * stage 3 - primary writing
blu-tack reusable adhesive 75g . blu tack reusable adhesive bostik blu tack is a handy putty-like reusable adhesive . use it to stick , seal , conceal , hold , and position a variety of items . perfect for sticky jobs around the home , office , at school and for hobby and craft work . bostik blu tack is a great modelling material . use it to mold , sculpt , and stick . preparation blu tack is ideal for non-porous surfaces such as glass or metal , painted surfaces and vinyl coated wallpaper . ensure surface is clean , dry , free from grease and loose materials . make sure hands are clean before handling blu tack . 1. posters cut 3cm piece , remove release paper from one side an affix to surface . remove the release paper on one side , apply to one surface , then remove the other release paper . using good thumb pressure , apply to the other surface . blu tack works because its pressure sensitive so the more even pressure you apply the better the bond . 2. objects make a blob by tearing off a piece , pull and stretch into a ball and apply to one surface . removing blu tack blu tack works on walls because its pressure sensitive so its important to carefully roll it 0ff . any remaining shreds can be removed by roll or dabbing with another blob of blu tack . if blu tack has been on a surface for sometime , dab with citrus based stain remover to soften , then roll off carefully . sometimes , blu tack can leave a faint oily mark that can be easily removed by using a citrus based stain remover . blu tack can be reused . simply roll into a ball in your hand and massage to get it pliable and apply use blutack to ... . tack posters , memos , signage , or notices on walls , windows , or equipment . tack-up cables , electric and phone cords to keep them from tangling and out of the way . secure display cards on counter tops . hold down telephones or modems on desktops and counters . fasten electrical outlet surge strips to the floor .
hp cp3525dn color laserjet printer . hp cp3525dn color laserjet printer . you want high quality output , and you want it delivered fast . hp understands , which is why this printer produces both color and black and white pages at speeds up to 30 pages per minute ppm . start fast and finish sooner . instant on technology uses cutting edge fuser technology that enables print jobs to begin quickly from low power mode . the time to completion ttc of a typical office print job can be nearly 3.5 times faster from low power mode on this device with instant on technology than on devices without it . produce documents that make an impact . hp imageret 3600 and hp colorsphere toner work together to create sharp images and crisp text for all of your business needs . improved hp colorsphere toner provides excellent edge acuity for detailed line work , spreadsheets , and architectural drawings . this hp printer is designed to maximize your investment . with the hp color laserjet cp3520 printer , you can get black prints for the same cost as on a black and white hp laserjet providing general office effectiveness , while also allowing you to print in color . choose an optional high capacity print cartridge for even more value . with hps color access control technology , easily control who can print in color and how much . effortlessly share the printer with embedded gigabit networking . enjoy enterprise class security features such as ipsec and ipv6 . with expandable memory , an open eio slot , and optional third party solutions , you can expand printer capabilities as your business needs grow . produce professional , attention grabbing marketing materials in your own office by combining . hp colorsphere toner with hps full line of papers . easily produce brochures , flyers , postcards and newsletters on up to 58 lb glossy media . effectively communicate internally and generate sales for less time and money than the cost of outsourcing .
board dudes 22 '' x 35 '' home decor magnetic dry erase board ( cxn35 ) . the board dudes add a touch of class to your workspace with glassx frosted glass dry erase boards.view larger magnetic dry erase boards make it easy to personalize your messages.view larger organize your life with the board dudes , a revolutionary line of stylish and durable organization products designed to optimize your classroom , home , locker , dorm room , and office space . there 's no question , the board dudes love boards . whether it 's inventing new features or brainstorming ways to bring the latest and greatest technology to their whiteboards , bulletin boards , and calendars , the board dudes `` get '' boards . headquartered in sunny southern california , the board dudes team is always coming up with ways to innovate the boards they make -- so you get the most stylish , supremely functional boards to help you improve organization and increase productivity . the board dudes make your life easier so you can have more time to chill out ! dry erase boards from the board dudes provide an easy-to-use , low-maintenance writing surface for drawing , writing , and more . dry erase boards are available in a wide range of surface materials to complement your workspace , including chalk , glass , magnetic , and melamine . choose glass for the longest-lasting , most durable surface for heavy-use spaces such as conference rooms , training centers , and executive offices . painted steel and chalk are ideal choices for moderate-usage areas such as meeting rooms , common areas , classrooms , kitchens , and small offices . choose melamine for general purpose , light usage , such as in a home office or low traffic areas . combo boards allow you to combine different features , such as magnetic dry erase and cork , on one board for multi-purpose use . other combo board options include corx cork frames , dual effex inlaid frames , modular formats to customize your board to your needs , and even sliding 3-in-1 boards for the most versatility and productivity possible . the board dudes have everything you need to keep your home and office organized . in addition to dry erase boards , the board dudes offer weekly and monthly calendars and planners , combo boards with up to 3 surface types , markers , magnets , erasers , push pins , board cleaner , magnetic clips and accessory trays to keep it all together .
the board dudes black framed cork board 35 '' x 22 '' . add style to your organization with this functional 22 '' x 35 '' cork board . the bulletin board consists of fine grain cork that is reinforced with a durable backing for added stability . the black frame adds class to this piece that allows for personalized organization . the mounting instructions and hardware is included .
board dudes 18-inch x 24-inch oak finish framed cork board ( 16162 ) . improve your work space with a traditional oak frame and fine grain cork surface that creates a reliable bulletin board for use in the home or small office . the fine grain cork is self-healing and works great with almost any kind of push pin or thumb tack . the board dudes are the ultimate manufacturers of stylish , durable dry erase and bulletin boards for the classroom , dorm room , office and home . ( 16162ua-1 )
plan ahead organized professional padfolio , 10.75 x 13.5 inches ( 70314-tp ) . professional organized padfolio
350 ft 3 16 valuemailers small bubble cushioning wrap 12 '' wide , perforated every 12 '' , 350 total sq ft by valuemailers . valuemailers brand high-quality rolls for superior cushioning protection and void fill . made in usa quality , ( 2 ) 175 ft rolls - in one package . genuine valuemailers trademarked product
case-it open tab velcro closure 2-inch binder with tab file , purple , s-816-pur . the case-it s-816 open tab velcro closure binder is an efficiently designed organizer that features three 2-inch o-rings , a five-color , tabbed expanding file , inner zippered mesh pocket and inner folder pocket for papers . this easy-to-use binder also features a convenient flash drive pocket on the inner cover and two elastic pen pencil holders for added organizational convenience . the s-816 , like all of case-it 's binders , uses kraft board instead of pe board to give its binders a firm , stiff shape that wo n't buckle or warp . the spine is specially designed so that your binder can lay flat when open , making it easier to add or take papers out , and to take notes in . case-it produces quality binders offering unique organizational tools for school or home use .
safco products 2161bl onyx mesh laptop stand , black . onyx it . onyx laptop stand 12 1 4 '' w x 12 1 4 '' d x 2 '' h has a smart steel mesh design that is adjustable and also well ventilated . positions your laptop monitor for comfortable viewing . folds flat for portability . platform size 12 '' w x 12 '' d. steel mesh construction with durable powder coat finish .
panasonic kx-tg9391t 2-line corded cordless phone , metallic black , 1 handset . kxtg9391t- 1-handset cord less digital phone . at panasonic , we never stop trying to increase our knowledge of the ways in which technology can improve people 's lives . that 's why we 've engineered our latest line of dect 6.0 digital telephones with even more innovative features that enhance the way you communicate . designed to complement your lifestyle and improve the way you live , our 2009 line features big button handsets and larger , clearer displays in sleek , simple packages . panasonic dect 6.0 phones feature big button handsets and larger , clearer displays in sleek , simple packages . all-digital answering machine ensures messages are saved , even during power outages . long range , excellent clarity and greater security dect 6.0 ( digital enhanced cordless telecommunications ) technology lets you move freely around your home with long range and amazingly clear sound . it also assures greater protection against eavesdropping for all your calls . operating in the 1.9ghz frequency range , your phone will not conflict with other wireless devices such as computer routers , wireless keyboards , microwave ovens and other common household devices . two-line operation perfect for home or business , two-line operation means you can conference in two outside lines to have a three-way conversation . or place your current call on hold to make another call . silent mode lets you choose when and where the phone rings now you can program each handset to ring  or not  at your discretion . before going to sleep , simply set the bedside handset to silent mode so that it wo n't ring in your bedroom . in the meantime , the handset in the den will still ring when that important call comes in without disturbing the person who 's sleeping . works during a power outage power outage ? no problem . the corded handset works even when the electricity does n't . enjoy peace of mind knowing you can make calls even when the power goes out . ( corded handset , line 1 only . ) put a handset in every room with one cordless handset ( one corded base and one satellite handset ) and the option of adding five additional handsets1  all while using only one base and one phone jack  go ahead and put one in the den , the kitchen , the master bedroom and the living room so you wo n't have to make a run for it when the phone rings . never miss a call with the light-up indicator do n't miss important calls when the ringer is off . the light-up indicator with ringer alert at the base of the antenna will flash quickly to show that you have an incoming call , and it will flash slowly to let you know you have a new message . so turn off the ringer and never miss a call . 1. additional handsets sold separately . what 's in the box one cordless handset , one base , one charger , two ac adapters , two batteries , one belt clip , one 2-wire telephone cord line , one 4-wire telephone cord line , and operating instructions .
cassida 3300 counterfeit detector w counterfeit shield guarantee ( 3300 ) . the cassida 3300 is the most sophisticated counterfeit detector available from america 's # 1 brand in cash handling . the 3300 guarantees to catch all known counterfeits , or cassida covers the loss . the cassida 3300 uses ir , mg , uv , and color spectrum analysis to verify genuine us currency . thank you for your continued feedback . 2014 product enhancements include , from your feedback , a bill guide , which narrows the entrance of the bill feed to the width of us bills only , and a `` human readable '' fail message upon identifying a suspect note.maintenance and warranty 1. maintenance regular maintenance will ensure accurate operation of the unit , and will prolong its service life . use an air duster to remove dust from the sensors . insert approximately 1 4 ( one quarter ) inch of the duster nozzle through the front bill insertion slot to blow off any debris that may have accumulated inside the unit . do not insert the nozzle more than 1 4 inch , as it may damage the sensor mechanism inside the cassida 3300 unit . 2. troubleshooting because of the printing method used by the us mint , bills are not exactly identical . this will occasionaly cause a bill not to be recognized on the first run in any automatic detector . this may also occur if a bill is inserted with even a slight deviation from the required pathway . the cassida 3300 is a very advanced machine and will not accept a counterfeit bill . if it recognizes a bill after the second or third attempt , you can be sure it is genuine . 9 moving money forward 10 several factors can cause a 3300 to not recognize a genuine bill : overly wrinkled , overly creased and overly worn bills . a physical shock . a sudden change in temperature or humidity . extended period of non-use . if cassida 3300 consistently refuses to recognize genuine bills , perform the following reset procedure : a. immediately after turning the machine on , press and hold buttons  c  and  m  simultaneously.b . release the two buttons as soon as you see  88  in the lower right corner of the lcd screen . if  88  does not appear within 2-4 seconds , switch the machine off and repeat the procedure . c. run a $ 100 usd bill through the machine one time . make sure the bill is issued between 1999 and 2006. the preference for this procedure is to use a bill with average wear ; not too worn but not mint condition either . d. the lower right part of the screen will change to 89 or 1 when the detector recognizes the bill . if the machine rejects the bill , try the procedure again or use another bill . e. repeat step c with a $ 50 usd bill issued between 1999 and 2006. the bill condition guidelines should be the same as those for the $ 100 usd bill.f . turn the machine off and back on . the detector has been reset and is ready to operate . 3. warranty our goal is to make cassida your lifetime work partner . that  s why cassida products are subject to stringent quality control measures and are backed by a solid one year parts and labor warranty . to activate your warranty in the us or canada , please register you product online by visiting cassida counterfeit detector www.cassidausa.com register.html . in many cases a unit malfunction can easily be corrected by performing a thorough cleaning . this requires disassembly of the unit to clean each individual sensor . this cleaning is not covered by warranty and should be performed only by your local dealer or the cassida technical service center . 4. shipping the warranty does not cover the cost of shipping to cassida  s technical servicefor technical assistance and warranty service contact cassida customer serive at 888-800-0303 .
brother pc-connectable label maker with auto cutter ( pt-2430pc ) . an easy-to-use pc-connectable label maker thats great for labeling file folders , binders , cd spines and much more . its intuitive label making program requires no software installation on your pc ! easy fast secure ! design durable , laminated labels up to 1 wide using the easy pop-up software . prints exactly what you see on your screen ! capable of printing multiple lines of text and graphics . laminated tape for indoor outdoor use . built-in auto cutter cuts labels to desired length . supports pc usb connectivity . includes starter tape and usb cable . uses ad-24 power adapter ( included ) or 6 `` aa '' batteries . the brother p-touch pt-2430pc pc-connectable label printer with auto cutter features a simple plug-in design to make it easier than ever to print labels without the need to download any software . this compact , pc-compatible label printer has all of the required software built right in , which makes it a breeze to print labels from any pc quickly and easily . .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } the printer is compatible with six different label widths up to one-inch wide , and it accepts tz laminated tape for both indoor and outdoor applications . the built-in automatic cutter makes it easy to get perfect cuts each and every time . simple installation installing the brother pt-2430pc label printer is as simple as connecting the included usb cable to any windows-based computer . the printer also requires 6 aa batteries or the included ad-24es adapter . easy label printing on-the-go because of the pt-2430pc 's compact stature and built-in software , it makes it easier than ever to print while on-the-go from anywhere there 's access to a windows-based computer . keep sensitive prints secure while traveling since no software is left behind on the computer . upgradeable software for added functionality for added features and functionality , you can install the included full version p-touch editor software and enjoy seamless integration with your pt-2430pc label printer . this added functionality allows for easy barcoding and database printing . the brother pt-2430pc label printer is compatible with windows 2000 , windows xp , and windows vista . it measures 2.6 x 7.4 x 4.4 inches ( wxdxh ) and weighs 1.4 pounds ( without batteries ) . it 's backed by a 1-year limited warranty and replacement service . what 's in the box brother pt-2430pc label printer , 1 2 inch ( 12mm ) x 16 foot ( 5m ) black on white laminated tz starter tape , user 's manual , ac adapter ( ad-24es ) , usb cable , cd rom : p-touch editor software and drivers , and software installation guide .
12-pack compatible ink cartridges for brother lc51 mfc 230c 240c 350c 440cn 465cn 3360c 5460cn 5860cn 665cw 685cw 845cw 885cw . 12-pack compatible ink cartridges for brother lc51 mfc 230c 240c 350c 440cn 465cn 3360c 5460cn 5860cn 665cw 685cw 845cw 885cw
kingston 4 gb ddr3 sdram memory module 4 gb ( 2 x 2 gb ) 1066mhz ddr31066 pc38500 nonecc ddr3 sdram 204pin sodimm kta-mb1066k2 4g . all kingston memory modules must perform properly to ensure maximum performance . therefore , kingston has developed an industry leading quality process to ensure that kingston memory delivers superior quality , performance , and 100 % compatibility with the computing system .
arcon 1pk brother compatible toner cartridge replacement for brother hl-2030 2030r 2040 2070n 2070nr 2045 2075n . each cartridge will perform when your requirements are most demanding . every cartridge produces clear , sharp and professional printing results . reduce downtime and increase productivity with a cartridge that is easy to install or replace . rely on toner for clean , sharp edges . device types : laser printer ; oem compatible : oem ; page-yield : 2500 ; supply type : toner .
skilcraft b3 aviator multi-function pen black red ink , medium point with pencil ( 7520-01-564-9906 ) . skilcraft b3 aviator multi-function pen black red ink , medium point with pencil ( 7520-01-564-9906 )
mural world map map type : executive . re00620092 map type : executive enjoy the accuracy and beauty of the latest world map from the cartographers at national geographic . this map features the winkel tripel projection to reduce distortion of land masses as they near the poles . features include subtle border coloring on land , and prevailing winds and ocean currents at sea . separate insets show the north and south polar regions , world vegetation and land use , and world population density . features : -three durable latex-coated panels . -hang like wallpaper . directions included . -made in the usa .
a t cross 85184 ball pen refill , medium point , black . ballpoint pen refills for use with the tech 3 , cross autocross , compact pens , leather accessory pens , and more .
s & s worldwide laminated jumbo wall calendar . this jumbo 37 '' x 49 '' erasable monthly calendar offers you a 5 '' x 6 '' square for posting daily notes or events . lightly lined to keep writing straight and neat . comes complete with four grommets for hanging and can be used with any wet-erase marker . reusable.perfect for teachers , activity directors or simply for daily use at home , this large whiteboard wall calendar will help you : - neatly organize your weekly tasks - post important messages and notes - plan each month ahead - easily update any planned events - remember all-important details and stay ahead of your schedule - stay motivated towards your monthly goals thanks to its convenient design , this laminated , reusable monthly planner will instantly upgrade your classroom , office , or breakroom , attracting all your visitors ' eyes and compliments . easy to use with wet-erase markers that you can simply wipe off when needed , this hanging whiteboard calendar is a must-have for any modern professional .
smead file pocket , straight-cut tab , 5-1 4 '' expansion , letter size , redrope , 10 per box ( 73234 ) . manage bulky files with these sturdy file pockets . 6 1 2 '' high gussets are reinforced at top with rollover tyvek strip to make them virtually tear-proof . back of pocket lined with 11 pt . manila stock for added strength and easy identification of subject heading . bottom and sides fully enclosed . this product was made using wood sourced from a certified managed forest .
paramount alexis 1922 decorator phone black . - paramount collections alexis decorator phone- paramount model number 1922ad- plastic construction- push button dialing in a rotary fashion plate- last number redial- handset volume ( low high ) - ringer volume ( low high ) - blackpmtalexisbk
6 x 9 booklet envelope - 24 # white wove - open side- ( 6 x 9 ) - jumbo envelope series ( box of 1000 ) . a quantity of 1000 - white 6x9 booklet envelopes are great for mailing letters , cards , invoices , statements , documents , brochures , small catalogs and booklets , and more . the booklet style envelopes open on the long , 9-inch edge . they have a standard gum seal that requires moisture to seal . to use , insert your items , moisten the seal , and press to close . the side open envelopes make inserting bulky items simple . these are perfect for a larger stack of documents that is slightly too large for a standard # 10 business envelope . fold your documents in half instead .
uniden dect1588-3t dect 6.0 corded cordless digital answering system with dual keypad and cordless handset and chargers . dect 6.0 interference free cordless frequency . maximum voice security clearest voice reception . corded and cordless handset digital answering system with handset access . base dual keypad speakerphone . caller id call waiting . handset speakerphone . call transfer between handsets . intercom or call transfer between handsets & base . 3-way conference calling . 30 name number caller id memory . advanced phonebook features_70 names . 3 cordless handsets and 3 chargers , 1 corded keypad base with integrated digital answering machine , 3 belt clips , 3 rechargeable nimh batteries
radioshack extended capacity digital answering system 43-3829 . three separate mailboxes - caller can choose which one to leave a message in . time day stamp tells you exactly when a message was received . remote access allows you to check messages when you are away from home . adjustable volume control . digitally records up to 60 minutes , no tape required . the answering machine is used for answering telephones and recording callers ' messages . an answering machine is set up in the user 's premises alongside - or incorporated within- the user 's land-line telephone .
royal 112mx 12-sheet cross cut shredder shreds cd 's with console ( black ) . this 12 sheet cross-cut paper shredder offers all the power and reliability needed in today 's environment . with the added ability to shred cds , dvds and credit cards , the 112mx offers the most comprehensive method of protecting all your personal and business information . it 's the details that make the 112mx special . it can shred up to 12 sheets of paper in a single pass into small 5 32 '' x 1 1 2 '' shreds . separate slots are provided for shredding cds , dvds and credit cards . this makes the 112mx perfect for destroying sensitive information . do n't become a victim of identity theft . the 112mx has an easy slide-out 3.25 gallon wastebasket that holds approximately 220 sheets of shredded paper . the clear viewing window in the front enables you to see when the wastebasket needs emptying . the 112mx is the perfect personal home office console shredder . the powerful 1 2 horsepower motor shreds up to 12 sheets of paper at one time into small unreadable pieces . the 112mx also shreds cds , dvds and credit cards - completely destroying all printed and digital information . form and function is the theme of the 112mx . the sturdy classic console design is the perfect accent to any office environment . the well thought-out design makes this unit easy to operate and maintain . its large 8 3 4 '' opening , conveniently located towards the front , makes feeding up to 12 sheets of paper effortless . royal knows the 112mx will be perfect for your personal and home office needs.a few pieces of shredded paper may be found inside the shredder and the waste basket . this is normal . all royal shredders are tested at the factory to insure quality . from the manufacturer with over 100 years experience manufacturing office equipment , royal has played a major role in the evolution of the paper shredder . the 112mx is one of our finest efforts in personal home office shredders . this 12 sheet cross-cut paper shredder offers all the power and reliability needed in today 's environment . with the added ability to shred cds , dvds and credit cards , the 112mx offers the most comprehensive method of protecting all your personal and business information . the clear window 3.25 gallon pull-out wastebasket makes it easy to dispose of all your destroyed information . a separate cutting slot insures that cds and dvds are completely shredded , destroying all your digital information . a separate cutting slot insures that credit cards are completely shredded , destroying all your sensitive information . attention to details make the difference . it 's the details that make the 112mx special . it can shred up to 12 sheets of paper in a single pass into small 5 32 '' x 1 1 2 '' shreds . separate slots are provided for shredding cds , dvds and credit cards . this makes the 112mx perfect for destroying sensitive information . do n't become a victim of identity theft . the 112mx has an easy slide-out 3.25 gallon wastebasket that holds approximately 220 sheets of shredded paper . the clear viewing window in the front enables you to see when the wastebasket needs emptying . identify theft is the fastest growing crime in american . protecting yourself from identify theft is the reason why every home and business should have a paper shredder . royal believes this by offering one of the largest lines of affordable paper shredders that are designed to meet the demands of today 's world . the 112mx is the perfect personal home office console shredder . the powerful 1 2 horsepower motor shreds up to 12 sheets of paper at one time into small unreadable pieces . the 112mx also shreds cds , dvds and credit cards - completely destroying all printed and digital information . the classic console design , with a clear window wastebasket , makes the 112mx stylish enough for any home or home office . form and function is the theme of the 112mx . the sturdy classic console design is the perfect accent to any office environment . the well thought-out design makes this unit easy to operate and maintain . its large 8 3 4 '' opening , conveniently located towards the front , makes feeding up to 12 sheets of paper effortless . royal knows the 112mx will be perfect for your personal and home office needs . what 's in the box 112mx console-style cross-cut paper shredder with built-in power cord , 3.25 gallon clear window pull-out wastebasket and instruction manual .
letter laminating pouches 5 mil 9 x 11-1 2 hot qty 100 . 100 letter size laminating pouches 5 mil 9 x 11-1 2 inch with top 15 % world high clarity rated clear glossy finish protects and enhances colors . 5 mils thick per flap provides clear flexible low cost paper protection . oregon lamination premium letter laminating pouches have small radius rounded corners for a professional finish.olp 9 x 11.5 laminating sleeves are metric size 229mm x 292mm and 125 microns thick per flap . olp laminating pouches provide the best deal value in polyester plastic laminating film with heat activated adhesive compatible in all thermal pouch laminators capable of sealing 5 mil 9 x 11-1 2 laminating pouches . package includes at least 1 silicone coated laminating carrier to protect your pouch laminator 's rollers from excess adhesive . most laminating machines do not require a carrier , but we include it anyway.card stock paper size recommended for these laminating pouches is up to 8-3 4 x 11-1 4 for a 1 8 inch border of clear laminate around all sides of card and a secure sealed edge . tips : industry standard specification for 5 mil laminating pouches is 3 mils on each flap for a total of 10 mils added to your paper sheet . also , 1 mil equals 1 1000th of an inch ( or 25 microns metric ) . the industry calls these laminating pouches when they are sealed on only one edge instead of three like folders . insist on authentic oregon lamination premium laminating pouches . you 'll be glad you did .
alera alefw601424bl single-tier rolling file cart , 24w x 14d x 21h , black . accommodates letter size hanging files . bottom shelf adjusts in 1 '' increments . wheels glide with ease for mobility and lock for stability . strong lower shelf supports up to 250 lbs . file cabinet type : mobile ; file size format : letter ; media stored : n a ; width : 24 in .
hon 4028p underdesk oversized keyboard platform mouse tray , 30 x 10 , black . designed to hold keyboard and mouse pad . positions standard keyboard 3 '' under worksurface for comfort . retracts when not in use . 30w x 10d . meets or exceeds ansi bifma standards . platform type : keyboard drawer ; material ( s ) : n a ; finish : n a ; color ( s ) : black .
master caster 70178 low profile bell glides , 100 lbs . glide , b stem , 5 set . master provides a variety of products to protect you and your office furniture . as the industry 's leading supplier , master provides replacement casters and glides for 99 % of the office chairs on the market today . contemporary design , strength and performance make these replacement casters and glides an excellent choice for office and home furnishings . master low profile bell glides convert any office chair with casters to a stationary chair without losing chair height . the bell shape and wide base provide security and stability . low profile bell glides offers easy installation and features a 2 inch base diameter and a 7 16 x 7 8 inch stem , with an overall height of 1-3 8 inches . the glides are weight rated 110 lbs . per glide . the master line of office organization and repair products provides `` do-it-yourself '' quick and easy solutions for everything and everyone !
hp 920xl cyan high yield original ink cartridge ( cd972an ) for hp officejet 6000 6500 7000 7500 . hp 920xl cyan high yield original ink cartridge ( cd972an ) . hp 920 ink cartridges work with : hp officejet 6000 , 6500 , 7000 , 7500. cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 700 pages . get up to 2x the pages with original hp xl ink cartridges compared to standard cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 920 ink . what 's in the box : new original 920xl hp ink cartridge ( cd972an ) color : cyan .
hp 920xl magenta high yield original ink cartridge ( cd973an ) for hp officejet 6000 6500 7000 7500 . hp 920xl magenta high yield original ink cartridge ( cd973an ) . hp 920 ink cartridges work with : hp officejet 6000 , 6500 , 7000 , 7500. cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 700 pages . get up to 2x the pages with original hp xl ink cartridges compared to standard cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 920 ink . what 's in the box : new original 920xl hp ink cartridge ( cd973an ) color : magenta . < ! -- .headerm { color : # 000000 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:24px ; font-weight : bold ; margin:0 ; padding:0 0 10px ; top : 30px ; text-transform : uppercase ; text-align : left ; } .aplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .subheader { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:14px ; font-weight : bold ; text-align : left ; text-transform : uppercase ; } .acontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } .acontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } .style3 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif } .sup-text { font-size : 11px ; } hr.dashed { border-top:1px dashed # 999999 ; color : # ffffff ; height:1px ; margin:3px 0 ; clear : left ; } ul { padding-left:1.1em ; margin-left : 0px ; list-style-position : outside ; *remove indents from list* } li { margin : .6em 0 ; * space btwn lists * } .legal { color : # 676767 ; font-family : arial , verdana , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size:9px ; font-weight : normal ; text-align : left ; line-height:12px ; } -- > hp 920xl magenta officejet ink cartridge ideal for : high-volume printing : get two times more pages than standard ink professional color for a low cost per page yield1 : 700 pages stock up on hp 920 inks : # 1 brand in ink is also the # 1 value print more . reprint less . original hp ink is proven to be more reliable print up to 65 % more pages than bargain inks2 more than 33 % of tested refilled ink cartridges failed during use or right out of the box2 the tested original hp print cartridges worked every timewithout failing2 buy more , save more hp high-capacity xl print cartridges print two to three times more pages than standard hp print cartridges replace print cartridges less often to avoid wasting plastic and packaging materials hp multi-packs save up to 10 % , on average , over the cost of buying print cartridges separately get two or more cartridges per pack so you always have the ink you need on-hand hp value packs save time and money with ink and paper in one convenient pack print affordable , lab-quality photos in the comfort of your own home create professional-quality marketing materials in your own office recycling made easy designed with the environment in mind free print cartridge recycling with the hp planet partners recycling program recycled plastic from used hp print cartridges and water bottles have made more than 400 million new original hp inkjet print cartridges stock up on hp 920 inks : 1 average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies . 2 a qualitylogic 2009 study compared original hp inkjet print cartridges ( 92a , 93a , 98a , 95a , 21a and 22a ) with refilled ink cartridges sold in north america . for details , see www.qualitylogic.com 2009hpinktest.pdf .
fisher space pen st space-tec pen with black ink , medium point , black rubber coated . this black rubber coated fisher pen has a rubberized grip . writes at any angle , even upside down .
velcro brand - industrial strength extreme outdoor heavy duty , superior holding power on rough surfaces 10 strips 4in x 1in titanium . velcro brand extreme outdoor fasteners feature an all-weather , uv-resistant adhesive for rough surfaces including concrete and certain types of brick . superior holding power meets the requirements of demanding indoor and outdoor applications without drilling , nails , screws or epoxy . andnbsp ; velcro brand fasteners with heavy duty adhesive are recommended for indoor or outdoor use on most smooth surfaces , including plastic . instructions:1. clean and dry surface before application2 . peel tape from fastener and press firmly into place3 . adhesive reaches maximum strength after 24 hours note : recommended for temperatures between 0 and deg , f to 150 and deg , f . not recommended for fabrics , dashboards , flexible vinyl or underwater use . continued exposure to full sunlight can damage fastener . may not adhere well to certain types of brick and ndash , testing is recommended .
epson workforce b11b194011 pro gt-s50 document scanner . the workforce pro gt-s50 document image scanner offers an amazing value with its remarkable reliability , powerful performance and easy-to-use features . with a daily duty cycle of up to 1200 sheets , plus a 75-page feeder , it 's ready to tackle any task in busy office environments . scan everything from business cards to rigid id cards . the gt-s50 easily scans both sides of one sheet in just one pass in color , grayscale or bi-tonal . the workforce pro gt-s50 document image scanner offers an amazing value with its remarkable reliability , powerful performance and easy-to-use features . with a daily duty cycle of up to 1200 sheets , plus a 75-page feeder , it  s ready to tackle any task in busy office environments . scan everything from business cards to rigid id cards and documents up to 8.5x36 . the gt-s50 easily scans both sides of one sheet in just one pass  in color , grayscale or bi-tonal . it  s never been easier to electronically capture critical documents . whether you need a faster way to access shared documents , a more affordable way to comply with government mandates or a better way to maintain the integrity of important documents , the gt-s50 is the perfect place to start . designed by epson , a leader in digital imaging , the gt-s50 offers robust paper handling capabilities and quality you can depend on  all from a compact , desktop scanner . the epson workforce pro gt-s50 features 10 user-definable scan jobs displayed on 2 line x 16 character lcd . the epson workforce pro gt-s50  s versatile automatic document feeder can scan documents , business cards and plastic id cards . user-definable scan jobs with lcd display the epson workforce pro gt-s50 features 10 user-definable scan jobs for easy one-touch scanning including scan to pdf . the epson event manager software allows you to create customized scan jobs specifying resolution , file output type , image type and whether an image is saved to a file or launched into another application . unlike other scanners where scan jobs are displayed only as a number , the workforce pro gt-s50  s 2 line x 16 character lcd displays scan jobs with job titles and settings making it easy to choose and start a scan . compatibility and integration with document management applications in order to fit into any document management environment , the epson workforce pro gt-s50 both epson scan twain and emc captiva isis drivers for compatibility with key document management standards and software applications . the workforce pro gt-s50 has also been certified by kofax , a leader in document imaging software . versatile high-speed scanning the epson workforce pro gt-s50 features a 75-page automatic document feeder capable of scan speeds up to 25 ppm simplex , 50 ipm duplex ( 200 dpi , a4-size , speed priority scanning mode ) . with its dual ccd sensors , the workforce pro gt-s50 is able to scan both sides of a sheet in just one pass . the adf can accommodate documents up to 8.5x36 inches including stacks of mixed sizes that can be automatically recognized and cropped . adding to the versatility , the gt-s50 can scan business cards directly into the included newsoft presto !  bizcard software the adf can also scan plastic , embossed and rigid id cards , capturing both sides of the card in a single pass . with the included carrier sheet , the gt-s50 can also scan receipts and other small or fragile documents . the workforce pro gt-s50 offers a host of features in a compact , desktop scanner . epson imaging technologies the epson scanner driver offers a host of innovative functions including automatic paper size detection , automatic hole-punch removal , automatic de-skewing , background color removal and much more . readyscan led light source this energy-efficient light source uses less power , while offering greater productivity . and , there 's no warmup required . best of all , with no mercury included , this led technology is better for the environment . superior support and service each epson workforce pro gt-s50 is backed by exceptional service and support . the workforce pro gt-s50 includes a one-year warranty with extended warranties and overnight exchange programs also available . the gt-s50 also features an affordable user-replaceable roller assembly to keep the scanner working at peak performance even in heavy workloads . features benefits do more - 25 ppm , 50 ipm scan speeds ; scans both sides of one sheet in just one pass scan stacks of documents - 75-page auto document feeder tackle any task with versatile paper handling capabilities  scan business cards , rigid id cards and documents up to 8.5x36 inches ( accommodates different size documents all at one time ) get reliable performance  high-volume duty cycle of up to 1200 sheets per day enjoy one-touch scanning  front control panel with up to 10 user-definable scan jobs including scan-to-pdf rest easy with readyscantm led technology  no mercury , uses less energy , no warmup time manage critical documents with included software  includes isis and twain drivers plus pdf , ocr , document management and business card management software ; kofax vrs certified save on office space  compact scanner fits in any environment connect to your pc  compatible with windows and macintosh ; hi-speed usb 2.0 connection what  s in the box epson workforce pro gt-s50 document imaging scanner ; scanner installation cd-rom and electronic user  s guide ; nuance scansoft paperport cd-rom ; start here poster ; hi-speed usb 2.0 cable ; ac adapter with power cable ; carrier sheet .
uniden dect 6.0 digital cordless phone with caller id and two extra handsets ( dect1560-3 ) . the dect1560-3 cordless phone by uniden is packed with time-saving features that help you better manage your calls . it features a large display screen and orange backlit keys which make it a snap to dial the correct number or access features , even in low-light conditions . the phonebook feature stores up to 70 names with an alphabetical search , unique ringers you can assign to specific calling parties and an option to transfer either a single listing or the entire phonebook . the bilingual menus in both english and spanish guide you through every step so you can take full advantage of the 10 full hours of talk time per battery charge . the dect1560-3 includes two extra handsets and chargers cradles . about dect technology : advanced dect 6.0 technology , or digital enhanced cordless telecommunications , operates on the newly released 1.9 ghz frequency band that was recently allocated to support cordless telephony . uniden dect 6.0 incorporates unique `` listen before transmit '' technology that avoids interference with many household products , such as baby monitors , microwaves and wifi ( which operate on frequencies like 2.4 ghz ) . as a result , dect phones offer consumers enhanced voice clarity and crystal clear digital sound quality . dect 6.0 technology also offers higher security and voice protection , as well as a longer battery and battery standby life than existing 2.4 ghz or 5.8 ghz phones .
panasonic dect 6.0 silver cordless phone with answering machine ( kx-tg1031s ) . panasonic kx-tg1031s dect 6.0 cordless phone with answering machine
panasonic kx-tg6445t dect 6.0 cordless phone with answering system , metallic black , 5 handsets . panasonic kx-tg6445t dect 6.0 cordless phone with answering machine from the manufacturer at panasonic , we never stop trying to increase our knowledge of the ways in which technology can improve people 's lives . that 's why we 've engineered our latest line of dect 6.0 digital telephones with even more innovative features that enhance the way you communicate . designed to complement your lifestyle and improve the way you live , our 2009 line features big button handsets and larger , clearer displays in sleek , simple packages . panasonic dect 6.0 phones feature big button handsets and larger , clearer displays in sleek , simple packages . all-digital answering machine ensures messages are saved , even during power outages . long range , excellent clarity and greater security dect 6.0 ( digital enhanced cordless telecommunications ) technology lets you move freely around your home with long range and amazingly clear sound . it also assures greater protection against eavesdropping for all your calls . operating in the 1.9ghz frequency range , your phone will not conflict with other wireless devices such as computer routers , wireless keyboards , microwave ovens and other common household devices . put a handset in every room with five handsets ( one base and four satellite handsets ) and the option of adding one handset1  all while using only one base and one phone jack  go ahead and put one in the den , the kitchen , the master bedroom and the living room so you wo n't have to make a run for it when the phone rings . silent mode lets you choose when and where the phone rings now you can program each handset to ring  or not  at your discretion . before going to sleep , simply set the bedside handset to silent mode so that it wo n't ring in your bedroom . in the meantime , the handset in the den will still ring when that important call comes in without disturbing the person who 's sleeping . the phone that talks now you do n't have to be holding the phone to see who 's calling . using text-to-speech technology , the caller id2 information is announced between rings . the phone also boasts a talking alarm clock that will tell you when it 's time for lunch , and a talking battery alert that politely tells you when your battery is low with a `` please charge phone '' reminder . block unwanted calls store the caller id info of any and all unwanted callers into your phone 's call block list so that you can eliminate future pesky calls . after the information is stored , those unwanted callers will receive a busy signal when they call you again . never miss a call with the light-up indicator do n't miss important calls when the ringer is off . the light-up indicator with ringer alert at the base of the antenna will flash quickly to show that you have an incoming call , and it will flash slowly to let you know you have a new message . so turn off the ringer and never miss a call . 1. additional handsets sold separately . 2. requires subscription to name-and-number caller id , call waiting and or voice mail services offered by certain local telephone companies for a fee . what 's in the box five cordless handsets , one base , four chargers , one telephone cord line , five ac adapters , ten batteries , five belt clips , one wall mount kit , and operating instructions .
panasonic kx-tga740b extra handset for 64xx series cordless phone , black . panasonic kx-tga740b dect 6.0 additional premium cordless handset with larger lcd and choicemail
panasonic kx-tg1061m cordless corded phone with answering machine , metallic grey . the panasonic kx-tg1061m cordless corded phone  s dect 6.0 ( digital enhanced cordless telecommunications ) technology lets you move freely around your home with long range and amazingly clear sound . it also assures greater protection against eavesdropping for all your calls . operating in the 1.9ghz frequency range , your phone will not conflict with other wireless devices such as computer routers , wireless keyboards , microwave ovens and other common household devices . store the caller id info of any and all unwanted callers into your phone 's call block list so that you can eliminate future pesky calls . after the information is stored , those unwanted callers will receive a busy signal when they call you again . now you can program each handset to ring or not at your discretion . before going to sleep , simply set the bedside handset to silent mode so that it wo n't ring in your bedroom . in the meantime , the handset in the den will still ring when that important call comes in without disturbing the person who 's sleeping . the corded handset works even when the electricity does n't . do n't miss important calls when the ringer is off . the light-up indicator with ringer alert at the base of the antenna will flash quickly to show that you have an incoming call , and it will flash slowly to let you know you have a new message . so turn off the ringer and never miss a call . from the manufacturer at panasonic , we never stop trying to increase our knowledge of the ways in which technology can improve people 's lives . that 's why we 've engineered our latest line of dect 6.0 digital telephones with even more innovative features that enhance the way you communicate . designed to complement your lifestyle and improve the way you live , our 2009 line features big button handsets and larger , clearer displays in sleek , simple packages . all-digital answering machine ensures messages are saved , even during power outages . panasonic dect 6.0 phones feature big button handsets and larger , clearer displays in sleek , simple packages . long range , excellent clarity and greater security dect 6.0 ( digital enhanced cordless telecommunications ) technology lets you move freely around your home with long range and amazingly clear sound . it also assures greater protection against eavesdropping for all your calls . operating in the 1.9ghz frequency range , your phone will not conflict with other wireless devices such as computer routers , wireless keyboards , microwave ovens and other common household devices . block unwanted calls store the caller id info of any and all unwanted callers into your phone 's call block list so that you can eliminate future pesky calls . after the information is stored , those unwanted callers will receive a busy signal when they call you again . silent mode lets you choose when and where the phone rings now you can program each handset to ring  or not  at your discretion . before going to sleep , simply set the bedside handset to silent mode so that it wo n't ring in your bedroom . in the meantime , the handset in the den will still ring when that important call comes in without disturbing the person who 's sleeping . works during a power outage power outage ? no problem . the corded handset works even when the electricity does n't . enjoy peace of mind knowing you can make calls even when the power goes out . ( corded handset , line 1 only . ) put a handset in every room with one cordless handset ( one corded base and one satellite handset ) and the option of adding five additional handsets1  all while using only one base and one phone jack  go ahead and put one in the den , the kitchen , the master bedroom and the living room so you wo n't have to make a run for it when the phone rings . never miss a call with the light-up indicator do n't miss important calls when the ringer is off . the light-up indicator with ringer alert at the base of the antenna will flash quickly to show that you have an incoming call , and it will flash slowly to let you know you have a new message . so turn off the ringer and never miss a call . 1. additional handsets sold separately . what 's in the box one cordless handset , one base , one charger , one telphone cord line , one ac adpater , two batteries , one belt clip , one wall mount kit , and operating instructions .
panasonic kx-tga106m extra handset for kx-tg1061m and kx-tg1062m , metallic grey ( kxtga106m ) . kxtga106m- additional digital cordless handset .
hygloss products 32612 blank passport . these blank passports bring excitement to learning and will provide your kids with endless activities to help expand their minds !
swingline stapler , optima 70 , desktop stapler , 70 sheet capacity , reduced effort , half strip , silver ( 87875 ) . the optima desktop stapler is reduced-effort , with an ergonomic shape and soft-feel handle that makes stapling 50 % easier in comparison to standard desk staplers . staples up to twice the capacity of comparable models . flat-clinch stapling forms staples flat ( on the reverse of the bottom sheet ) for neater stacking , while the quick load feature simplifies staple refilling . just push a button and the staple magazine pops out from the front . stapler is backed by a 100 % performance guarantee .
advantus gem 1.5-inch t-pins , 100 per box ( 87t ) . these pins have a unique , smooth t-bar head for easy removal . the nickel-plated steel t-pin with a sharp point makes it easy to push through thick sheaves of paper . they are used extensively in the financial and banking industries . they are also great for use in offices for hanging items on cubicles or bulletin boards . made of nickel plated steel , these gem t-pins comes in a 100-count box . advantus corp. is dedicated to providing innovative quality products at fair prices . na
sparco hanging file folder frames stainless steel letter size width and adjustable length spr60529 . premium file folder frames assemble quickly and easily . made of metal , frames are notched for easy adjustment to fit shorter file drawers . hanging folders are not included .
hp officejet pro 8500 wireless all-in-one printer . the hp officejet pro 8500 wireless all-in-one printer comes with built-in wireless printing and wired networking . the two sided printing saves paper with add-on features like memory card slots , color lcd screen , 4*6 color photo printing , high capacity paper tray and auto document feeder . want a multifunction color printer that offers the convenience of wireless networking ? our officejet pro 8500 is right for all your small-office printing , faxing , copying , and scanning . you 'll get professional-quality color at up to 50 % lower color cost per page and using less energy than laser printers . plus you can scan photos and documents ( up to legal size ) directly to folderswithout a pcusing our direct digital filing feature . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outer ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? legal-size scanning 3.4 '' interactive touchscreen professional color for up to 50 % lower cost per page and less energy use than lasers1 enlargefunctionsfeatures enlargebuilt-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cables built-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple people two-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pc color lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documents high-capacity paper tray refill paper less often with a tray that holds 250 sheets or more auto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed maximum speeds of 35 pages per minute black , 34 ppm color2 fax up to 125-page fax memory , up to 99 speed dial numbers scan resolution up to 4800-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 14 '' copyreduce enlarge 25 % 400 % paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 15,000 pages per month wireless wireless 802.11b g remember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink3 940 1,000 pages 940xl 2,200 pages 940 900 pages 940xl 1,400 pages 940 900 pages 940xl 1,400 pages 940 900 pages 940xl 1,400 pages recommended hp paper hp brochure & flyer paperhp presentation paperhp bright white inkjet paper more information datasheet ( pdf ) product overview which hp all-in-one is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side-by-side see comparison chart majority of color laser all-in-ones under $ 600 , june 2008 , oj pro with highest-capacity cartridges . energy use based on hp testing using the energy star program  s tec test method criteria . for details , see www.hp.com go officejet after first page ; see www.hp.com go inkjetprinter for details . page yield values are approximate , actual yield depends on printer and specific use ; for more information visit www.hpshopping.com
rolodex explorer collection business card book , 96-card , brown ( 22336 ) . rolodex explorer collection business card book , 96-card , brown ( 22336 ) . book-style cardholder and binder hold everything you need for important meetings . 12 clear card-sleeve pages hold up to 96 business cards . additional pockets hold up to 10 note cards , business or credit cards , with a clear window to display id . zippered closure keeps contents secure but opens easily . 0.87 inches long by 5 inches wide by 10.12 inches high .
elmer 's extra strong spray adhesive ( e455 ) . fast-tack , acid-free spray creates a permanent bond . features a wide pad nozzle for no-mess application . applies consistently with no clumping . does not attack styrofoam . dries clear , not yellow , for a clean finished project . has ergonomic easy-to-grip can . wide pad nozzle for no mess application . features an ergonomic , easy to grip rounded can . new improved formula for excellent results . vertical spray pattern for consistent application with no clumping . this product will not attack styrofoam .
best-rite 669rg-hh platinum mobile reversible whiteboard easel , 4 x 6 feet panel size , dura-rite hpl markerboard surface . get up to twice the functional space of a wallmounted board with a versatile and mobile platinum reversible board . mobile boards are double-sided and available in a variety of surface combinations , including porcelain steel magnetic dry erase markerboard , dura-rite hpl dry erase markerboard , and tackable natural cork . magnetic porcelain steel whiteboards are engineered for superior color contrast with dry erase markers . standard gloss dry erase surface provides superior writability and erasability with no ghosting . reduced surface light distortion enhances visibility to provide optimum eye comfort . dura-rite whiteboards provide a wear-resistant and dust-free surface at an affordable price . hpl gives smooth writability and erasability . taber tests show dust-free dura-rite lasts up to 125 times as long as standard melamine . natural cork surface gives you a traditional tackboard with excellent resiliency and tackability
alera alerv44ls10c ravino big & tall series high-back swivel tilt leather chair , black . plush pillow-top seat and back for luxurious comfort . open loop aluminum arms with padded armrests . chrome-plated five-star base with nylon casters for easy mobility . casters supplied with this chair are not suitable for all floor types . alternative casters are available to meet your specific needs .
konica minolta magicolor 1650en color laser printer ; 20ppm ; b & with 5 ppm color ; 9600x600 dpi ; 256 mb ram ; ethernet . pmagicolor 1650en do business better with the best small office printer from konica minolta , the magicolor 1650en . this ultra compact , lightweight color laser printer will quickly become your most important piece of office equipment . it features a monthly duty cycle of 35,000 prints and outputs documents at speeds up to 20 ppm black white and 5 ppm color . designed to network with a variety of operating systems , the magicolor 1650en is friendly for windows , mac and linux users , making it the perfect addition to any office . p just 15.6 '' x 15 '' in size , the magicolor 1650en uses the smallest work space of any color laser printer . and its size is accompanied by an equally small price . yet this printer packs in features that give small work teams and offices plus-size productivity . an emperon controller delivers postscript 3 and pcl 6 support to a mixed-network of windows , mac and linux users via a fast 10 100basetx ethernet interface . the magicolor 1650en uses simitri polymerized toner and 9600 x 600 dpi-class color to produce prints that are rich and laser sharp . with a sleek design that complements any office style , this space saver has a 200-sheet fold-up input tray and easy front-access entry point to add paper and change supplies . able to print up to 35,000 prints per month , you can maximize productivity with this mini-size printer . the 1650en offers the smallest workspace when compared to other color laser printers . competitive models require space for pulling out the paper input tray , side air flow ventilation or for paper jam access at the rear of the printer . simitri hd polymerized toner produces exceptional output . its particles are smaller and more uniform in size and shape than conventional pulverized toner , providing smoother , more natural images ; richer gradation and sharper text . simitri hd toner operates at a much lower temperature -- saves up to 15 % energy . the production of simitri hd toner emits 40 % less pollutants than the production of conventional pulverized toners . toner cartridges are included in the clean planet program -- return empty cartridges to konica minolta free of charge where 99 % of the cartridge mass is recycled . the magicolor 1650en is also energy star certified . konica minolta business solutions u.s.a. inc. , a leader in advanced imaging and networking technologies for the desktop to the print shop , brings together unparalleled advances in security , print quality and network integration via its award-winning line of bizhub multifunction products ( mfps ) : bizhub press and pro production printing systems , magicolor color printers , and pagepro monochrome printers . konica minolta also offers advanced software solutions , wide-format printers , microform digital imaging systems , and scanning systems for specialized applications . konica minolta delivers cutting-edge services and support to keep businesses ahead of the curve , including optimized print services , managed it services , and business development services .
konica minolta magicolor 1690mf multifunction color laser printer . speed the flow of information with a magicolor 1690mf printer . designed to provide high quality 1200 x 600 dpi prints at speeds up to 20 ppm b & w and 5 ppm color , this printer , copier , scanner and fax is the best multifunction printer for the size and money . it 's small footprint of 16.0 '' x 16.9 '' fits into any office and is non-obtrusive for desktop use . plus , the printer is quiet with an operating noise level of = 52 db ( a ) and standby noise level of = 32 db ( a ) so you wo n't be distracted by noisy output . plus , it offers an ethernet 10 100basetx & usb 2.0 connection for network or local use . for convenient multifunction use , the konica minolta magicolor 1690mf features a 33.6 kbps super g3 fax and an automatic document feeder for multi-page copies , faxes and scans . and supply replenishment is simple with a full-front access panel and an optional 500-sheet paper tray allowing for longer periods between refills . consolidate your office essentials with the magicolor . this desktop all-in-one provides print , copy , scan and fax functionality in one small package . this multitasking color laser is the smallest ever offered from konica minolta . at only 17 '' tall it wo n't compete for desktop space . despite its compact size , the magicolor quickly delivers 20 ppm b & w and 5 ppm color . it 's packed with user-friendly design features including a large , easy to read display , and a front access panel for quick toner replacement . an automatic document feeder makes copying , scanning or faxing multi-page documents a breeze . it also comes equipped with simitri hd polymerized toner which ensures smoother , more natural images and sharper text while saving 15 % more energy . space-saving design , quality results and user-friendly features make the magicolor the last office assistant you 'll ever need . the konica minolta magicolor 1690mf was designed with the user in mind , making it the best multifunction printer available . its compact footprint of 16.0 '' x 16.9 '' x 17 '' is perfect for desktop use and it features an easy-to-read display for intuitive operation . print , copy , scan and fax at rapid speeds with professional quality results . the magicolor 1690mf outputs original prints at speeds up to 20 ppm b & w and 5 ppm color , and accommodates a monthly duty cycle of 35,000 prints . simitri hd polymerized toner from konica minolta is comprised of smaller size toner particles with more consistent shape to produce the highest quality images and text at 1200 x 600 dpi . it also saves up to 15 % more energy because the operating temperature is cooler than standard toners . replacing toner cartridges is simple with the full front access panel on your magicolor 1690mf . the toner yields up to 2,500 pages per cartridge . copy , scan and fax multiple documents with ease using the automatic document feeder . the adf accommodates 35 sheets of paper at a time . scan documents , pictures and more at speeds up to 20 opm ( monochrome ) and 3.3 opm ( color ) using the automatic document feeder on your aio printer . available file formats include pdf , tiff , and jpeg . go green and reduce your utility bills with the energy star rated magicolor 1690mf . sleep mode uses 14 watts or less , making it the best multifunction printer for the environment . the mfp features a maximum 700 sheet capacity to decrease the frequency of paper refills . standard paper input accommodates 200-sheets , optional paper input adds 500 additional sheets . send documents faster using the 33.6 kbps super g3 fax that comes standard on your konica minolta magicolor 1690mf . includes pc driver and 6 mb memory . konica minolta business solutions u.s.a. inc. , a leader in advanced imaging and networking technologies for the desktop to the print shop , brings together unparalleled advances in security , print quality and network integration via its award-winning line of bizhub multifunction products ( mfps ) : bizhub press and pro production printing systems , magicolor color printers , and pagepro monochrome printers . konica minolta also offers advanced software solutions , wide-format printers , microform digital imaging systems , and scanning systems for specialized applications . konica minolta delivers cutting-edge services and support to keep businesses ahead of the curve , including optimized print services , managed it services , and business development services .
chartpak bg1251m graphic art tape , 1 8 w x 324 l inches , black matte , 1 roll . chartpak graphic art tape is used to create even , solid lines for charts , crafts , decorations and signage . for indoor and outdoor use on clean , dry surfaces , this permanent adhesive material works on a variety of surfaces , including plastic , whiteboard , glass , paper , wood , metal and ceramic . made in usa . 1 8 '' w x 324 '' l , black matte , 1 roll . chartpak prides itself on integrating brands that affect the way we work , the way we learn , and the way we create .
cetis scitec 2554e red . - scitec single line red emergency phone- wall phone- sturdy bell ringer- handset volume control- 5-year manufacturer 's warranty sci25402
printronic remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for hp psc 1315 ( black , 2-pack ) . hp 56 ink cartridge replacement will work in all printers that use the following . hp psc 1315 ink cartridge hp deskjet 5550 ink cartridge hp psc 1210 ink cartridge hp psc 1350 ink cartridge hp deskjet 5150 ink cartridge hp photosmart 7760 ink cartridge hp deskjet 450 ink cartridge hp deskjet 5650 ink cartridge hp psc 1110 ink cartridge hp psc 1310 ink cartridge hp photosmart 7660 ink cartridge hp psc 2410 ink cartridge hp officejet 5510 ink cartridge hp photosmart 7350 ink cartridge hp photosmart 7260 ink cartridge hp photosmart 7960 ink cartridge hp officejet 6110 ink cartridge hp psc 2210 ink cartridge hp psc 2175 ink cartridge hp photosmart 7450 ink cartridge hp psc 2110 ink cartridge hp officejet 4215 ink cartridge hp photosmart 7150 ink cartridge hp psc 2510 ink cartridge hp psc 1317 ink cartridge hp deskjet 5850 ink cartridge hp photosmart 7550 ink cartridge hp deskjet 9650 ink cartridge hp officejet 4110 ink cartridge hp officejet 5505 ink cartridge hp psc 2100 ink cartridge hp psc 1315xi ink cartridge hp psc 1205 ink cartridge hp psc 1210v ink cartridge hp psc 2200 ink cartridge hp psc 2170 ink cartridge hp psc 1315v ink cartridge hp deskjet 9680 ink cartridge hp psc 1355 ink cartridge hp psc 1210xi ink cartridge hp fax 1240 ink cartridge hp deskjet 450cbi ink cartridge hp psc 2410xi ink cartridge hp officejet 4215xi ink cartridge hp psc 1209 ink cartridge hp deskjet 9670 ink cartridge hp psc 1340 ink cartridge hp deskjet 5551 ink cartridge hp deskjet 450ci ink cartridge hp officejet 6110xi ink cartridge hp psc 1350v ink cartridge hp photosmart 7755 ink cartridge hp officejet 5510v ink cartridge hp deskjet 450wbt ink cartridge hp psc 2210xi ink cartridge hp psc 2171 ink cartridge hp psc 1311 ink cartridge hp psc 2175xi ink cartridge hp psc 2110xi ink cartridge hp officejet 4215v ink cartridge hp psc 1350xi ink cartridge hp photosmart 7260w ink cartridge hp photosmart 7960w ink cartridge hp psc 1312 ink cartridge hp photosmart 7760w ink cartridge
remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for hp 21 and hp 22 ( 1 black 1 color 2 pack ) . the printer may need to be reset . to reset a printer they can follow these instructions . 1. remove the cartridges out of the printer and shut printer off . 2. unplug printer from the power outlet and your computer as well . 3. turn off your computer as well ( if you are able to ) . 4. wait a few minutes before turning on your printer . 5. turn your computer on ( if turned off ) . 6. plug in the printer to the outlet and to your computer as well . 7. turn your printer on and wait until it starts up . 8. install the printer cartridges , and if alignment page does not print out automatically , try doing it manually . the reset of the printer should allow the printer to read the new cartridge .
brother mfc-7340 flatbed laser multi-function center . the mfc-7340 is a compact and affordable laser all-in-one suitable for your home office or small business . it combines high-quality monochrome laser printing , copying , color scanning and faxing in one compact unit . use the document glass for copying , scanning or faxing a single page or the 35-page capacity auto document feeder for multi-page documents ( up to legal-size ) . it also has a usb interface for local connectivity , and can even be used as a stand-alone device for copying and faxing without being connected to a computer .
remanufactured canon pg-30 & cl-31 combo black & color print cartridge . remanufactured canon pg-30 & cl-31 combo black & color print cartridge
canon canoscan 3297b002 lide 700f color image scanner . compact and stylish 9600 dpi scanner with film scanning from the manufacturer become familiar with high-quality and high-speed scanning for documents , prints and 35mm film . with a scanner this compact and stylish , its powerful maximum resolution of 9600 x 9600 ( optical ) dpi immediately impresses . you won  t believe how easy it is . it  s auto scan mode feature automatically detects what you  re scanning and saves it as a file . the four ez buttons enable you scan , copy or create a pdf faster than ever . canon lide700f color image scanner lide700f delivers a letter size color scan in approximately 12 seconds ! the four ez buttons enable you scan , copy or create a pdf faster than ever . scan a photo , document , business card , textbook or personal notebook and have it automatically recognized.. for those with a true need for speed the lide700f delivers a letter size color scan in approximately 12 seconds ! this product also allows you to join the generation green initiative featuring low power consumption using the usb cable for both data and power . stunning resolution when you combine 9600 x 9600 maximum color resolution with a vivid 48-bit color depth and over 281 trillion possible colors , the results will astound you . continue your scanning brilliance with tremendous 19,200 x 19,200 ( interpolated ) software enhanced scans . ez buttons have the flexibility to do what you want with your originals , quickly as you utilize the four ez buttons to automate the entire scanning process . copy , scan and create email attachments or pdf files simply with the push of a button . auto scan mode finally , you have the ability to bring eight steps into one as you scan a photo , document , business card , textbook or personal notebook and have it automatically recognized . in addition , the original is automatically cropped to proper size , scanned and saved in the appropriate file format . all of this is achieved with the press of a single button . 35mm film make your old photos look brand new again with the special film scanning guide frame and film adapter unit by scanning one film strip at a time at a maximum 9600 color dpi . one plug scanning consolidate the number of wires in your work area as one simple cable provides a usb 2.0 hi-speed connection and power . 3 way positioning scan with flexibility to accommodate your work station as you can setup the lide700 in three positions such as upright , portrait and landscape . usb 2.0 hi-speed scan and transfer images to your computer with the fastest possible scanning speeds with this connection . the usb 2.0 hi-speed interface also allows for quick previews of your images to your computer .
canon pixma pro9000 mark ii inkjet photo printer ( 3295b002 ) . high performance photo printing up to 13-inchx19-inch for professional quality.what 's in the box : pixma pro9000 mark ii inkjet photo printer , document kit , adobe photoshop elements installation sheet , cross sell sheet , getting started , important information sheet , safety environment information , setup software & user 's guide cd-rom , warranty card , ink tanks : cli-8bk black , cli-8c cyan , cli-8m magenta , cli-8y yellow , cli-8pc photo cyan , cli-8pm photo magenta , cli-8r red and cli-8g green , power cord and warranty card.power requirements : 110-240v ac , 50 60hz.os compatibilitywindows7 , windows vista , windows xp 2000 andmac os x v10.3.9 to v10.5.x prepared to step-up and produce professional quality photo prints ? the pixma pro9000 mark ii possesses the functionality and technology you need for high-quality output so you can be the photographer you  ve always wanted to be . its 8-color ink system widens your color palette along with advanced easy-photoprint pro software to fine tune your prints plus ambient light correction which optimizes color output to match the specified lighting condition you would display in . this fantastic printer does all of this and more while supporting canon fine art photo papers up to 13 '' x 19 '' with two separate paper paths , including a front feeder for heavyweight paper types . canon pro9000 markii inkjet photo printer & amp ; lt ; ! -- * font definitions * @ font-face { font-family : '' cambria math '' ; panose-1:2 4 5 3 5 4 6 3 2 4 ; mso-font-alt : '' calisto mt '' ; mso-font-charset:0 ; mso-generic-font-family : roman ; mso-font-pitch : variable ; mso-font-signature : -1610611985 1107304683 0 0 159 0 ; } @ font-face { font-family : calibri ; panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4 ; mso-font-alt : '' arial rounded mt bold '' ; mso-font-charset:0 ; mso-generic-font-family : swiss ; mso-font-pitch : variable ; mso-font-signature : -1610611985 1073750139 0 0 159 0 ; } * style definitions * p.msonormal , li.msonormal , div.msonormal { mso-style-unhide : no ; mso-style-qformat : yes ; mso-style-parent : '' '' ; margin:0in ; margin-bottom : .0001pt ; mso-pagination : widow-orphan ; font-size:12.0pt ; font-family : '' times new roman '' , '' serif '' ; mso-fareast-font-family : calibri ; mso-fareast-theme-font : minor-latin ; } .msochpdefault { mso-style-type : export-only ; mso-default-props : yes ; mso-ascii-font-family : calibri ; mso-ascii-theme-font : minor-latin ; mso-fareast-font-family : calibri ; mso-fareast-theme-font : minor-latin ; mso-hansi-font-family : calibri ; mso-hansi-theme-font : minor-latin ; mso-bidi-font-family : '' times new roman '' ; mso-bidi-theme-font : minor-bidi ; } @ page section1 { size:8.5in 11.0in ; margin:1.0in 1.0in 1.0in 1.0in ; mso-header-margin : .5in ; mso-footer-margin : .5in ; mso-paper-source:0 ; } div.section1 { page : section1 ; } -- & amp ; gt ; 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi thanks to canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) & amp ; lt ; ! -- * font definitions * @ font-face { font-family : '' cambria math '' ; panose-1:2 4 5 3 5 4 6 3 2 4 ; mso-font-alt : '' calisto mt '' ; mso-font-charset:0 ; mso-generic-font-family : roman ; mso-font-pitch : variable ; mso-font-signature : -1610611985 1107304683 0 0 159 0 ; } @ font-face { font-family : calibri ; panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4 ; mso-font-alt : '' arial rounded mt bold '' ; mso-font-charset:0 ; mso-generic-font-family : swiss ; mso-font-pitch : variable ; mso-font-signature : -1610611985 1073750139 0 0 159 0 ; } * style definitions * p.msonormal , li.msonormal , div.msonormal { mso-style-unhide : no ; mso-style-qformat : yes ; mso-style-parent : '' '' ; margin:0in ; margin-bottom : .0001pt ; mso-pagination : widow-orphan ; font-size:12.0pt ; font-family : '' times new roman '' , '' serif '' ; mso-fareast-font-family : calibri ; mso-fareast-theme-font : minor-latin ; } .msochpdefault { mso-style-type : export-only ; mso-default-props : yes ; mso-ascii-font-family : calibri ; mso-ascii-theme-font : minor-latin ; mso-fareast-font-family : calibri ; mso-fareast-theme-font : minor-latin ; mso-hansi-font-family : calibri ; mso-hansi-theme-font : minor-latin ; mso-bidi-font-family : '' times new roman '' ; mso-bidi-theme-font : minor-bidi ; } @ page section1 { size:8.5in 11.0in ; margin:1.0in 1.0in 1.0in 1.0in ; mso-header-margin : .5in ; mso-footer-margin : .5in ; mso-paper-source:0 ; } div.section1 { page : section1 ; } -- & amp ; gt ; ambient light correction optimizes color output to match the specified lighting condition of the room you 're admiring your photos in . the chromalife100 system combines the benefits of genuine canon dye-based ink and photo paper with fine print head technology to produce long-lasting , beautiful prints with a wide color gamut for vivid coloration and high glossiness . the pixma pro9000 mark ii takes your photo printing to all-new professional levels . so , are you ready ? terrific resolution this level of quality is achieved by 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi thanks to canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) with a patented printhead firing ink droplets as small as 2pl . this delivers professional quality and detail to all of your photos . high performance individual ink system this 8-color dye-based system features photo cyan , photo magenta and red ink tanks for incredible colors bringing your images to life . chromalife100 for true printers of photos , this brilliant system combines fine technology with genuine canon papers and inks which promotes outstanding color vividness and long-lasting prints for up to 100 years when stored in an archival quality photo album . ambient light correction have professional quality in virtually any type of lit setting as this new technology optimizes color output to match the specified lighting condition of the room you  re admiring your photos in . beautiful & borderless whether you want stunning color prints or classic black & white  s , print what you feel as a professional without borders up to 13  x 19  . auto photo fix this built-in technology is perfect for your home photo lab as it automatically categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image correction . for instance , it will automatically brighten faces that are backlit and under-exposed , and correct color cast to help ensure more accurate skin tones to help you produce gorgeous images . 2 way paper feeding to add to your options , this feature lets you load photo papers in the back of the printer and thicker fine art papers in the front , so you  re always ready to print with the paper type you want . usb 2.0 hi-speed plug the cable into your computer for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . pictbridge : don  t feel like using a computer ? no problem thanks to a pictbridge connection you can also print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder or camera phone .
scotch freezer tape , 3 4 x 1000 inch ( 178 ) . 178 features : -holds firmly to paper , file or foil . -ideal for labeling . -holds at -40 f. -3 4 '' x 1100 '' . product type : -masking tapes . dimensions : tape length - end to end : -3.8 inches . overall product weight : -0.15 pounds .
hp photosmart premium c309a all-in-one - multifunction printer . original owner ; flawless . comes with new cartridges . bought new printer so no longer need this one .
my place cozy deluxe personal workstation w built in cushion . my place cozy deluxe personal workstation w built in cushion my place cozy deluxe personal workstation was designed to be the most versatile laptop table in the world ! not just intended for your computer , myplace cozys integrated soft pillow base and large work surface transforms your lap into a stable platform for reading , writing , puzzles , eating in bed , or how about dinner in front of the tv . the flexible led light sheds just the right amount of additional light youll need to brighten up your personal space . convenient , lightweight and totally versatile ... lets get cozy ! features : built in cushion conforms to your body and position creating a stable base great for work , reading , laptop computers , homework and eating integrated led light , flexible to any position super lightweight easy to carry handle large work surface- 16 '' l x 14 '' w x 3 '' h built in cup holder non slip surface pad pencil pen holder 3 aa batteries not included
vtech dect 6.0 expandable 2-handset cordless phone system with digital answering device and caller id ( cs6229-2 ) . the vtech cs6229-2 cordless phone system comes with two handsets , a digital answering system and caller id . dect 6.0 digital technology delivers superior sound quality , security and range , while ensuring wireless networks and other electronic devices do n't interfere with conversations.with 12 minutes of recording time , the digital answering system answers calls when you can'twithout requiring you to maintain tapes or moving parts . the handsets come with speakerphones that make hands-free conversations super convenient . plus , intercom , call-transfer and conference capabilities streamline in-home communication , cutting down on the need to shout to be heard throughout the house . the vtech cs6229-2 can expand up to six handsets using only one phone jack ( the vtech cs6209 ) , making it ideal for growing families . intercom , call-transfer , conference capabilities , and more . view larger . caller id feature stores up to 50 calls . view larger . two handset expandable cordless phone system with digital answering system and caller id perfect for busy families at home , the vtech cs6229-2 cordless phone system comes with two handsets , a digital answering system and caller id . dect 6.0 digital technology delivers superior sound quality , security and range , while ensuring wireless networks and other electronic devices do n't interfere with conversations . with 12 minutes of recording time , the digital answering system answers calls when you can'twithout requiring you to maintain tapes or moving parts . the handsets come with speakerphones that make hands-free conversations super convenient . plus , intercom , call-transfer and conference capabilities streamline in-home communication , cutting down on the need to shout to be heard throughout the house . the vtech cs6229-2 can expand up to six handsets using only one phone jack ( the vtech cs6209 ) , making it ideal for growing families .
vtech cs6229-3 dect 6.0 cordless phone , silver black , 3 handsets . the vtech cs6229-3 dect 6.0 cordless phone - silver black,3 handsets are expandable up to 12 handsets using only one phone jack , comes with caller id call waiting and handset speakerphone . intercom , call-transfer , conference capabilities , and more . view larger . caller id feature stores up to 50 calls . view larger . three handset expandable cordless phone system with digital answering system and caller id perfect for busy families at home , the vtech cs6229-3 cordless phone system comes with three handsets , a digital answering system and caller id . dect 6.0 digital technology delivers superior sound quality , security and range , while ensuring wireless networks and other electronic devices do n't interfere with conversations . with 12 minutes of recording time , the digital answering system answers calls when you can'twithout requiring you to maintain tapes or moving parts . the handsets come with speakerphones that make hands-free conversations super convenient . plus , intercom , call-transfer and conference capabilities streamline in-home communication , cutting down on the need to shout to be heard throughout the house . the vtech cs6229-3 can expand up to six handsets using only one phone jack ( the vtech cs6209 ) , making it ideal for growing families .
vtech cs6229-4 dect 6.0 cordless phone , black silver , 4 handsets . vtech dect 6.0 expandable four handset cordless phone system with digital answering device and caller id
at & t 3 handset cordless phone with answering system with caller id call waiting . using dect 6.0 technology , the at & t el52345 expandable cordless phone with answering system and caller id gives you private , interference-free sound from any room in your home.plus , the lighted display indicates how many new messages you have waiting . add up to two accessory handsets in minutes with just one phone jack.telephone features caller id features answering system features
at & t cl81209 dect 6.0 cordless phone , silver black , 2 handsets . the at & t cl81209 dect 6.0 cordless phone - silver black ( 2 handsets ) features at & t dect 6.0 digital dual handset cordless telephone , handset speakerphone , expandable up to 12 handsets through one phone jack,50 name number phonebook directory and large lighted display and keypad on handsets .
at & t cl82209 dect 6.0 cordless phone , black silver , 2 handsets . at & t dect 6.0 digital dual handset answering system
at & t cl82309 accessory cordless handset , white black requires an at & t cl81109 , cl81209 , cl81309 , cl82109 , cl82209 , cl82309 , cl82409 , cl82509 , cl82609 , cl82859 , cl84109 , or cl84209 expandable phone system to operate . at & t dect 6.0 digital accessory handset only ; compatible with cl81109 , cl81209 , cl81309 , cl82109 , cl82209 , cl82309 , cl82409 , cl82509 , cl82609 , cl82859 , cl84109 and cl84209 dect 6.0 digital three handset cordless answering system with caller id dect 6.0 technology and caller id call waiting capability . view larger . digital answering system with remote access . view larger . modern and fully featured , the at & t cl82309 comes with three handsets , handset speakerphones and a digital answering system . dect 6.0 digital technology delivers unsurpassed range , sound quality and security , while ensuring wireless networks and electronic devices do n't interfere with conversations . in fact , wyle labs , an independent laboratory , has confirmed that at & t dect products perform up to 45 % better in range competitions against similarly equipped phones from the leading competition . caller id call waiting features ensure you do n't miss those most important calls , while intercom , call-transfer and conference capabilities streamline in-home communication and eliminate disruptive shouting through the home . lighted keypads and large , lighted displays on the handsets make viewing and dialing easy . with up to 14 minutes of recording time , the digital answering system answers calls when you ca n't . retrieve your messages from the base , handset or remotely . the at & t cl82309 can expand up to 12 handsets using only one phone jack , making it ideal for growing families .
at & t cl80109 accessory cordless handset , white black requires an at & t cl81109 , cl81209 , cl81309 , cl82109 , cl82209 , cl82309 , cl82409 , cl82509 , cl82609 , cl82859 , cl84109 , or cl84209 expandable phone system to operate . at & t dect 6.0 digital accessory handset only
at & t tr1909 trimline corded phone with caller id , white . the corded trimline phone from at & t features caller id , 13-number memory , flash , redial and mute . plus , the tr1909w is user friendly with a light up keypad and a desk or wall mountable design .
at & t cl2909 corded phone with speakerphone and caller id call waiting , white . at & t cl2909 corded phone , white , 1 handset . make sure your telephone service provider provides caller id information while you are on a call . this is sometimes known as caller id on call waiting or type 2 caller id
acroprint timeqplus proximity time and attendance system time clock . complete time and attendance system that utilizes proximity badges . employees clock in and out with a quick wave of their badge , via keypad entry or on any networked pc . terminal can display in your choice of english , french or spanish . this complete solution includes : timeqplus network software for 50 employees ( expandable up to 250 ) , 15 proximity badges and one tq600p proximity terminal kit . this product carries a full one year manufacturer 's warranty and 30 days free support .
digital postal shipping postage bench scales 35 lbs . small postal scale is a great economical way to calculate the weight of packages that need to be shipped for your small business . with a 21 bit a d processor and an update speed of 7.5hz this is a great deal .
inp-103 book stand ( bookstand bookstands holder cookbook music ) . # high quality packaging for high quality servie -securely packaged with pe foam # item discontinued by manufacturer . # upgraded to newer model inp-103-o . # please check out our newly designed model inp-o series . ** please see seller '' s other book stands ( inp-103-o , jasmine book stand , jasmine plus book stand , actto book stand ) ** this is a best book stand product . any and all purchases made through other illicit distributors will not be guaranteed of the quality & service we provide .
private reserve ink cartridges . private reserve ink is available in vibrant colors , and in both bottles and cartridges . it 's a fast drying and non-clogging ink that provides excellent coverage and a smooth flow . neutral ph . private reserve cartridges come with 12 standard international cartridges in a package .
paper mate 56047pp clearpoint 0.7mm mechanical pencil starter set , assorted colors . with its distinctive design , translucent barrel , non-slip grip and jumbo twist up eraser , its a definite attention getter . convenient click-advance button on the side lets you easily advance lead without releasing the pencil . comfort grip for added control , and visible lead supply lets you know before you run out . twist-up eraser advances or retracts with ease , and leaves no messy residue . mechanical pencil features a centrally located click-advance button that lets you easily advance the lead without releasing your hold of the pencil . soft grip is designed for added comfort and ease . jumbo twist-up eraser is larger than standard erasers and advances easily . mechanical pencil is retractable to protect pockets and purses from damage . refillable .
lamy cartridges refill - black -5-pack t10bk . five cartridges per box .
printronic compatible ink cartridge replacement for kodak 10 black 10 color ( 2 black 2 color ) 4 pack . printronic compatible ink cartridge replacement for kodak 10 black 10 color ( 2 black 2 color ) 4 pack . supported printers : kodak easyshare 5100 , kodak easyshare 5300 , kodak easyshare 5500 , kodak esp 3 , kodak esp 5 , kodak esp 7 , kodak esp 9
american weigh scales bt2-201 digital pocket scale - black , 200 x 0.01g . the new bt2-series improves on the original bt-series touchscreen scale by adding a flip-open protective cover , which can also be removed to use as an expansion tray . the rubberized black and silver exterior also give the scale a much more elegant look .
24 '' just hang-it ! wall hanging rail set . 24 '' just hang-it ! wall hanging rail set is a set of 24 '' top & bottom rails for maps , charts , and posters .
48 '' just hang-it ! wall hanging rail set . 48 '' just hang-it ! wall hanging rail set is a set of 48 '' top & bottom rails for maps , charts , and posters .
tuscany brown bestar omega u-shaped workstation . the be-all , end-all of computer office desk sets ! the bestar omega u-shaped workstation provides all the workspace and storage anyone could ask for . including a bookshelf and lateral file , you can display what you want , and keep the clutter out of sight . features : durable 1 '' commercial grade work surfaces with melamine finish that resist scratches , stains and burns large keyboard shelf and all drawers feature ball-bearing slides fully reversible one catch-all drawer one file drawer on ball bearing slides with letter , legal filing system one lock secures both drawers hutch with closed storage and top shelf for books and binders
bestar corner workstation . < p > this melamine corner workstation is solid , well-made , and built to last and is a stylish addition to a spacious home office , executive office , or gaming room . its works surface provides plenty of space for all your electronics , and still has room to spare . it can support up to 200 lb , and is large enough to fit 3 monitors. < p > < p > this desk features a 45 degree corner unit outfitted with a large monitor stand ( 24.38  deep at the center ) and a keyboard tray . three open storage nooks under the monitor stand let you keep your office supplies close at hand so that your desk can remain neat and organized . the keyboard tray is wide enough ( 26.4  w x 14.7  d ) to fit a standard keyboard and mouse . clearance from the floor to the tray is 25  . the left wing of the desk has a pedestal with one closed , and one open storage area . both storage areas are 16.9  wide. < p > < p > committed to the highest standards in customer service , bestar has manufactured high-quality furniture in north america since 1948. < p >
siemens gigaset designer digital cordless phone with color display , bluetooth connectivity and answering system ( sl785 ) . siemens gigaset sl785 dect 6.0 cordless phone with ultra-modern metallic finish and award-winning design . the sl785 sets a new standard for home communications with bluetooth data synchronization , superior sound quality and unsurpassed clarity . it has an oversided color display , digital answering system with 45 minutes of time and a 500 vcard capacity address book .
canon ls-154tg handheld calculator - made from the recycled materials of canon copiers . environmentally friendly solar powered handheld calculator is easy-to-operate and features a slim compact design with large 12-digit lcd display . carry this calculator everywhere with the included full-rotating protective lid . power source ( s ) : battery solar display notation : numeric number of display digits : 12.unit of measure : each
fujitsu scansnap s1500 instant pdf sheet-fed scanner for pc . the scansnap s1500 provides windows users an effective way to greatly reduce paper clutter , storage space , and security risk associated with unmanaged paperwork at home or office . even better , documents scanned by scansnap take on a higher level of accessibility and usefulness once liberated into the digital realm.what 's in the box : fujitsu s1500 scansnap sheet-fed scanner with adf , 1-year manufacturer 's limited warranty , power cable , power adapter , usb cable , installation cds , user manuals and carrier sheet . the scansnap s1500 provides windows users an effective way to greatly reduce paper clutter , storage space , and security risk associated with unmanaged paperwork at home or office . even better , documents scanned by scansnap take on a higher level of accessibility and usefulness once liberated into the digital realm . find out how others are freeing up time , space and even money . the scansnap s1500 for pc scans up to 20 pages per minute in color , grayscale , or black & white at an uncompromising 300 dpi resolution . stack up to 50 pages into the automatic document feeder ( adf ) and press the `` scan '' button to scan both sides of each page in a single pass . the s1500 automatically recognizes the size of each document , detects and corrects for skew , and shows images in their proper orientation with blank pages removed . scansnap s1500 for pc is equipped with a multi-feed detection sensor that can be turned on to help you avoid losing images . what 's more , an interactive interface allows users to easily and quickly bypass intentional double-feeds such as a taped-receipt on an expense report or even a sticky note . simply load a stack of documents into the automatic document feeder and press the `` scan '' button . capable of holding up to 50 pages in the feeder , scansnap s1500 scans both sides simultaneously at a speed of up to 20 pages per minute . the included carrier sheet allows scansnap s1500 the flexibility to digitize large double-letter size documents ( a3 b4 ) , photographs , as well as magazine and newspaper clippings . carrier sheets can be scanned in succession or mixed in with paper documents . the scansnap s1500 provides users direct scanning to evernote and google docs , as well as salesforce crm and sharepoint online ( for windows ) . it also brings two additional cloud syncing functions : scan to sugarsync and scan to salesforce chatter . now you can seamlessly scan and save your scanned files to the cloud for fast and easy accessibility from just about anywhere . the scansnap s1500 features a powerful set of automated image processing functions including auto skew correction , auto orientation , and auto color detection . these intelligent features work behind the scenes to help ensure scanned content looks great without effort . need to make a quick alteration , enhance productivity by scanning paperwork with machine-print back into an editable version with the included abbyy finereader for scansnap software for pc and mac . the scansnap s1500 comes with the tools you need to get the most out of your scansnap . included in the package are several useful applications that work with mac and pc : scansnap organizer v4.1 ( pc ) -- keep all your scans neatly organized and easily accessible with scansnap organizer . view and edit scans , create filing cabinets , perform searches and more . cardminder v4.1 ( pc ) -- with cardminder 4.1 for windows adding and managing contact information is a breeze . simply place the card in the scanner and push the button . cardminder 4.1 captures the business card and places the information into editable fields . foriegn language card ? no problem . cardminder 4.1 recognizes 8 different languages and can export to outlook , excel and other contact managers . abbyy finereader for scansnap ( mac and pc ) -- this popular ocr ( optical character recognition ) software lets you scan documents with machine print directly to microsoft word , excel and powerpoint . adobe acrobat x standard -- with adobe acrobat x standard , users can move beyond merely `` seeing '' and `` printing '' pdf documents to searching and editing them however they like . adobe acrobat x standard supports password protection and digital id creation , ideal for safeguarding personal and confidential information on pdf files . scan to mobile -- with the free scansnap connect app , you can link scansnap to an ipad or iphone for viewing on the go . compatible operating systems windows 2000 professional , windows xp ( 32-bit only ) , windows vista ( 32-bit & 64-bit ) . note : windows 7 home premium ( 32 64-bit ) , windows 7 professional ( 32 64-bit ) , windows 7 enterprise ( 32 64-bit ) , windows 7 ultimate ( 32 64-bit ) compatiblity with scansnap manger and scansnap organizer is available via download . visit : http : www.fujitsu.com downloads comp fcpa scanners windows7_bulletin.pdf .
es robbins everlife 45-inch by 53-inch multitask series hard floor with lip vinyl chair mat , clear . engineered for high performance and a smooth effortless roll . clear mat designed to preserve and protect the beauty of laminate , wood , tile and other hard flooring . protects against wear and tear from chair casters . straight edge . thicker mat for heavier use . ideal for tile . mat type : chair mat ; application : hard floors ; material ( s ) : vinyl ; style : lip .
brother genuine high yield toner cartridge , tn650 , replacement black toner , page yield up to 8,000 pages . the use of brother genuine replacement high-yield toner cartridges like the tn-650 produces sharp , black and white pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother tn-650 replacement laser black toner cartridge is for use with 10 brother products . this professional cartridge is intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison without compromising the quality of the print . the brother genuine tn-650 replacement high-yield black toner cartridge can print approximately 8,000 pages ( 1 ) . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . this replacement cartridge is for use with the following brother printers and all-in ones ; dcp8080dn , dcp8085dn , hl5340d , hl5350dn , hl5370dw , hl5370dwt , mfc8480dn , mfc8680dn , mfc8690dw , mfc8890dw .
push-button business card file , plastic , black smoke , 4x5 3 4x2 3 4 . push-button business card file , plastic , black smoke , 4x5 3 4x2 3 4
franklin merriam webster spanish english dictionary ( dbe-1500 ) . now you can communicate effectively with clear , concise definitions and translations from merriam-webster . this portable dictionary is chock full of extras , our patented phonetic spell correction allows you to enter words as they sound and the device automatically provides alternatives for misspelled words , sat and toefl word lists , word usage examples , seven games and crossword solver . build your grammar knowledge with our grammar guides so you can speak and write with confidence .
franklin merriam webster advanced dictionary and thesaurus with spell correction ( mwd-1500 ) . this handheld learning tool from franklin is ideal for junior high school and university students who want to write more effectively . with this all-in-one device , they have instant access to merriam-webster 's dictionary and grammar guide with quizzes . also includes merriam-webster 's guide to punctuation & style , biographical and geographical entries from merriam-webster 's collegiate dictionary , and a complete thesaurus containing 500,000 synonyms and antonyms . students can also challenge their minds with puzzles , word games , and other mentally stimulating activities . high school and college students now have a reliable device to help boost their writing skills . this handheld learning tool from franklin is a comprehensive all-in-one learning source that comes with the merriam-webster dictionary , biographical and geographical entries from merriam-webster 's collegiate dictionary , merriam-webster 's guide to punctuation and style , and a complete thesaurus containing 500,000 synonyms and antonyms . what 's more , it makes learning fun-expanding your knowledge with a grammar guide , a translator , word games , and other mentally stimulating activities . simply select the book you wish to search from the easy to navigate `` books '' screen definitions include parts of speech , pronunciations and usage examples to help students write and speak effectively 7 books in 1 ! we 've included 7 powerful reference tools including : merriam-webster 's dictionary with over 400,000 definitions , merriam-webster 's guide to punctuation and style , franklin 's thesaurus with over 500,000 synonyms and antonyms , a comprehensive grammar guide , biographical and geographical dictionary extracts from merriam-webster 's collegiate dictionary eleventh edition , and even a 5-language translator . with over 500,000 entries , you 'll always find the right word from the included thesaurus the included merriam-webster 's guide to punctuation and style features 10 separate sections covering everything from punctuation to guides on word usage and frequently confused words more than just a dictionary ! along with the 7 reference books are a full set of useful resources to assist the student including ; a user defined vocabulary list , a complete grammar guide , and an sat word list study guide . the `` exercises '' menu allows you to access 4 more useful features for students simply adding words to your vocabulary list allows easy access to their definitions , as well as placing them in your user-created spelling bee study and learn we 've also included 4 exercises to assist the student , including a customized spelling bee using your own word list , an sat word list spelling bee , user created flashcards , as well as sat flashcards . the `` games '' menu features 5 challenging word games derived from any of the included reference sources the included 210,000 translation 5-language translator displays all 5 languages at the same time . fun and games along with all of the reference material , we 've added 9 fun games including anagrams , hangman , jumble , word builder , word train , 1 or 2 player link four , and 1 or 2 player tic-tac-toe . franklin 's patented phonetic spell correction is always there to assist the user . because words are not always spelled the way they sound , franklin 's unique spell correction analyzes your entries and returns the word that sounds closest to your entry . entering `` juraff '' returns `` giraffe '' as the first probable solution with the new merriam webster 's advanced english dictionary from franklin , you 'll always have everything you need , right at your fingertips . what  s in the box 2 cr2032 batteries
whirlpool 1903wh laundry supply storage cart . this rolling laundry supply cart stores easily between your washer and dryer . it contains three shelves for ample storage of detergents , softeners , stain-theaters and other items you would like on hand while doing your laundry . hardware is included with this item and it measures 8-1 4-inch x 25-inch x 30-3 4-inch . this rolling laundry supply cart stores easily between your washer and dryer . it contains three shelves for ample storage of detergents , softeners , stain-treaters , and other items you would like on hand while doing your laundry . hardware is included with this item and it measures 8-1 4-inch x 25-inch x 30-3 4-inch
derwent pencil sharpener , battery operated , for 4 pencil diameters ( 2301934 ) . derwent battery operated sharpener view larger sharpen five different pencil diameters the derwent standard battery-operated sharpener is the unit youll turn to again and again to quickly sharpen five different pencil diameters , including extra wide jumbo pencils . talk about convenience - just turn the dial on the bottom of the sharpener to alter the pencil point and apply minor pressure to sharpen . since 1832 , derwent has been inspiring amateur and professional artists with an exceptional range of innovative fine art materials . derwent khaki canvas pocket wrapstores up to 12 pencils and accessories . derwent drawing boardthe perfect setting for drawing and watercolor work . derwent pencil extender set , silver and black , for pencils up to 8 mm , 2 packextend the life of your favorite pencils . derwent pencil sharpenerthe helical sharpener ensures the best point for your pencils . battery erasererasers are not just for removing errors . use them to create unusual effects and techniques . derwent sketching pencil collectionfor free flowing quick sketches , with a softer core than derwent graphics pencils .
brother hl-5370dw laser printer . the hl-5370dw is a monochrome laser printer for offices or small workgroups . it offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp , high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution . the hl-5370dw features built-in wireless and ethernet network interfaces for sharing on your network and automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents . it also offers flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead . optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets . for lower running costs , a high-yield 8,000-page toner cartridge is available .
brother hl-5340d high speed laser printer with duplex . the hl-5340d is a desktop monochrome laser printer for office homes or small offices . it offers a fast print speed of up to 32ppm and produces crisp , high-quality output at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution . the hl-5340d features automatic duplex printing for two-sided documents and flexible paper handling via its 250-sheet capacity paper tray and 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for printing custom paper sizes and letterhead . optional trays boost total input capacity to 800 sheets . for lower running costs , a high-yield 8,000-page toner cartridge is available .
fujitsu scansnap s1500m instant pdf sheet-fed scanner for the macintosh . included items 1 usb cable ( 2.0 ) ,1 scansnap carriersheet,1 safety precautions,1 ac adapter,1 adobe pro 9,1 set-up dvd-rom ,1 ac cable and 1 getting started.system & software requirements : mac os x 10.4 , mac os x 10.5 . the scansnap s1500m provides mac users an effective way to greatly reduce paper clutter , storage space , and security risk associated with unmanaged paperwork at home or office . even better , documents canned by scansnap take on a higher level of accessibility and usefulness once liberated into the digital realm . find out how others are freeing up time , space and even money . the scansnap s1500m for mac scans up to 20 pages per minute in color , grayscale , or black & white at an uncompromising 300 dpi resolution . stack up to 50 pages into the automatic document feeder ( adf ) and press the `` scan '' button to scan both sides of each page in a single pass . the s1500m automatically recognizes the size of each document , detects and corrects for skew , and shows images in their proper orientation with blank pages removed . scansnap s1500m for mac is equipped with a multi-feed detection sensor that can be turned on to help you avoid losing images . what 's more , an interactive interface allows users to easily and quickly bypass intentional double-feeds such as a taped-receipt on an expense report or even a sticky note . simply load a stack of documents into the automatic document feeder and press the `` scan '' button . capable of holding up to 50 pages in the feeder , scansnap s1500m scans both sides simultaneously at a speed of up to 20 pages per minute . the included carrier sheet allows scansnap s1500m the flexibility to digitize large double-letter size documents ( a3 b4 ) , photographs , as well as magazine and newspaper clippings . carrier sheets can be scanned in succession or mixed in with paper documents . the scansnap s1500m provides users direct scanning to evernote and google docs , as well as salesforce crm and sharepoint online ( for windows ) . it also brings two additional cloud syncing functions : scan to sugarsync and scan to salesforce chatter . now you can seamlessly scan and save your scanned files to the cloud for fast and easy accessibility from just about anywhere . the scansnap s1500m features a powerful set of automated image processing functions including auto skew correction , auto orientation , and auto color detection . these intelligent features work behind the scenes to help ensure scanned content looks great without effort . need to make a quick alteration , enhance productivity by scanning paperwork with machine-print back into an editable version with the included abbyy finereader for scansnap software for pc and mac . the scansnap s1500m comes with the tools you need to get the most out of your scansnap . included in the package are several useful applications that work with mac and pc : cardiris v3.6 ( mac ) -- with cardiris business card ocr software for mac adding and managing contact information is a breeze . scanned business card info can be edited and then exported to address book , entourage , appleworks , vcard and other contact management systems . abbyy finereader for scansnap ( mac and pc ) -- this popular ocr ( optical character recognition ) software lets you scan documents with machine print directly to microsoft word , excel and powerpoint . adobe acrobat 9 professional -- create and reliably share pdf documents . combine files from multiple applications in a single pdf file . easily create fillable pdf forms to collect data electronically . and apply basic document security features . scan to mobile -- with the free scansnap connect app , you can link scansnap to an ipad or iphone for viewing on the go .
brother mfc-8890dw high-performance all-in-one laser printer . the mfc-8890dw is the ultimate laser all-in-one solution for your business . it offers advanced duplex capability for two-sided printing plus automatic two-sided scanning using the auto document feeder for copying , scanning and faxing . it has an 802.11b g wireless interface to print , scan and pc fax wirelessly without the clutter of cables . an optional high yield toner cartridge is available to help lower your operating costs . it also has a usb direct interface to print pdf or jpeg files from or scan pdf or jpeg files to your usb flash memory drive .
ofc express monitor stand 20.5 x 11 x 4.25 , black .
americopy 3000 blank labels name and address label , 2-5 8 '' x 1 . 30 up address labels
fujitsu scansnap s1500 deluxe bundle sheet-fed scanner . the scansnap s1500 provides windows users an effective way to greatly reduce paper clutter , storage space , and security risk associated with unmanaged paperwork at home or office . even better , documents scanned by scansnap take on a higher level of accessibility and usefulness once liberated into the digital realm . additionally , the scansnap s1500 deluxe bundle includes rack2-filer v5.0 , an ultra-intuitive scanning and file management application for home or small office . through the use of graphical cabinets and e-binders , users will experience a familiar yet heightened level of accessibility and convenience to their digital content . amazon.com product description with the fujitsu scansnap s1500 , organizing your home or office is as easy as pushing a button . with a scanning speed of up to 20 pages per minute , the s1500 can quickly reduce paper clutter without sacrificing document quality . the smart scanner detects document size and coloration to ensure that your digitized copies are true to the originals . an added bonus , the scanner 's included software bundle allows you to export , manipulate , and file your documents with ease . turn a stack of files into secure digital documents . intelligent detection means efficient , high-quality scans the scansnap s1500 offers resolutions of up to 300 dpi -- color or grayscale -- without sacrificing speed . with the touch of a single button , you can scan up to 20 double-sided pages per minute . you wo n't need to do a thing to ensure that your scans look their best , because the s1500 comes equipped with paper-feed detection to monitor page size , as well as color and black-and-white detection . better still , the scanner automatically rotates , crops , or de-skews documents . if a small document ( such as a receipt or business card ) is mixed in with a stack of larger documents , the scansnap s1500 can be set to automatically increase the resolution of the small document to help ensure that finer print is discernable . what 's more , an interactive interface allows you to choose to easily and quickly bypass double-feeds such as taped-receipts on expense reports . four software packages included for document organization and protection when it comes time to manage your digital files , use one of the four software packages included with the s1500 . view , manage , and edit pdf and jpeg files using scansnap organizer 4.0. or , to do more than just view and print pdf versions of your documents , try adobe acrobat 9 standard . this package allows you to create digital ids and implement password protection to keep confidential documents safe . to convert your paperwork into editable text , try abbyy finereader for scansnap 4.0 pc edition . alternatively , use cardminder 4.0 to quickly scan business cards , extract the contact information , and place it into editable fields that can be exported to excel , outlook , and other contact managers . what 's in the box fujitsu scansnap s1500 scanner , a c power cord , and software bundles ( adobe acrobat 9 standard , scansnap organizer 4.0 , abbyy finereader for scansnap 4.0 pc edition , rack2-filer v5.0 software and cardminder 4.0 ) . the scanner automatically detects document size and coloration .
lexmark x464de multifuntion printer ( 13c1101 ) . meeting the document management needs of mid-size workgroups is easier than ever with the x464de from lexmark . the impressive performance capabilities of this multifunction laser with high-speed fax mean it is ready to go to work in even the most demanding environments . from blazing fast print speeds to the large , customizable touch screen , the x464de will make your office both more productive and efficient . in addition , built-in two sided printing , copying and scanning as well as available extra-high yield toner cartridges enable your office or workgroup to print responsibly throughout the workday . finally , the x464de includes cutting-edge security features to help protect valuable data and meet the higher security demands of the shared-use environments that the device is built for .
reels on wheel - snr fishing cart select options : add liner . this cart is a fisherman 's dream - perfect for the pier or bridge the reels on wheels fishing cart sr was designed and manufactured by fisherman who wanted to create the perfect caddy for all of their fishing gear . with its durable frame construction and its optimum axle placement for perfect load balancing , this premium fishing cart was built to last and is the last one youll ever need . its rust-proof , tubular frame is built with lightweight , high-strength aluminum that can handle anything mother nature can throw it . weighing only 24 pounds , this caddy will easily handle up to 200 pounds of cargo and with its 15 pneumatic wheels ( rims are made of durable hard plastic ) you can roll through both smooth and rough terrain with ease . this fishing caddy features 8 aluminum rod holders with vinyl tube covers to keep your rods upright and tangle free . it also features a handy cutting board , a bait basket with cup holder , and even a measurement decal for fish up to 24 inches . the tee bar handle is removable and height adjustable so you can customize it to your needs . it will allow you to transport and store everything you need for a great day of fishing . you can easily carry an 80 quart cooler , multiple tackle boxes and bait containers , reels , lures , lawn chairs and an umbrella with no problem .
casio fx-9860gii graphing calculator , black . casio fx-9860gii `` designed and enginneered , for teachers by teachers , to meet the demands of today 's student 's and educators '' the fully loaded fx-9860gii has an oversized , high resolution display , making every aspect of your graphs and data , crisp and clear . the backlight feature can also quickly be turned on to increase visibility in a variety of study enviroments . all of these features come together to offer unparalled natural display functionality that allows you to work with , even the most complex problems , in the same format that your textbook uses . the fx-9860gii comes with a usb cable and a unit-to-unit cable for quick sharing of programs and data . the fx-9860gii is designed to support all users in the following courses : the casio fx-9860gii graphing calculator is permitted for use on the psat nmsqt , sat and act college entrance exams and ap tests . the fx-9860gii comes pre-loaded with 15 powerful icon menus that gives you all the functionality you need , in an intuitive , easy to use interface . the fx-9860gii features a sharp , crisp high-resolution lcd display assuring larger and even sharper images of graphs , formulas , and graphics . the fx-9860gii accelerated processing speed is approximately three to five times faster than conventional models . even the most complex calculations and graphics are quickly produced with fewer keystrokes and less steps . the fx-9860gii comes with a usb cable , unit-to-unit cable and program-link software for high-speed data communication between a pc and the unit , or unit-to-unit data communication so program exchange can be performed immediately when you turn the unit on . the fx-9860gii 's intuitivly designed software facilitates a better understanding of important mathematical concepts . it encourages engagment and deeper investigation of the mathematics than memorization of keys to simply `` check '' an answer . some of the functionality you will find in the fx-9860gii includes :
casio fx-9860gii sd power graphic calculator . casio fx-9860giisd advanced graphic calc
hauser 777 rollerball refills - 6 pack - black . write cleanly ; less pressure , less stress on the hand . rollerball refills black ink refills 6 refills per pack
fellowes powershred w11c , 11-sheet cross-cut paper and credit card shredder with safety lock . the fellowes powershred w11c cross-cut shredder can shred up to 11 sheets of paper per pass into 431 ( 5 32 x1-3 8 '' security level p-4 ) cross-cut particles . this machine also safely shreds credit cards , and staples.to protect more than your identity , the patented safetylock feature disables the shredder when moved to the lock position for added safety protection . with the ability to shred for up to 5 minutes before a cool down period is needed , the w11c is ideal for personal deskside use and includes a 4.75-gallon pull-out bin . backed by a worry-free 1-year product and service warranty plus a 3-year cutter warranty . 17.75h x 13.75w x 9.25d
hp cm721a # b1h 2140 professional quality plain-paper fax and copier . the hp 2140 professional quality plain-paper fax and copier is simple to use with efficient one-touch button for quick access to reports , system set up and tools . be more productive with automatic redial , 50-sheet paper tray , 100 speed dials , 20 one-touch dials and management reporting . save desktop space with a small footprint and compact . reduction enlargement - 50 to 150 % scan resolution - up to 200x200 dpi grayscale levels - 64 standard paper handling - 50-sheet input tray , 15-sheet automatic document feeder custom media sizes - 8.5x11 to 8.5x14 fax features - auto-redialing , fax broadcasting ( up to 20 locations ) , auto fax reduction , fax delayed sending , fax forwarding , fax phone tam interface , fax polling , distinctive ring detection , fax telephone mode , remote retrieval , telephone handset , junk barrier , silent mode , answer mode , redial , loud speaker , volume control and telephone handset . what 's in the box : hp 2140 fax , hp701 black inkjet introductory cartridge ( 3 ml ) , setup poster , user 's guide , power cord and phone cord .
quartet magnetic whiteboard , porcelain , white board , dry erase board , 4 ' x 6 ' , aluminum frame ( ppa406 ) . quartet duramax porcelain whiteboard has an easy-to-erase surface that helps keep the board clean and legible . write , erase and rewrite on a clean surface , every time . the porcelain surface will not stain or ghost . this board is meant to withstand heavy use and comes with a 50 year surface guarantee . easily hang visual aids on the magnetic surface and jot down ideas on the boards open space . give your classroom , office or home a contemporary update . add organization to your classroom , office or home with timeless style . the sturdy aluminum frame will match any dcor , making it a perfect addition to your space . proudly assembled in us with foreign and domestic parts . we are dedicated to providing quality , long-lasting products to our customers . quickly set up the board in your classroom or office . the board comes with mounting hardware , so you can hang it and use it right away . measures 4 ' x 6 ' . comes with full length accessory tray and mounting hardware . for best results use quartet accessories , sold separately .
grandstream gs-gxv3140 ip multimedia phone with 4.3-inch color lcd display . gxv3140v2 represents the next generation in personal ip multimedia communication . extraordinary video quality , advanced telephony features and rich applications embodied in a sleek industrial design , distinguishes this product in a unique class of its own . the gxv3140v2 sports a crystal clear 4.3 '' digital color lcd , a tiltable mega pixel advance cmos camera with razor sharp clarity and privacy shutter , dual network ports with integrated poe , rich auxiliary interfaces ( such as sd , usb , stereo headset , audio video output , etc . ) , advanced video compression standard h.264 h.263 h.263+ , and a full-duplex speakerphone . by splendidly blending state-of-art real time video conference capability with a number of popular web and social networking applications ( such as skype , web browsing , im with yahoo msn google , internet radio , yahoo flicker web photo album , rss news weather stock feeds , music streaming , games , etc . ) , the gxv3140v2 creates a powerful platform for enabling converged ip multimedia applications that bring unprecedented stunning user experience .
stabilo s move left handed easy ergo pencil . an ideal pencil for the young writer . this ergonomic pencil has been designed with a moulded grip specifically for left handed writers .
bazic 1 '' glitter poly 3-ring binder w pocket for school , home , or office ( case of 48 ) ( 3128-48 ) . back to bazic our goal is to provide each customer with long-lasting supplies at an affordable cost . since 1998 , we  ve delivered on this promise and will only continue to improve every year . we  ve built our brand on integrity and quality , so customers know exactly what to expect . committed to values we are a value-driven company , guided by the principles of excellence through strong product design at low cost . our commitment to these values is reflected in our dedication to improving current products and developing new exciting products for our consumers . ideal supplies our currency is ideas . we thrive on imagination , passion and leadership . we have great products and will to continue to rise with our customer expectations . success based on satisfaction each and every product we send out , we expect our 100 % customer satisfaction . while our supplies are sourced from all across the world , our success stems from individual consumer fulfillment . we create products that people want to recommend to others .
epson artisan 50 color inkjet printer ( c11ca45201 ) . bring your imagination to life with the artisan 50 from epson . this compact and stylish printer ignites all your creative inspirations . print ultra hi-definition photos with amazing richness , depth and clarity . print your own images and text onto cds and dvds . create colorful greeting cards with ease . print documents , e-mails and itineraries quickly and easily . get maximum print speeds up to 38 ppm color and laser quality speeds of 5 ppm color . an affordable , high performance ink jet , the artisan 50 is ideal for all your photos and everyday projects . bring your imagination to life with the artisan 50 from epson . this compact and stylish printer ignites all your creative inspirations . print ultra hi-definition photos with amazing richness , depth and clarity . with auto photo correction , your prints are perfect every time . the artisan 50 even makes it easy to print your own images and text onto cds and dvds . and , it  s great for everyday projects . quickly and easily print documents , emails , itineraries and more . get maximum print speeds of 38 ppm color and laser quality speeds of 5 ppm color . an affordable , high performance ink jet , the artisan 50 is ideal for all your photos and daily printing needs . quality beyond compare the artisan 50 delivers vibrant color photos and crisp , clear text . working in tandem with claria hidefinition ink , the  smart nozzles  in epson  s exclusive micropiezo print head deliver up to five droplet sizes , some as small as 1.5 picoliters , to produce exceptionally smooth gradations , amazingly accurate skin tones and sharp , grainfree photos . now there  s no need to use messy labels or markers in order to personalize cds and dvds . with this innovative feature from epson , you can make professional looking discs that are easy to identify by printing your images and text right onto ink jet printable cds dvds . ( software included ) perfect photos , every time now you don  t have to discard poorly exposed photos . thanks to smart photo enhancement features from epson , you can make your pictures look the way you intended them to look . builtin auto photo correction automatically evaluates and corrects digital images  better than the competition . it even includes advanced face detection , which distinguishes people from scenery , correcting the color accordingly to ensure beautiful , natural skin tones . with the artisan 50 , you can also remove red eye . it  s like having your own photo lab right at home . versatile paper handling it  s never been easier to get what you want , when you want it . with the artisan 50  s adjustable paper tray , you can print a variety of things , from 4x6 photos to legalsize documents . and , it  s just as easy to print on both sides of the paper . with manual , twosided printing1 , you  ll save money and paper . 1 worryfree handling of photos with the artisan 50 , you get professional quality photos that are smudge , scratch , water and fade resistant , so you can handle them right after printing . place them in an album or share them with family and friends , worryfree . prints that outlast photo lab prints sixcolor claria hidefinition ink , together with epson premium photo papers , offers the ultimate combination of photo quality and longevity . prints made with claria ink last up to four times longer than those from a traditional photo lab2 . photos last up to 98 years on display under glass and over 200 years in an album . photos from the leading competitor last only 65 years on display under glass . with epson , you can feel confident in sharing your prints for generations to come . fast print speeds this speedy printer keeps up with your busy life . print brilliant 4x6 photos in as fast as 11 seconds . the artisan 50 is just as impressive when it comes to everyday documents like e-mails , driving directions , term papers and more , delivering maximum print speeds up to 38 pages per minute color 37 pages per minute black . sleek , compact design enjoy the best of both worlds : compact design and powerful performance . with artisan , you get quality and speed , without sacrificing space or a stylish design . sleek and chic , artisan fits your lifestyle and your dcor . individual ink cartridges  replace only the color you need six individual ink cartridges give you control over ink usage . replace only the cartridge you need ! claria ink is also available in high-capacity cartridges to accommodate higher volume print needs , giving you about 60 % more prints than with the standard cartridge . product protection you can count on the artisan 50 comes with a 1year limited warranty , which includes a quick product exchange benefit . so , you can rest easy , knowing you have dependable service and support . print speed is critically important when buying a printer or all-in-one . but how do you compare print speeds when different manufacturers measure in different ways ? now you can . much like the `` mpg '' ratings on new cars , there 's now a new industry standard for measuring print speed , which allows for an `` apples-to-apples '' comparison between different printer models and brands . the international organization for standardization ( widely known as iso ) developed this industry approved and internationally accepted standard , specifically for ink jet printers and all-in-ones . it measures `` out of the box '' ( default ) print speeds using `` real world '' printing scenarios , so you can be sure you 're getting a product that performs at the speed you need . features benefits recommended supplies epson ink supplies 77 claria black ink cartridge ( t077120 ) 77 claria cyan ink cartridge ( t077220 ) 77 claria magenta ink cartridge ( t077320 ) 77 claria yellow ink cartridge ( t077420 ) 77 claria light cyan ink cartridge ( t077520 ) 77 claria light magenta ink cartridge ( t077620 ) 77 claria multipack color ink cartridges ( t077920 ) *77 highcapacity 78 claria black ink cartridge ( t078120 ) 78 claria cyan ink cartridge ( t078220 ) 78 claria magenta ink cartridge ( t078320 ) 78 claria yellow ink cartridge ( t078420 ) 78 claria light cyan ink cartridge ( t078520 ) 78 claria light magenta ink cartridge ( t078620 ) 78 claria multipack ( 5 colors ) ( t078920 ) *78 standardcapacity what  s in the box artisan 50 color ink jet printer , instruction manuals , cd-rom with drivers , epson print cd software , photo software , cd dvd print tray , power cord , 6 claria hidefinition standardcapacity ink cartridges : one 78 black ink cartridge , five 78 color ink cartridges : cyan , magenta , yellow , light cyan , light magenta did you know ? all epson ink jets offer ecofriendly features for safety and efficiency , and , they include packaging that contains no harmful substances , so it  s safe for you and the environment the artisan 50
usb flash drive for iphone ipad 32gb-lightning memory stick thumb pen-drive for apple ios android computers ( best08 ) . if there is a huge number of company confidential documents stored in your usb , and you can not keep watching it . have you ever thought about using a usb that can be encrypted ? what about buying our flash drive ? the encryption is bound to protect your data safe on flash drive with pass code or fingerprints. ! you would no longer have to worry about spilling the beans.when you use your phone to record in class , and you do n't have enough memory to record , have you ever thought about buying an usb ? what about buying our flash drive ? just plug it on your lighting port and you can easily transfer files , videos photos directly between your phone and the external memory stick ! you never need to worry about running out of memory . do you spend a lot of time on transferring mass of data from your computer ? do you think the transfer speed of common memory stick is very slow ? you`d better try ours which is 80 mb s reading and 40 mb s writing speed. ! it will save your time and greatly improve your work efficiency . format supported : music : m4a , aiff , caf , mp3 , wavimage : gif , jpg , png , jpegvideo : avi , flv , m4v , mkv , mov , mp4 , rmvbdocument : doc , ppt , xls , xlsx , pdf , html , txt attention : iphone and ios devicesyou need to download i-usb-storer ( a free app ) from the app store.android phones or devices : if your phone can not work , you need to set the application in your phone setting , find the other settings , open the otg connection , then it can work.we guarantee you 100 % satisfaction , support 30-day return policy and provide friendly and fast customer service .
hp deskjet f4480 inkjet all-in-one printer ( cb745a # b1h ) . upgrade , but keep it simple with the efficient hp deskjet f4480 inkjet all-in-one printer , scanner , copier for your home . made from 50 percent recycled plastic , the energy star-qualified f4480 makes it easy to go green and helps you save energy , paper , and money by enabling you to printing multiple pages onto onto each side of the paper using the paper-saving printing option . it can print up to 22 color pages per minute ( ppm ) , offers up to a 1200 x 2400 dpi scanning resolution for page sizes up to 8.5 x 11.7 inches , and can make up to 9 copies from 25 to 200 percent copy resize . you 'll also be able to print great-looking borderless photos . amazon.com product description upgrade , but keep it simple with the efficient hp deskjet f4480 inkjet all-in-one printer , scanner , copier for your home . made from 50 percent recycled plastic , the energy star-qualified f4480 makes it easy to go green and helps you save energy , paper , and money by enabling you to printing multiple pages onto onto each side of the paper using the paper-saving printing option . it can print up to 22 color pages per minute ( ppm ) , offers up to a 1200 x 2400 dpi scanning resolution for page sizes up to 8.5 x 11.7 inches , and can make up to 9 copies from 25 to 200 percent copy resize . you 'll also be able to print great-looking borderless photos . keep it simple with this efficient all-in-one printer , scanner , copier for your home . made from 50 percent recycled plastic , the f4480 makes it easy to save energy , paper , and money , and makes web-page printing a piece of cake .caption { font-family : verdana , helvetica neue , arial , serif ; font-size : 10px ; font-weight : bold ; font-style : italic ; } ul.indent { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : 20px ; } table.callout { font-family : verdana , helvetica , arial , serif ; margin : 10px ; width : 250 ; } td.callout { height : 100 percent ; background : # 9dc4d8 url ( https : images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com images g 01 electronics detail-page callout-bg.png ) repeat-x ; border-left : 1px solid # 999999 ; border-right : 1px solid # 999999 ; padding : 10px ; width : 250px ; } ul.callout { list-style : inside disc ; text-indent : -12px ; font-size : 12px ; line-height : 1.5em ; } h5.callout { text-align : center ; } spec highlights black print : up to 28 ppm color print : up to 22 ppm scan resolution : up to 1200 x 2400 dpi paper handling : 80-sheet input tray , 15-sheet tray borderless print : up to 8.5 x 11 inches copy : 25 to 200 % copy resize , up to 9 copies max scan : 8.5 x 11.7 inches ink cartridge : hp 60 simple to set upeven easier to use with a very simple setup you 'll be printing , scanning and copying in no time . easily make prints , scans and copies with clear , straightforward buttons . have new ink ready when you need it thanks to automatic low-ink alerts . print great-looking photos right at home with borderless printing . resourceful all-in-one knows how to save save money and energy with this efficient energy star qualified all-in-one . use paper more efficiently by printing multiple pages onto each side of the paper using the paper-saving printing option . take a step to a greener way of life using this hp all-in-one made from recycled plastic material . enjoy free , easy and responsible ink cartridge recycling via hp planet partners ( visit hp.com recycle ) . print from the web easily and efficiently save ink and paper by combining content from multiple web pages onto one page with hp smart web printing . conserve print supplies by clipping content from multiple websites and printing on a single page . stay organized by adding personal notes to web pages before printing . add personal notes to web pages before printing ecohighlights less waste -- this hp product created from 50 percent recycled plastic . packaging is 100 percent recyclable . original hp 60 cartridge bodies contain at least 50 percent recycled plastic . specifications print resolution : black ( best quality ) : up to 600 dpi ; color ( best quality ) : up to 4800 x 1200 optimized dpi from 1200 dpi input data ( when printing from a computer on photo paper ) print speed : black : up to 28 ppm ; color : up to 22 ppm print features : borderless printing : yes ( up to 8.5 x 11 in ) ; duplex print options : manual ( driver support provided ) scan input modes : front-panel scan , copy scan resolution : hardware : up to 1200 x 2400 dpi ; optical : up to 1200 dpi scan speed : preview : up to 27 sec ; ocr ( letter ) : < 41 sec scan size : 8.5 x 11.7 inches , maximum copy resolution : black ( text and graphics ) : up to 600 optimized dpi from 300 dpi input ; color ( text and graphics ) : up to 1200 optimized dpi from 600 dpi input copy speed : black : up to 28 cpm ; color : up to 22 cpm copier settings : stand-alone black and color copying for plain paper or photo paper copier resize : 25 to 200 percent number of copies : up to 9 supported media : paper ( plain , inkjet , photo ) , envelopes , transparencies , labels , cards , hp premium media , iron-on transfers , borderless media supported sizes : letter , legal , 4 x 6 in , 5 x 7 in , 8 x 10 in , no . 10 envelopes paper handling : 80-sheet input tray , 15-sheet output tray pc compatibility : windows vista ( 32 and 64-bit ) , windows xp ( sp1 or higher [ 32-bit ] ) , mac os x v 10.4 , mac os x v 10.5 , windows 2000 and windows xp professional x64 are supported with a basic print and scan solution only dimensions : 17 x 11.5 x 6.4 inches connectivity : usb 2.0 what 's in the box hp deskjet f4480 all-in-one , hp 60 black ink cartridge ( ~ 200 pages ) , hp 60 tri-color ink cartridge ( ~ 150 pages ) , software cd , setup poster , reference guide , power supply , power cord
dymo label writer 450 twin turbo label printer , 71 labels per minute , black silver ( 1752266 ) . the most efficient solution for your professional labeling , filing and mailing needs , the labelwriter 450 saves you time and money at the office . connect a labelwriter 450 to your pc or mac and youre ready to print labels directly from microsoft word or outlook , quickbooks , cardscan , mac address book and other popular programs . print impressive address , file folder labels , name badges and more without the extra work and hassle of printing sheet labels on a standard desktop printer . thermal printing technology eliminates the cost of ink or toner and the printers compact design makes it an easy and attractive addition to any modern workspace . compatible with windows 7 or later and mac os x v10.8 or later .
dymo labelwriter 450 turbo thermal label printer ( 1752265 ) . the most efficient solution for your professional labeling , filing and mailing needs , the label writer 450 saves you time and money at the office . connect a label writer 450 to your pc or mac and youre ready to print labels directly from microsoft word or outlook , quickbooks , cardscan , mac address book and other popular programs . print impressive address , file folder labels , name badges and more without the extra work and hassle of printing sheet labels on a standard desktop printer . thermal printing technology eliminates the cost of ink or toner and the printers compact design makes it an easy and attractive addition to any modern workspace . compatible with windows 7 or later and mac os x v10.8 or later .
herman miller leather armpads for classic aeron chair ( 2 pack ) . upgrade your herman miller classic aeron chair in style and comfort . hand double-stitched at the herman miller factory . leather armpads add a touch of sophistication to your classic aeron chair . classic aeron leather armpads are compatible with stationary or adjustable arms on classic aeron chairs and classic aeron stools . black leather replacement armpads complement the graphite base and frame or polished aluminum base and graphite frame options of classic aeron chairs . sold in pairs . care instructions normal cleaning : vacuum or dust frequently with a clean , dry cloth . if leather is soiled , it can be wiped with a soft , damp cloth and a lather of any mild soap and a minimum amount of lukewarm water . wipe clean with a damp cloth and dry with a clean , soft cloth.do not spot clean leather ; clean the entire surface . spots and spills : wipe excess liquid immediately with a clean cloth or sponge ; let the leather air dry . if further cleaning is necessary , sponge the entire surface of the chair arm with clean , lukewarm water . let the leather air dry ; never use a hair dryer or other heat source to dry leather . stubborn spots and stains : apply a mild , nonabrasive soap solution with a clean , wet sponge . rinse well and let air dry . butter , oil , or grease : wipe the leather with a clean , dry cloth and let the remainder of the oil dissipate into the leather . do not apply water or try to wash a grease spot . do not use saddle soap , cleaning solvents , oils , furniture polishes , varnishes , abrasive cleaners , detergents , or ammonia on leather ; they will ruin the finish , causing it to become and cracked . if the stain remains , contact a professional cleaner . large areas : if large areas are soiled , contact a professional cleaning firm .
250 sets , ncr paper , 5887 , collated 2 part ( white , canary ) , letter size carbonless paper appleton . 250 sets , ncr paper , 5887 , collated 2 part ( white , canary ) , letter size carbonless paper appleton
1 x four ( 4 ) plastic shrink stretch wrap 445mm x 450m , 4rls cs . four ( 4 ) plastic shrink stretch wrap 445mm x 450m , 4rls cs . heavy duty product . high quality product . four ( 4 ) plastic shrink stretch wrap 445mm x 450m , 4rls cs
custom self inking rubber stamp - 3 lines ( 42a1539 ) .
excelmark 5-line large return address stamp - custom self inking rubber stamp - customize online with many font choices - large size ( stamp ink ) .
canon pixma mp490 inkjet photo all-in-one printer ( 3745b002 ) . compact and stylish photo all-in-one with 1.8-inch lcd & memory card slots . do you need a compact , high-quality , stylish and versatile printer that will print great borderless photos , documents and more ? the pixma mp490 photo all-in-one delivers 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi1 , 2pl and the pg-210 black and cl-211 color fine ink cartridge system for superb overall print quality . print from anywhere in the house quickly and easily ! view larger another key component the pixma mp490 prides itself on is ease of use so you can conveniently get the photo lab quality you want . the new auto photo fix ii software is built right into the machine and automatically corrects your images while easy viewing and editing can be done right on the 1.8  lcd . plus , its quickstart feature gives you faster access to printer operations once the products is on . if you want to start scanning , auto scan mode automatically recognizes the type of original you are scanning and saves it with the appropriate settings . oh , need some copies - no problem . dual color gamut processing technology enables your copies to maintain the integrity of the original whether a document or photo copy-after-copy . don  t forget , for added printing versatility enjoy computer-free photo printing options via compatible memory cards2 . features consumables the mp490 is compatible with the following consumables : pg-210xl ( optional ) , pg-210 , cl-211xl ( optional ) , and cl-211.view larger disclaimers1 . based on accelerated dark storage testing by canon under controlled lighting , temperature and humidity conditions , canon can not guarantee the longevity of the prints ; results may vary depending on printed images , display storage conditions and environmental factors.2 . compatible memory cards include sd memory card , minisd card , sdhc memory card , minisdhc card , multimediacard , mmcplus card , mmcmobile card , hc mmcplus card , rs-mmc , compactflash card , microdrive , memory stick , memory stick pro , memory stick duo and memory stick pro duo . the following can be used with the addition of a special adapter sold separately : microsd card , microsdhc card , mmcmicro card , xd-picture card and memory stick micro.3 . requires mobile phone ( or other device ) equipped with bluetooth v.2.0 and optional canon bluetooth unit bu-30 . bluetooth operation depends on the device and software version used . operating distance is approx . 10 meters but may vary due to obstacles , radio signals , locations where radio interference occurs , magnetic fields from microwave ovens , device sensitivity and or antenna performance.4 . print speed obtained using compatible canon compact digital camera incorporating digic ii ( other camera models may vary ) .5. requires mobile phone with irda port and support for irmc version 1.1 protocol , with phone positioned no more than 7.9 inches from printer.6 . requires mobile phone equipped with pictbridge technology and a usb cable .
epson ultra premium photo paper glossy ( 5x7 inches , 20 sheets ) ( s041945 ) . paper ultra premium photo glossy.instant-drying , heavyweight paper for long-lasting , high gloss photos . suitable for framing or special occasions..works with all ink jet printers.available in a variety of sizes - find the perfect paper for your project.backed by our satisfaction guarantee
datexx check card money manager . the money manager check card tracker helps to keep tabs on debit check card balances - as easy as using a calculator !
bulk ink refill 4 color set 250ml each for hp printer cartridges .
uniden 1360bk desktop corded telephone , black , one phone . the 1360bk desktop corded phone by uniden is ideal for any office . it displays the name and number of the caller in call waiting even while you are on the phone ; ensuring that you 'll never miss a call . ( to activate the caller id features , you must subscribe through your telephone company . ) have peace of mind in the event of a power failure that all your vital information will be retained and telephone calls can be made and received on the base . it offers three memory keys to instantly dial your most frequently called numbers with just the touch of a button . hang the phone on the wall or place it horizontally on a desk - either way - it saves space and gives you the room you need . uniden desktop corded telephone 1360bk ( black ) the 1360bk desktop corded phone by uniden is ideal for any home or office . it displays the name and number of the caller even while you are on the phone ; ensuring that you 'll never miss a call . ( to activate the caller id features , you must subscribe through your telephone company . ) have peace of mind in the event of a power failure that all your information will be retained and telephone calls can be made and received on the corded handset . three memory keys allow you to instantly dial your most frequently called numbers with just the touch of a button . hang the phone on the wall or place it horizontally on a desk - either way - it saves space and gives you the room you need . this phone has reduced magnetic noise interference with hearing aids and cochlear implants providing a louder and clearer signal the promote a clearer environment , this product was manufactured accordance with the rohs standard which limits the use of substances such as lead , mercury and cadmium products that earn the energy star prevent green house gas emissions by meeting strict energy efficiency guidelines set by the u.s. environmental protection agency and the u.s. dept . of energy
uniden black slimline corded phone ( 1100bk ) . if you 're looking for a basic , timeless phone - look no further than the slim1100bk corded phone by uniden . the slim , compact size of the phone will unobtrusively sit on any table or desk and can easily be mounted to the wall . it features hi lo ringer settings and a three volume adjustment wheel so that you can set the volume to your preferred setting . this phone is ideal for anyone who does n't want the hassle of multiple features , or to use as a secondary phone in a utility room or warehouse .
compact plain paper fax copier with answering system . plain paper fax copier features a digital answering system that answers calls , records messages and receives faxes . digital compression technology helps reduce annoying echo , drop-out or clipping . store up to 25 pages in its built-in memory for transmission and 28 pages in the reception memory . enhanced copier functions include enlargement ( 150 200 percent ) , reduction ( 92 86 72 percent ) , collate and multi-copying up to 20. the 2 line x 16 character lcd is caller id compatible and indicates operating modes , memory contents , date time and number dialed . fax copier also offers thermal transfer printing , 18 greetings on the answering machine , 20-sheet input capacity , 10-sheet auto document feeder , 14.4kbps modem speed , transmission speed of 8 seconds per page , navigator key , quick scan , 50-number telephone direction , 64-level half-tone resolution , and 20 broadcast locations .
franklin speaking merriam-webster collegiate dictionary 11th edition ( scd-2100 ) . this new handheld contains merriam-webster 's collegiate dictionary , 11th edition including biographical and geographical entries . the dictionary speaks over 500,000 clear and concise definiteions and the thesaurus contains 500,000 synonyms & antonyms . the reference set also contains merriam-webster 's concise dictionary of english usage , guide to punctuation and style , and dictionary of quotations . also includes a usb link ( pc or mac ) that will allow a user defined personal dictionary of up to 500 entries of excel compatible csv file format to be downloaded to the unit . completely updated and redesigned , the new eleventh edition of the merriam-webster 's speaking collegiate dictionary sets a new standard in electronic dictionaries with dynamic new content , a striking new look , and a fresh platform for easy viewing and accessibility . designed to help you communicate effectively , it combines high-quality language reference with state-of-the-art search technology , providing instant access to over 500,000 definitions and a 500,000 synonym return thesaurus . simply select the book you wish to search from the easy to navigate home screen clear definitions from merriam webster 's collegiate dictionary 11th edition 9 books in 1 ! we 've included 9 powerful reference tools including : merriam webster 's collegiate dictionary , concise dictionary of english usage , dictionary of quotations , guide to punctuation and style , thesaurus , geographical dictionary , biographical dictionary , sat words , and even a 5 language translator ! franklin 's thesaurus offers over 500,000 synonyms and antonyms so you 'll always have the right word merriam webster 's concise dictionary of english usage gives you more than 2,000 articles on commonly confused and disputed words and phrases `` too be , or ... no , two be , or not ... no , to be , or not to be ... that 's it ! '' there , their , they 're , or maybe even thar ( if you 're a pirate.. ) are just a few examples of questions the concise dictionary of english usage will help you answer quickly and easily . merriam-webster 's guide to puncuation and style provides direction in 10 separate grammatical categories the included 5 language translator contains over 210,000 translations ! `` unless you want stonehenge to be 18 '' again , make sure you write 18 ' this time ... '' in today 's world of endless emails , make sure you 're being understood and grammatically correct . the scd-2100 includes merriam-webster 's guide to punctuation and style so you 'll always know when it 's appropriate to use a `` colon '' or just an everyday `` comma '' . the new screen-in-lid design maximizes screen size while remaining easily pocketable the all new scd-2100 features a folding screen-in-lid design so not only is the screen clear and easy to read , it 's also fully protected while closed . when closed , the unit is only 3 '' x4 '' x3 4 '' thick with the new merriam webster 's speaking collegiate dictionary from franklin you 'll always have everything you need , right at your fingertips . what  s in the box scd-2100 unit , manual
pandigital scn02 photolink one-touch scanner with memory card . with one-touch scanning and no pc required , the photolink personal photo scanner converter from pandigital makes it easy to enjoy digital copies of all your favorite printed photos . designed for ease of use , the pandigital personal photo scanner converter saves scanned images directly to sd card for quick and simple transfer to your digital photo frame or pc . the photolink is perfect for the family genealogist , or anyone who needs to quickly and easily scan photographs or business cards . scans standard photo sizes -- perfect for the family genealogist . just over six inches wide , for serious portability . ready to go , right out of the box the photolink scanner scans digital images to most memory cards with its built-in , 5-in-1 memory card reader . the scanner supports sd , ms , ms-pro , mmc , and xd formats , and includes a free 512 mb sd card to get you started . if you 'd rather scan directly to your computer , fire it up and go -- with no additional software required . simply connect to your computer 's usb port with the included cable , insert a photo into the scanner , and press the scan button . the scanner 's memory card is read by windows and mac machines as a storage device , and you 'll have an output jpeg image waiting for you . scanning up to 1800 x 1200 resolution ( or 300 dpi ) is supported . have scanner , will travel weighing in at a mere 8 oz , and measuring just 6.15 '' w x 1.8 '' h x 1.5 '' d , this scanner wo n't tie you down to one location . scan your pics on the coffee table while you watch tv , or anywhere else in the home . need to help a friend digitize their photographs ? take the photolink with you on your next visit -- it 'll fit in a backpack . when it 's not in use , tuck the scanner in a drawer , and you 'll have space left over . easy scanning there 's no need to use a straightedge , the new twin roller system ensures that the photo is fed through the scanner evenly . this prevents the photo from being scanned crooked , creating a perfect digital image every time , and protecting your original from damage . to further protect your photos , pandigital includes two different sizes of clear plastic protection sleeves . note that the photolink is specifically designed to obtain the best scanning results with 3.5 '' x 5 '' and 4 '' x 6 '' photos , and business cards ( 1.5mm or thinner ) . other source materials may cause the scanner to jam , or deliver unsatisfactory results . the pandigital photolink one-touch scanner helps you effortlessly move your pictures out of the box , under the bed , and in the closet and back into your life where they belong . your old photographs have such a strong power to evoke happy memories and increase family bonding , why let all the good times go forgotten ? if you pull out those old photos , we bet you will start smiling right away as you flip through them . then simply feed your photos through the scanner 's twin roller system and enjoy them later on your digital picture frame or pc . as a matter of fact , those old family photographs would make a great gift on a digital picture frame for your parents or children to enjoy as well . the photolink one-touch scanner truly is as simple as just one touch . after your wallet-sized to 4 '' x 6 '' photo has been inserted into the scanner , just press the scan button . the photo is digitized into an ultra-high resolution image , up to 1800 x 1200 pixels and 300 x 300 dpi , and is scanned onto your memory card for you to upload to any pc or digital picture frame . it only makes sense that the photolink one-touch scanner is brought to you by pandigital . founded in 1998 , they recognize the need to bridge traditional and new technologies like standard film and digital picture frames , with the scanner being the device that makes the transfer from one to the other unimaginably easy . photography captures the special moments in our lives , moments that can not be appreciated if they are not viewed or displayed . pandigital has shipped more that 4 million digital picture frames and is one of the top 50 fastest growing companies in the us . in 2008 , they were the the # 1 supplier of digital photo frames in north america . their scanners and digital picture frames are of substantial quality , elegant and intuitive designs , they are versatile and affordable . useable and universal right out of the box the photolink scanner scans digital images to all the most popular memory cards , with its built-in 5 in 1 memory card reader which supports sd , ms , ms-pro , mmc , and xd formats . the scanner even comes with a free 512 mb sd card . or , if you wish to scan directly to your computer , there is no software required . simply connect the included micro usb to usb cable to your computer , insert a photo into the scanner , and press the scan button . output format is jpeg . have scanner , will travel weighing in at a mere 8 oz , and measuring 6.15 '' w x 1.8 '' h x 1.5 '' d , this scanner can travel all over the house or the country with you . one user says he set the scanner on the cocktail table and scanned while he watched tv , moving through his pictures at rapid pace . if you wanted to help your mom , dad , brother , or friend digitize their photographs , you could take it with you on your next visit and do the same . when not in use , tuck the scanner in a drawer and still have plenty of space left over .
sterilite 16928006 storage crate , white , 6-pack . sterilite 16928006 storage crate , white , 6-pack sterilite 16928006 storage crate white 6-pack . the crates provide the most versatile storage solution . the crate holds letter sized hanging folders for the home office . they contain a unique indexing feature to create a modular system , making it ideal for offices , kids rooms and college dorms .
wj dennis & company precut vinyl mat gripper backing for low pile carpet 27 '' x 6 ' , clear . this vinyl utility mat is ideal for indoor use on low pile carpet . it measures 27 inch x 6 ' and is made of 100percent vinyl with gripper backing . its appearance is clear and texturized . it is mildew resistant , as well as wear and tear resistant . this product can be used both residential and commercially .
correctable film , 50000 character yield , black . fba ss-tw-rc-fba brother typewriter ribbon cartridge for use with brother machines . , we offer a complete unconditional guarantee on this product . , our 1-800 support number takes you directly to a live support person that has full knowledge of this product . , this item is in stock and you can select the shipping method of your choice . , all supplies are freshly manufactured for the specific need and are completely guaranted to fit your machine . , our site is a first-class bbb member and provides the highest credit card security available .
clarity amplified corded phone xl40 . model : clarity-xl40aamplified big button phone 76559-500clarity ameriphone xl40 amplified big button telephoneclarity power technology amplifies incoming sound up to 43 decibels
cortelco 255400-vba-27md 1-handset landline telephone . when it comes to basics , cortelco has your number . model 2554 has delivered performance , value and reliability for many years . communications could n't be simpler or more dependable .
ink refill set for cis ciss or refillable cartridges using epson 98 , 99 ink : artisan 700 , 710 , 725 , 730 , 810 , 800 , 835 , 837 . **please note : this item is a set of 6 refill ink bottles only , cis and cartridges are not included . ** these bottles are designed for direct filling into your cis ciss or refillable cartridges . you can also use this ink to fill oem cartridges but you must know how to and you must have your own tools to do so as we dont provide additional info for refilling oem cartridges . refill ink for epson printers using 98 , 99 ink : artisan 700 , 710 , 800 , 810 easy and safe refill process -no syringes needed ! no dangerous needles for you and your family ! -our ink bottle has easy fill spout tip . it fills directly into your cis ciss and refillable cartridges ink quality and origin -our ink is made in usa and it is made specific according to oem cartridge number ( not universal ink ) . our ink also has the same standard as oem which includes colors , ph , surface tension , viscosity , and filtration . -other cheaper imported ink is usually universal ink and has lower standard . colors will be off as well . uv resistant ( against fading ) -our usa made ink has the highest uv resistant rating on market which prevents colors from fading -other cheaper imported ink either has no uv or very low rating which will cause your prints to fade very soon and eventually disappear completely . ink bottle volume -720ml total , 120ml ( 4oz ) bottle -the set includes all 6 colors ( m , c , lm , lc , y , bk )
remington typewriter ribbon - black red twin spool - old remington typewriter supplies compatible . ss-tw-sr-rem remington typewriter spool ribbon
luxor avj42c height adjustable multipurpose steel a v utility cart with locking cabinet - black . the luxor avj42 series are excellent multipurpose av utility carts . 24 `` w x 18 `` d x 24 `` -42 `` h adjustable height from 24 `` to 42 `` in 2 `` increments . shelves are 24 `` w x 18 `` d. this cabinet model has reinforced locking doors with full length piano hinges and is made of 20 gauge steel . inside dimensions are 17 1 2 `` d x 24 `` w x 16 5 8 `` h. optional big wheel models available , optional pull-out keyboard shelf , drop leaf side shelves . built to last with a lifetime warranty . made in usa .
smith corona typewriter ribbon spool - black - sc-20-scm compatible . fba ss-tw-sr-fba smith corona typewriter spool ribbon for use with smith corona machines . , we offer a complete unconditional guarantee on this product . , our support number takes you directly to a live support person that has full knowledge of this product . , this item is in stock and you can select the shipping method of your choice . , all supplies are freshly manufactured for the specific need and are completely guaranted to fit your machine . ,
mag-nif accu wrapper ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . the accu-wrapper motorized coin sorter sorts , stacks and counts coins ! the machine sorts up to 20 coins at a time , at a speed of 220 coins a minute . sorts the dollar coin . holds $ 42.50 in coins . includes a handy over-flow tray . sample set of preformed wrappers included . uses 2 `` c '' batteries ( not included ) .
mod complete mdc77038l portable flat folding shopping cart with liner , black 200lb capacity . wellmax has been designing and manufacturing shopping carts since 1981. wellmax makes the best shopping carts without question . buy the best , but with confidence . jumbo size this lightweight and sturdy folding utility cart is ideal for anyone on the go . perfect for urban and city living , day to day grocery runs , laundry pickup , or everyday hauling . constructed of a high quality rust-free metal , our shopping cart folds flat for easy storage in the trunk or under seats . ideal for the subway or quick trips to the corner grocer , local deli , bakery , or convenience store . sturdy construction holds up to 150 pounds : our utility carts sturdy metal construction allows it to hold up to 150 pounds of cargo while maintaining an easy to push stability . the metal frame is built to hold up to these large loads for years of use without bending or bowing . high quality rubber wheels and handle for easy navigation : the rubber tread on our shopping cart wheels makes it perfect to navigate on sidewalks , streets , through store aisles , or even on grass . independently pivoting front wheels allow total control and easy navigation around corners or through tight spaces . durable lightweight frame with rust proof finish : the durability and rust free construction of our utility cart ensures that even after years of use your shopping cart will be rust proof and secure . cart size is 41.75 '' h x 24 '' w x 21 '' d when fully expanded .
clarity d613 dect 6.0 cordless amplified phone with clarity power and call waiting caller id ( 50613 ) . clarity 50613.000 dect 6.0 cordless amplified phone with clarity power & call waiting caller id ( single handset system ; includes digital answering machine )
gigablock hp 88 cis ink system for officejet pro k550 l7555 k5400 k8600 l7000 l7380 l7400 l7580 l7680 l7780 . no more worrying about running out inks or those messy cartridges replacement . this continuous ink system fits hp printers using hp 88 cartridges : officejet pro l7580 l7590 l7650 l7680 k550 k5400 k8600 . comes w black ( pigment ink ) and 3 other colors c , m , y by dye base inks . inks made in usa , not the cheap imported ink . we have high quality control for components . the cartridges of this system are brand new oem from hp . our ink tanks come 1 single large tank w 4 divided cells inside , made w high quality plastic glass w clear views of your inks and ink levels . other brands are made w cheaper foggy finish individual plastic pieces that are put together . once the system is installed on your printer , youll never have to replace or remove cartridges . when you run low on inks , all you have to do is to refill by using our easy to pour refill bottles . the refill kit from us is only $ 28 set . a set come w 4 bottles ( 120ml each ) . the volume of this ink system is about 12-15 times more than your oem cartridges . all installation accessories and installation instructions are included . the actual installation takes about 5-10 minutes . you have 30 days for exchange or return from purchase date w original conditions . the system has 1 year warranty .
5 pack - 50mm nylon twin wheel chair casters , black , with 7 16 '' x 7 8 '' grip ring stem . 50mm ( 2 '' ) nylon twin wheel casters are the perfect replacement for damaged casters on office chairs . rated at 75 pounds per caster , the kit provides over 300lbs in capacity . these are an economical solution to repairing your office furniture .
uni mechanical pencil , black body with alpha gel grip , 0.5mm , royal blue ( m5618gg1p.40 ) . finest writing instruments stationary products from japan , alpha gel grip mechanical pencil , black body with alpha gel grip , for 0.5mm lead , royal blue
custom mouse pad and mug set - free 2-3 day express shipping . customize your own mouse pad with any photo , words or both ! put your own photo of your children , grandchildren , your dogs , a vacation photo or anything on your mouse pad today !
yealink sip-t20 ip phone with 2-lines and hd voice - not poe . this phone does not come standard with poe capability . there is an included power adapter for . yealink expands its lineup of ip phones with a new entry-level product sip-t20 ( ac ) . it features a two-line display and 5 hard keys for controlling the various functions . it allows users to make calls in a simple , convenient and reliable manner with an excellent price-performance ratio . sip-t20 ( ac ) is easy to install and inexpensive to start up , it can be reliably integrated into various sip-based network solutions . it is ideally suited for environments in which basic business features are required . the t20 ( ac ) features a 2 line lcd display and 9 function keys for simple integration into various sip based network solutions where basic business feature requirements and demanding budgets are the main influences on buying decisions .
zebra expandz slide ballpoint pen , 0.7mm , assorted , 1 pack ( 24551 ) . unique expandable & retractable barrel . convenient & compact for easy storage . barrel colors include black , white , light pink , lite blue and gunmetal . sturdy metal pocket clip
appvion 5909 straight paper , 3-part , 92ge , 8-1 2 '' x11 '' , 500sh pk . superior carbonless sheets are built to run cleanly and smoothly in all forms equipment , especially black white and color digital copiers and printers . design offers heavy basis weight , consistent caliper , stiffer sheet , excellent offset runnability , lower-cost carbonless option for digital equipment , and improved edge padding . stronger bond holds forms together . three-part form sets fan apart with ease with the original in white , the duplicate in canary and the triplicate in pink . fsc certified , precollated , straight , carbonless sheets deliver superior image quality with improved ink toner adhesion .
generic ep30r compatible ink ribbon for epson erc 30 34 38 , black red , 12 piece . epson erc 30 34 38 black red ink ribbon tm-u210 tm-u220 tm-u300 tm-u325 tm-u375 ( 12-pack ) fit for anker data systems 40.0068 , 40.2064 , bmc international cr280 datamega dpn2700 , tmu370 , tmu375 epson 270 , 300d , erc30 , erc34 , erc38 , m115atmu375 , m119 , m119b , m119d , m133a , m17jb , m270 , m52jb , m63ua , tm267ii , tm270 , tm300a , tm300c , tm300d , tm300pd , tmu200 , tmu200d , tmu210b , tmu210d , tmu220a , tmu220b , tmu220d , tmu230 , tmu300 , tmu325 , tmu370 , tmu375 micros 1200w , 1300wmain , 1320wmain , 1370wmain , 1390wmain , 1700mainptr , 2415wmain , 2700receipt & journal ptr , 400344mainptr , 4000w , 4300395mainptr , autocut2000 ncr 7455 , k910journal ptr nikko nk400 norand 4810 omniprint om100 , om200 , opc200 panasonic js7000main , js7500remote , js8000remoteptr , js9000remoteptr , pm300 , pm308 samsung srp270c sharp er2975 , er3210 , era750 siemens 70beetleprinter siemens beetle70 tec re2000slip , tec re2500slipptr , tec re3000slipptr , tec re3500slipptr towa et1420 , woojin adp200 , adp300 , adp400 all write ribbon c1997 , c1997bk , c1997rb best ribbon corp 411 bushnell ribbon corp 659 california ribbon psb43b r , psb43blk , psb43p r , psb43pu commander imaging prod 2444 , 288 , 288 curtis-young turbon group ec855b r dataproducts e2110 , e2116 , e2117 distinguished brands 918 epson erc30p , erc34 , erc38b , erc38br , erc38p fine line ribbon corp sr20 , ko-rec-type 6n4860 , marathon ribbon corp 2433 nashua imaging 40175 ncr 120715 , 123547 , 123550 , 94100162 , 94100163 ner data products 5139800 , 5142000,51787 nukote intl bm506 , br506 , nk506p , performance plus 40174,40180,40200,40366,40378,40381,62235,62240,62245 , 62250 porelon 11303 , 11320 , 11321 , 592 progressive ribbon cn5457 , cn5462 , cn5557 sercomp 430ec30505 , 430ec30505br , 430ec30505p .
vupoint solutions digital film and slide converter ( fc-c520-vp ) . the vupoint solutions fc-c0552-vp digital film and slide converter scans 35mm slides and negatives into 5mp digital images , at 2592 x 1680dpi . it has a built-in 2.4-inch preview display , usb interface , 32mb of internal memory and an sd card reader , supporting sd sdhc cards up to 8gb . the vupoint features automatic color balance and exposure control . the device is windows and mac compatible and comes with the creative arcsoft photoimpression 6 software suite , to capture , edit , crop and enhance digital images , convert to e-mail files , and print . this device makes turning slides and film into images easy , without the expense of using an outside service provider .
motorola l404 dect 6.0 cordless phone with caller id , digital answering machine and speakerphone ( 4 handset system ) . the motorola l404 dect 6.0 cordless phones with stylish handset , great value and easy to use answering system with message counter . features include : interference free digital technology,3-line backlit display , clock , and call waiting caller id . the answering machine gives you remote access to messages and the ability to leave audio memos for family members . the cordless phone requires only one phone jack and has a range of up to 160 feet indoors and 980 feet outdoors .
12 x 12-inch 3-ring album photo protectors by we r memory keepers 10 pack . we r memory keepers 3-ring album page protectors are made from the highest quality materials , so you can be sure they are built to last . the sheets are extra thick , but still crystal clear . easily see your photos from any angle because these page protectors are made from a non-glare , acid-free material . each sheet has reinforced edges to protect your photos and ensure they never fall out . this all-in-one 10 pack includes pages that measure 12 x 12-inches and will accommodate six 4 x 6-inch photos . protect your important projects with this wonderful product today .
rite in the rain trekker pen . while any old pencil will write on a rite in the rain notepad , the all-weather pen writes on wet paper and upside down in temperatures from -30f to 250f . black ink .
magicard pronto single sided card printer . the magicard pronto is the ideal id card printer to print on-demand id cards . it can erase the data on an id card , and print new data on it . it is a compact , lightweight , and budget-friendly card printer . it has a manual card feed in the front to personalize individual id cards in efficient manner . you will save money on ink ribbons and blank cards . the pronto is the best solution for continuously re-printing on an existing card with sharp images and vibrant colors .
motorola dect 6.0 enhanced corded base phone with cordless handset and digital answering system l402c . the motorola l402c dect 6.0 corded cordless phone with answering machine is the perfect way to route all your phone calls to one place . features include : interference free digital technology , 15 minutes of answering machine record time , answering machine access from corded or cordless handset , extra comfortable handset with large 3 line display , handsfree speakerphone on base and cordless handset , 9 speed dial memory , 60 name and number phonebook ( 30 on corded base and 30 on the cordless handset ) , selectable ringer tone , adjustable ringer and earpiece volume , up to 12 hours talk time and up to 180 hours standby . the motorola l402c dect 6.0 cordless corded phone combo with answering system is stylish and easy to use . enjoy excellent sound quality from the handset speakerphone , intercom between handsets , and expand your system with up to five additional handsets . with the l402c , you can transfer calls between connected handsets , or use the hands-free speakerphone . dect 6.0 technology ensures clear calls with conversation privacy using reliable encryption . the base can also import caller id entries to the built-in phone book . the internal phone book stores up to 60 entries -- 30 names and numbers on cordless handset and 30 names and numbers on corded base . other convenient call features include redial memory that recalls the last 5 phone numbers , speed dial , tone pulse dial , mute , flash , and more . the large backlit display shows caller id information , call time , and the handset name . the lcd display features 2 lines x 16 characters on the handset , and 3 lines x 16 characters on the phone base . extend your phone system to cover your whole home by attaching multiple handsets . the motorola l402c is expandable up to 5 handsets , and the wall-mountable corded base has a wireless range of up to 160 feet indoors and 980 feet outdoors . the built-in answering machine on the l402c feature a two-digit message counter and a blinking new message indicator . two pre-recorded outgoing messages are available , or record a custom message . listen to private message playback from the handset , or access your messages remotely when your out and about . the answering machine as a total recording time of 15 minutes , with time and day stamps , to capture all your important missed calls . the corded base operates without power , allowing you to make and receive calls in the event of a power outage . the l402c uses nimh rechareable batteries for its cordless handsets , and features a low battery warning and power saving mode . the l402c is energy star compliant , with a talk time of up to 12 hours and a standby time of up to 180 hours . motorola l400 series with handsets , base , and power adapter , telephone line cord , rechargeable nimh batteries , user 's guide and quickstart guide .
x750 quinate - x750 vertrag , legislatur , kompass , marmor , and wohlstand fountain pen collection by bulow .
boss office products n114-m combo lateral file in mahogany . the combo lateral file features a lateral file drawer a two box drawers and a file drawer that locks along with the lateral drawer . it can be used either free standing or under a desk shell . floor glides allow for minimal leveling on uneven flooring surfaces . it is finished in mahogany laminate .
parker vector red fountain pen fine nib , sm50136052 . the parker vector 's characteristics of practicality , style and robustness make it the ideal writing instrument for students and professionals . vector is the simplest , hard working parker tool . vector is an essential that you can really take for granted , as it has parker craftsmanship , guaranteed .
hp photosmart a646 compact photo printer ( cc001a # b1h ) . hp 's latest photosmart a646 compact photo printer allows direct printing from you camera enabled cellphone via built-in bluetooth .
filexec 50002-1597 1597 , 2 tone , poly envelope , snap button , letter size , set of 12 in 6 asst . colors , 2 ea blueberry , strawberry , grape , lime , lemon , tangerine . filexec 1597 , 2 tone , poly envelope , snap button , letter size , set of 6 , 6 assorted colors , blueberry , strawberry , grape , lime , lemon , tangerine
logitech wireless presenter r400 , presentation wireless presenter with laser pointer . the logitech wireless presenter r400 , with a red laser pointer , is designed to help you make your point in a smaller meeting room setting , and is easy to see against most backgrounds and projection surfaces . a battery power indicator ensures you always have the power you need to finish your presentation , while a range of up to 50 feet ( 15 meters ) lets you move around the room for more engagement with your audience . the intuitive slideshow controls help you find buttons easily by touch , and the compact design allows you to take it with you wherever you go . plus the contoured shape feels great in your hand , so you 'll be comfortable no matter how long the presentation lasts . logitech wireless presenter r400
cs6229 expandable cordless phone with digital answering system and caller id . dect 6.0 technology ; expandable up to 12 handsets using 1 phone jack ; digital answering system ; 14-min recording time ; remote message retrieval ; caller id call waiting ; 50-name number caller id history ; 50-name number phonebook directory ; handset speakerphone ; intercom between handsets ; transfer calls between handsets ; conferences outside calls between handsets ; single handset system .
quartet dry erase combination board , magnetic , 11 '' x 17 '' , white frame ( mhoc1117 ) . quartet dry erase combination board - 17quot ; width x 11quot ; height - white - frame - film - 1 each
zebra mz 220 2 '' mobile direct network thermal receipt printer with bluetooth . direct thermal - 203 dpi - usb 2.0 , irda - bluetooth
safco products 5652bl onyx mesh triple pocket wall rack , letter size , black . onyx mesh wall pockets will help you organize your clutter . made with steel mesh construction and black powder coat finish . holds letter-size charts and files . wall mounting hardware included .
darice 60124 spectrafile 14-by-14-inch 13-pocket expanding file . expanding 13 pocket file is ready to hold plenty of scrapbooking papers , photos , die cuts , cards and more . file compartments have individual true pockets that help keep small items in place . file is lightweight , portable , acid and pvc-free . freestanding , transparent design offers easy access on a desktop or table . measures 12-inch by 12-inch .
canon office products ts-1200tg business calculator . desktop calculator . canon has finally made a calculator made of recycled material ! the body and keys on the 12-digit desktop calculator helps you minimize your impact on the environment . the 1072b008aa features a adjustable , extra-large lcd display for easy viewing .
panasonic kx-tg9382t 2-line expandable digital cordless phone with answering system , metallic black , 2 handsets . kxtg9382t- 2-handset cordless answering system .
parker urban silver ballpoint pen & mechanical pencil set - 1750651 . use parker quink ballpoint refill and 0,5mm leads for the pencil , delivered in parker gift box .
hp photosmart c4795 color inkjet all-in-one printer . easy wireless printing enjoy the freedom of printing from virtually anywhere in your home share the printer with other wi-fi-enabled pcs simply touch a button for quick wireless setup great for everyday printing and photos drag and drop photos into hp photo print gadget to get consistent results and avoid print errors clip and print only web content you want using hp smart web printing do it all with one compact machine : print , copy , scan , and get lab-quality photos use windows live photo gallery and your pc to edit , store , and print photos , and make cards , calendars , and more hp touchsmart frame view and print photos without a pc using the color display with hp touchsmart frame use the frame and menus to copy and scan documents and photos make lab-quality reprints with consistently accurate color reproduction , also without a pc helping conserve resources save energy with this efficient , energy star qualified all-in-one use paper efficiently by printing multiple pages on each side of the paper save ink and paper by combining content from multiple web pages on one page with the hp smart web printing feature use less than 1 watt of energy while in off mode
canon pixma mp990 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one printer ( 3749b002 ) . the pixma mp990 is the ultimate wireless all-in-one photo printer . you 'll experience peak performance once it 's taken out of the box and hooked-up . this unmatched quality begins with a built-in wi-fi capability that lets you print wirelessly1 from anywhere around the house . you can also connect to a wired network if you choose via built-in ethernet . built-in auto duplex printing helps you keep it green by automatically printing on both sides of the paper , which can help reduce your paper cost by 50 % . the pixma mp990 is the ultimate wireless all-in-one photo printer . you 'll experience peak performance once it 's taken out of the box and hooked-up . this unmatched quality begins with a built-in wi-fi capability that lets you print wirelessly1 from anywhere around the house . you can also connect to a wired network if you choose via built-in ethernet . built-in auto duplex printing helps you keep it green by automatically printing on both sides of the paper , which can help reduce your paper cost by 50 % . the pixma mp990 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one touts a maximum resolution of 9600 x 24002 and boasts a six individual ink tank system that includes a photo black and gray ink for professional color and black & white photos . its superior 4800 dpi3 high-resolution ccd scanner includes a film adapter unit to easily scan 35mm film and slides . plus , the white led eliminates warm-up time for document and photo scanning . the pixma mp990 's ease of use continues with a large 3.8 '' color lcd , the easy scroll wheel , auto photo fix ii , auto scan mode4 , quick start and computer-free printing through compatible usb flash drives5 , memory cards6 , irda7 , pictbridge and optional bluetooth8 devices . all of this with a gorgeous borderless 4 '' x 6 '' photo that prints in approx . 20 seconds ! 9,10 features consumables the mp990 is compatible with the following consumables : pgi-220bk , cli-221c , cli-221m , cli-221y , cli-221bk , and cli-221gy.view larger disclaimers1 . wireless printing requires a working ethernet network with wireless 802.11b g capability . wireless performance may vary based on terrain and distance between the printer and wireless network clients.2 . resolution may vary based on printer driver setting . color ink droplets can be placed with a horizontal pitch of 1 9600 inch at minimum . 3. optical resolution is a measure of maximum hardware sampling resolution , based on iso 14473 standard . 4. for network users , auto scan mode is only available when scanning at a computer using mp navigator ex software and selecting the 1-click feature then save to pc . 5. usb flash memory with security enabled may not be used . requires an extension cable if can not be attached.6 . compatible memory cards include sd memory card , sdhc , multimediacard , multimediacard plus , compactflash card , microdrive , memory stick , memory stick pro , memory stick duo and memory stick pro duo . the following can be used with the addition of a special adapter sold separately : minisd card , minisdhctm , microsd card , microsdhc , rs-mmc , memory stick micro , xd-picture card , xd-picture card ( type m ) , and xd-picture card ( type h ) .7. requires mobile phone or other device with irda port positioned no more than 7.9 inches from the printer.8 . requires mobile phone ( or other device ) equipped with bluetooth v2.0 technology and optional canon bluetooth unit bu-30 . bluetooth operation depends on the device and software version used . operating distance is approx . 10 meters but may vary due to obstacles , radio signals , locations where radio interference occurs , magnetic fields from microwave ovens , device sensitivity and or antenna performance.9 . iso iec 24734 , 24735 define the default print and copy speed measurement methods . print speeds are the averages of esat in office category test for the default simplex mode , iso iec 24734 , excluding time to print the first set . copy speed is the average of fcot , iso iec 24735 annex d. adf copy speed is the average of esat in general performance test for the default simplex mode , iso iec 24735 , excluding time to copy the first set . see our www.usa.canon.com ipm for additional details.10 . print speed measured as soon as first page begins to feed into printer . copy speed is measured after the first page is ejected . output speed will vary depending upon a number of factors . see www.usa.canon.com printspeed for additional details.11 . based on accelerated testing by canon in dark storage under controlled temperature , humidity and gas conditions , simulating storage in an album with plastic sleeves . canon can not guarantee the longevity of prints ; results may vary depending on printed image , drying time , display storage conditions , and environmental factors . see www.usa.canon.com chromalife100plus for additional details.12 . supported paper types for borderless printing are as follows : photo paper pro platinum , photo paper pro ii , photo paper plus glossy ii , photo paper plus semi-gloss , photo paper glossy and matte photo paper.13 . requires mobile phone equipped with pictbridge technology and a usb cable .
continuous ink system ( cis ) for : epson artisan 50 inkjet printer ( related cartridge # : t078120 , t078220 , t078320 , t078420 , t078520 , t078620 ) . `` fast domestic delivery in 3~4 days secured , for orders through gigablockshop `` `` product ship from california , usa. `` `` this refill kit is not designed for cartridge refill . only for continous ink system `` if you had to buy each cartridge separately , you could spend over u $ 600 for original cartridge brands , or over u $ 300 for compatible cartridge brands . but , this uni-kit refill kit is the perfect buy for high volume printers , at less than u $ 40 this represents over 200 % savings compared to buying new oem cartridges ! this uni-kit refill kit is the perfect buy for high volume printers , at less than u $ 40~ $ 50 this represents over 200 % savings compared to buying new oem cartridges ! < call service 's provided > you can check the contact information in seller help page - for contact point , please go to gigablockshop store front in amazon .
kodak scanmate i1120 scanner . the new kodak scanmate i1120 scanner transforms your paper documents into high-quality digital images that can be managed , sent , filed , and found easily . one push of a button puts you in control of your documents and organizes your information . the kodak scanmate i1120 is ready to scan right out of the box , with one simple computer connection and intuitive bundled software . the kodak scanmate i1120 scanner transforms your paper documents into high quality digital images that can be managed , sent , filed , and found easily . one push of a button puts you in control of your documents and organizes your information . a scanner for all of the ins and outs of today  s business needs . just push the button and organize your paperworkeasily . the kodak scanmate i1120 scanner transforms your paper documents into high-quality digital images that can be managed , sent , filed , and foundeasily . one push of a button puts you in control of your documents and organizes your information . it  s smart , reliable , and it multitasks . the kodak scanmate i1120 scanner is ready to scan right out of the box , with one simple computer connection and intuitive bundled software . with the smart touch feature , you can easily preprogram up to nine scanning functions , along with the file formats you need them in ( pdf , tiff , jpeg , rtf , bmp and searchable pdf ) . scan anything from a business card to documents up to 86 cm ( 34 in . ) long , in color , grayscale , black and white , one-sided or two . even when they  re imperfect , perfect page image processing technology can make scanned images look better than the originals . this robust desktop scanner gives you all the ease , flexibility , reliability , and quality you want , at a price that  s just where you want it . small footprint with a big payback . your office will benefit with : that  s the kodak scanmate i1120 scanner . one small footprint that helps you take one giant leap toward a well-organized office . smart touch feature the i1120 scanner has all the ease of use and versatility you  re looking forno matter what the job is . our smart touch feature enables you to select the right scanning application for the job . with the touch of a button , scan documents to :
targus wireless usb multimedia presentation remote , black with grey ( amp09us ) . targus 2.4 ghz wireless multimedia laser presentation remote with keylock , range up to 50 feet amp09us ( black with gray )
carolina pad hot chocolate 13-pocket coupon organizer pixie sticks design , 1.25 x 6.75 x 3.75 inches ( 15023 ) . want to live out loud ? the hot chocolate collection by carolina pad has the colors and designs to get you noticed ! this collection consists of large polka dots , whimsical circles and luscious stripes set against a chocolate colored background . the hot chocolate 13-pocket coupon organizer categorizes loads of coupons in expandable pouch . this fashion-forward accordion folder not only allows you to bring design and beauty to couponing , but it helps organize coupons using file tabs for labeling specific items , shopping sections , stores and more . this handy expanding file is made from a durable , waterproof poly material and closes securely with a metal clasp to keep your coupons and notes dry and organized . available in a multi-colored -inchpick up sticks-inch striped design , the hot chocolate coupon organizer makes it easy to find your own personal style .
cat & mice door stop . 6.5h 4w 4d cast iron brozen finish
ooma telo free home phone service ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . free home phone service with ooma ; free calling in the u.s. to any phone number ; caller-id , call-waiting and 911 included ; no computer or headset required ; option to keep your existing phone number ; low-cost international rates starting at pennies per minute ooma telo view larger ooma telo free home phone service the ooma telo allows you to call anywhere in the u.s. for free - after purchase of the ooma telo all you pay is applicable taxes and fees . the telo is easy to set up and even easier to use . simply connect the device to your high-speed internet and then to your existing phone . you do n't need to use a computer or wear a headset to make and receive calls . in fact , your telephone will work as it always has , just without the costly monthly bills . with the ooma telo , you 'll be calling and saving money within minutes . with its sleek design and enhanced calling features , the only thing that 's not impressive about the ooma telo is the price tag . the ooma telo allows you to enjoy free calls within the united states and low international rates , resulting in savings on your phone bills . the ooma telo has been designed for intuitive and easy installation : simply connect it to your router and your existing home telephone . most customers are connected and making calls in less than 15 minutes . if you 've got any questions , the ooma support site is loaded with dozens of articles , diagrams , tips , and friendly help . going out should n't be cause for concern when you leave your kids with a babysitter or when you 're caring for a loved one . gain some peace of mind with 911 alerts . if anyone dials 911 from your ooma phone , we 'll immediately send a text message to your cell phone letting you know . you 'll instantly be alerted that there 's a problem , and can respond to the situation appropriately . for a one-time fee , ooma gives you the option of retaining your current telephone number . if you prefer to change numbers , you can choose a new number in almost any calling area in the us at no extra cost . my ooma is the online command center for your ooma system . you can check your voicemail and call logs , configure your preferences , upload your contact list , update your 911 address and much more . access my ooma anytime and anywhere that you have an internet connection , even from your mobile smartphone . purevoice hd technology allows ooma to deliver clear audio even when substandard calling conditions exist . it includes : advanced voice compression : ooma uses an advanced voice compression algorithm that consumes over 60 % less bandwidth than standard voip technology . that leaves you with more bandwidth for your other online activities , and increases the likelihood that your voice traffic will be delivered . wire-speed quality of service : even though ooma uses only a fraction of the bandwidth of standard voip technology , those packets need to arrive without delay for optimal quality . the ooma telo prioritizes voice packets without slowing down the rest of your network . this way you can enjoy crystal clear calls even as you 're uploading your latest video clips . adaptive redundancy : network packet loss is the enemy of voip - dropped packets can cause voice to sound stuttered or garbled . the ooma telo detects packet loss on your internet connection and automatically sends redundant packets to boost the clarity of your phone call . encrypted calls : ooma takes your privacy seriously . we leverage the same encryption technology that governments use to protect classified data to protect your conversations . this makes ooma even more secure than the traditional landline . high definition technology : hd voice technology doubles the fidelity of your phone calls by capturing twice the speech information of a standard voice call ( yes , that even includes your landline ) . when you and the other caller both use an ooma telo handset or other hd compatible phone , your voice will sound more natural than ever . ooma is a full router capable of prioritizing voice data and directing traffic to ensure the most reliable phone service . features include : the package contains an ooma telo device , an ethernet cable , an ac adapter , and quick start guide .
master lock 7148d file box , 0.49 cubic feet , black . the master lock no . 7148d locking file box is made from durable steel construction to stand up to daily use . the file box measures 13-1 2in ( 34.3cm ) w x 10-1 2in ( 26.7cm ) h x 6in ( 15.2cm ) d. the keyed lock safely protects and secures your personal documents . the limited lifetime warranty provides peace of mind from a brand you can trust . the master lock 7148d steel file box keeps your files secure . this box allows you to store all your hanging files in one portable place . the file box includes a key lock with two keys . for convenience , the box includes a carry handle . 6 '' ( 15.2cm ) x 13-1 2 '' ( 34.3cm ) x 10-1 2 '' ( 26.7cm ) .
brother genuine standard yield toner cartridge , tn210bk , replacement black toner , page yield up to 2,200 pages , tn210 . the use of brother genuine replacement standard-yield toner cartridges like the tn-210bk produces sharp , black and white pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother tn-210bk replacement black toner cartridge is for use with 9 brother printers . this professional cartridge is intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison without compromising the quality of the print . the brother genuine tn-210bk replacement standard-yield black toner cartridge can print approximately 2,200 pages ( 1 ) . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . this replacement cartridge is for use with the following brother printers and all-in-ones ; hl3040cn , hl3045cn , hl3070cw , hl3075cw , mfc9010cn , mfc9120cn , mfc9125cn , mfc9320cw , mfc9325cw .
brother mfc-9120cn digital color all-in-one printer with fax and networking . the mfc-9120cn is a compact , yet powerful digital color all-in-one solution that delivers brilliant color printing , copying , scanning and faxing as well as excellent network connectivity with its built-in ethernet interface . it quickly produces outstanding color and monochrome output at up to 17 pages per minute and offers flexible paper handling through its adjustable 250-sheet capacity paper tray . in addition , for envelopes and letterhead , it features a manual feed slot and straight through paper path that helps ensure excellent output quality every time . the mfc-9120cn also features a 35-page auto document feeder that allows you to copy , scan or fax multi-page documents quickly and easily .
brother mfc-9320cw digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking . mfc-9320cw digital colour mfc printwireless print copy scan fax
universal fountain pen ink converter . high end fountain pen ink converter
ofc express monitor stand tv stand 20.5 x 11 x 5.25 , black . ofc express manufactures a wide variety of high-quality , modish computer accessories for the home or business computer user . ofc express monitor stand raises monitor to comfortable viewing height and maximizes workspace . space saving design uses full 3 4inch material and utilizes high-strength metal inserts for easy assembly . unit is manufactured in the usa .
sauder 409043 edge water computer desk , l : 47.17 '' x w : 23.47 '' x h : 36.85 '' , estate black finish . make working from home feel like a breeze with this computer desk from the edge water collection . it includes a slide-out keyboard shelf that features a removable laptop shelf , a file drawer with full extension slides that can hold letter-size hanging files , and a felt lined drawer with cord access to a digital dock for mobile electronics . need more ? find extra storage with organizer cubby feature in the hutch . finished in a classic estate black with solid wood accents , this desk is the perfect addition to any home or office .
ink refill set for cis ciss or refillable cartridges using epson 68 , 69 ink : workforce 40 , 310 , 500 , 600 , 610 & nx100 , nx115 , nx200 , nx215 , nx400 , nx415 , nx515 . **please note : this item is a set of 4 refill ink bottles only , cis and cartridges are not included . ** these bottles are designed for direct filling into your cis ciss or refillable cartridges . you can also use this ink to fill oem cartridges but you must know how to and you must have your own tools to do so as we dont provide additional info for refilling oem cartridges . refill ink for epson printers using epson 68 , 69 ink : workforce 40 , 310 , 500 , 600 , 610 easy and safe refill process -no syringes needed ! no dangerous needles for you and your family ! -our ink bottle has easy fill spout tip . it fills directly into your cis ciss and refillable cartridges ink quality and origin -our ink is made in usa and it is made specific according to oem cartridge number ( not universal ink ) . our ink also has the same standard as oem which includes colors , ph , surface tension , viscosity , and filtration . -other cheaper imported ink is usually universal ink and has lower standard . colors will be off as well . uv resistant ( against fading ) -our usa made ink has the highest uv resistant rating on market which prevents colors from fading -other cheaper imported ink either has no uv or very low rating which will cause your prints to fade very soon and eventually disappear completely . ink bottle volume -480ml total , 120ml ( 4oz ) bottle -the set includes all 4 colors ( m , c , y , bk )
key-bak super48 locking retractable key holder , black polycarbonate case , steel belt clip , oversized split ring and made in the usa .
fellowes powershred ds-3 10 sheet cross-cut paper and credit card shredder with safesense technology ( 3231001 ) . the fellowes powershred ds-3 cross-cut shredder can shred up to 10 sheets of paper per pass into 302 ( 5 32 x 2 security level p-3 ) cross-cut particles . this machine also safely shreds credit cards , staples , and paper clips . to protect more than your identity , the patented safesense technology is designed with an electronic safety sensor that surrounds the paper entry and automatically disables the shredder when hands touch the paper opening . with the ability to shred for up to 5 minutes before a cool down period is needed , the ds-3 is ideal for personal deskside use and includes a 5-gallon lift-off head with a handle . backed by a worry-free 1-year product and service warranty plus a 5-year cutter warranty . 16.50 '' h x 15.00 '' w x 12.00 '' d protect your personal information with the powershred ds-3 cross-cut shredder from fellowes . part of the company 's line of deskside shredders , this machine is ideal in a home or home office and for individual users who regularly handle sensitive information . it cross-cuts up to 10 sheets of paper in one pass into unreadable pieces ( 5 32 inches by 2 inches ) and is tough enough to shred credit cards , staples , and paper clips . safesense technology automatically stops the shredder when hands touch the paper opening , while a 5-gallon bin makes waste disposal simple . with identity theft concerns at an all-time high , the need to protect personal information is more important than ever . and these days , it 's no longer just what you shred that matters -- it 's how small you shred it . shredders with a smaller cut size will help keep your information secure long after you dispose of the particles . the smaller the cut size , the higher the security level . if you shred confidential documents , choose cross-cut or smaller . a smaller cut size also means you will empty the bin less frequently . shredder productivity goes beyond mere sheet capacity or speed . when shopping for a shredder , consider the machine 's throughput , or the efficiency with which it can get the job done . throughput combines the three most critical features that contribute to a shredder 's performance : for example , a shredder with a speed of 8.2 feet per minute ( fpm ) , may seem more productive than one that shreds at only 7 fpm . after all , it 's a faster machine ! but as the example below illustrates , shredder b is actually three times more productive than shredder a , due to a longer duty cycle . this means you can get more done at one time , so you can quickly move on with your day . we understand that a shredder is not just a purchase . it 's an investment . that 's why fellowes drives quality assurance to exceed expectations . prior to launch , all fellowes shredders are subjected to extensive field and laboratory tests , including our proprietary continuous abuse test and long-term wear . these tests simulate years of abnormally high use to ensure our products perform reliably , even under the most demanding conditions . our promise to you is supported by a commitment to offer the most innovative solutions , exceptional product quality , and first class service and support . our higher standards ensure you get the most reliable shredder you can buy .
hp color laserjet cp4025n printer . ideal for small to medium workgroups , this network-ready laser printer offers powerful , professional-quality printing . fast first-page-out and print speeds improve workgroup efficiency . produce business documents and marketing materials that feature superb color quality and crisp text . robust processor and large memory can handle complex documents quickly without sacrificing performance . manage printer usage and your color printing costs with the integrated security and color access controls . intuitive control panel features auto-navigational help to make printer operation easy and straightforward . maximum print speed black : 35 ppm network ready : yes printer type : laser print resolution color width x height : 1,200 x 1,200 dpi .
wolverine f2d 35mm film to digital image converter with 2.4-inches lcd and tv-out . wolverine has created a very simple to use device to convert all your 35mm film into a 5 mega pixel jpeg digital images in seconds . so simple to use , it only requires a push of button - no computer or software is needed.use it right out of the box to convert all your 35mm negatives and slides by simply plugging it into an ac outlet or any usb port . all images are saved on internal memory or external sd memory card for your convenience to instantly play them on the unit 's color screen , tv or upload them to your computer .
elmo 1304 model tt-02rx 1.3 mp , 41.6x zoom teachers tool digital visual presenter , remote . the advent of high-quality , reliable visual presentation is at your fingertips with the elmo tt-02rx teachers tool . this compact and portable presenter is designed specifically for educational applications with high-quality imagery reproduced by its 1.39mp cmos sensor , 30fps blur-free motion video and sxga , wxga , xga selectable output resolutions . the included image mate 2.0 software and built-in usb 2.0 interface offers video and audio recording capabilities when connected to your pc . its lens features a 5.2x optical zoom , 8x digital zoom and auto focus ; and optimum image exposure on the ( 11 x 17 ) shooting base is achieved with its auto brightness functionality and a built-in white led lamp . in addition , it features an sd sdhc card slot , easy integration with microscopes , picture-in-picture display , intuitive on-board menu and an ir remote control . moreover , the elmo tt-02rx has the added benefit of increasing overall student enjoyment which can often result in higher test scores . studies show that information can be more easily retained through the use of digital images . also , this presenter can interface with a wide variety of displays including televisions and digital projectors , as well as being able to input directly from a laptop or pc computer . technical details 1.39 mega-pixel cmos video sensor ...
weighmax 2822-75lb postal shipping scale , battery and ac adapter included . weighmax 75 lbs postal scales were designed for weighing both letters and packages . with an accuracy of 0.2 ounces , it is fully capable of weighing first class letters for the post office . these digital postage scales feature mode switching , tare and hold buttons for your convenience . it also auto-hold the weight after a package has been placed on it , so you never lose sight of it when doing your postage labels . batteries and an ac adapter included . all weighmax products are backed by a lifetime warranty .
american greetings creatacard gold 5 .
svp ps9700 black 3-in-1 digital photo negative films slides scanner with built-in 2.4 lcd screen '' . svp 3-in-1 photoscanner ps-9700 is a innovative standalone film scanner that instantly converts 35mm film negatives , slides and photo prints into digital images without the need for a computer or application software . now you can preserve all their photo memories by turning the millions of photographs now stored on slides and negatives into digital images to preserve them forever . we have created a very simple-to-use device that works right out of the box and produces a five-megapixel digital image in five seconds at a push of a button . the device features a 5.1mpix scanning chip producing the images large enough to be printed on a a4 page ! unlike similar devices currently on the market , the svp 3-in-1 photoscanner ps-9700 does not require a computer or learning a new software program , and it takes very little space to operate , store or transport . svp introduces the ps9790 featuring a 22 megapixels resolution , ps9700 only has 5 megapixels resolution . search for svp ps9790 on amazon now !
dcwv box of a2 cards & envelopes : bright solids . fantastic for those who love making their own cards , but do n't want to go through the expense and trouble of buying their own embossing equipment or buying textured , colored , or patterned cardstock just to cut it down to size . these sets include cards that can be used for any occasion . assorted a2 box of cards contain 4 each of 10 different patterns and 40 envelopes . all cards are acid-free .
blank certificate seal - gold . for an elegant presentation , add an award seal to a folder or certificate . 50 adhesive gold seals per pack .
officemax ( r ) brand steel mesh 5-tier file tray , letter size , 14 3 4in . x 13 3 4in . x 11 5 8in , silver . this file tray helps you organize incoming and outgoing mail steel mesh ensures lasting use . separates and organizes your paperwork , folders and files . 5-tray design offers ample space .
officemax battista task chair . pneumatic seat height adjustment and upholstered in bonded leather with extra padding for long lasting comfort and fire retardant foam .
officemax three-drawer vertical file , 18inch d , letter size . three drawers for additional storage and filing capacity .
penpower worldpenscan usb . with worldpenscan , you can scan information written on any solid state media and automatically get them typed and translated into any foreign language word by word . worldpenscan brings in revolutionary technology to scan , recognize and translate printed information to a computer . it works well both with right and left handers and makes scanning a comfortable experience .
rite in the rain # 7511-m waterproof ink-jet paper . `` weatherjet '' has a micro-porous surface that turns standard ink-jet inks into permanent , waterproof images . print on both sides . ink-jet only . can be written on with all-weather pens only . 8 mil .
mitsubishi cp-9550dw digital color thermal photo printer with 2.0 usb interface , 346 dpi resolution . the mitsubishi 's high-speed , high-volume cp-9550dw defines the new standard for digital photo printers delivering outstanding print quality at a low cost . the cp-9550dw delivers bright , bold colors and achieves an unparalleled level of consistency and accuracy . with the cp-9550dw , mitsubishi unveils innovative and performance enhancing dual line technology and an adaptive thermal head management engine to improve head resolution which results in even greater image quality , detail and texture at superior resolutions . incorporating a unique roll-type mechanism for jam-free reliability , the cp-9550dw will provide continuous high quality performance . for greater versatility , the cp-9550dw offers five different output sizes with edge-to-edge printing . combining the utmost in image quality along with ultra-high speed , large volume printing and low-maintenance , the cp-9550dw will increase your business and provide an immediate return on investment .
cleartex unomat , anti-slip chair mat , for polished hard floors very low pile carpets carpet tiles , rectangular , size 35 '' x 47 '' ( fc128920era ) . the cleartex unomat is the ultimate anti-slip chair mat . suitable for all floor types . made from super-strong polycarbonate , it is transparent , tough and long-lasting . its easy-glide top surface is designed to reduce leg fatigue for the user . polycarbonate wo n't crack , scratch , curl , discolor or smell . environmentally safe and pvc free . this mat lies flat immediately and can be used straight away .
ubicon checkwriter with two additional ink cartridges ( rx200ubi ) . ubicon check writer with two additional ink cartridges
samsung ml-2525w wireless mono laser printer . samsung ml-2525w mono laser printers feature samsungs anyweb print software . it lets you select , drag and drop content from different web pages into a new blank page on your screen without any other resizing or editing required , making it easy to print whats on your screen . the ml-2525w also gives you an esp easy screen print button that lets you print your desktop with a single button . you also get print speeds of 24 ppm , a 12,000 page monthly duty cycle , and the ml-2525w gives you ethernet and wireless connectivity .
sauder edge water lateral file , 33.307 '' l x 23.465 '' w x 29.37 '' h , estate black . looking for a solution for your unorganized mess of papers ? check out this lateral file from the edge water collection . it features two drawers with full extension slides to hold letter or legal size hanging files . it also includes a patented , interlocking safety mechanism that allows only one drawer to open at a time . finished in a classy estate black , this lateral file gets the job done and looks good doing it .
boss office products b1646 multi-function leatherplus drafting stool with adjustable arms in black . upholstered in black leatherplus . back angle lock allows the back to lock throughout the angle range for perfect back support . seat tilt lock allows the seat to lock throughout the tilt range . pneumatic gas lift seat height adjustment . nylon base . hooded double wheel casters . adjustable arms . 20 '' diameter chrome footring .
25 pack brother compatible lc 61 10 -black 5 cyan 5 magenta 5 yellow ink . 25 pack brother compatible lc 61 10 -black 5 cyan 5 magenta 5 yellow ink
general pencil company cedar pointe no . 2 pencil ( ang333-2 ) ] , 12-pack . this box of 12 general cedar point pencil is made exclusively from top quality california incense cedar . all general pencil leads are waxed and bonded to meet the most strict quality standards , and they maintain their point for less frequent sharpening . hb hardness .
inktec refill kit for hp 74 and 74xl inkjet cartridges . ld  cartridges are manufactured in an internationally certified iso 9002 factory . ld  cartridges come with a 100 % 365 day money back guarantee and technical support . 4inkjets is the exclusive reseller of ld products brand of high quality printing supplies on amazon ... .
canon pixma ip2702 inkjet photo printer ( 4103b002 ) with pp-201 photo paper . sophiticated look and feel with a new compact design if you 're looking for a product with a sophisticated look and compact design that can print photo lab quality at a great value you need to look no further than the pixma ip2702 inkjet photo printer . this stylish machine fits almost anywhere while you easily print beautiful , borderless1 photos up to 8.5  x 11 ,  pages off the web through easy-webprint ex2 or documents all with amazing quality . this is made possible thanks to its fine cartridges which contain pigment black ink for laser-quality text and dye ink for smooth , natural photos . the chromalife100+ system enables your photos to last up to 3003 years when using genuine canon ink and paper and stored in archival-quality photo album . printing and automatically correcting your photos has never been easier thanks to auto photo fix ii which can be accessed through the popular easyphoto-print ex software . so you can make the most out of your photos and easily print as many as you want ! terrific resolution : this level of quality is achieved by 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi4 thanks to canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) with a patented print head firing ink droplets as small as 2pl . this delivers superb quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance ink cartridges : these two genuine canon ink cartridges contain specially formulated inks for great document and photo quality . one is a black cartridge for laser-quality text and one is a multi-color cartridge for pictures . both are easy to use and replace . fast 4  x 6  : print a beautiful , borderless photo in approx . 55 seconds5 ! chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years3 when stored in an archival-quality photo album . ease of use auto photo fix ii : this built-in technology automatically categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image and multi-zone exposure correction . so , unexposed areas of the photo will be optimized , area by area and faces that are backlit and under-exposed will automatically be brightened and color corrected to help ensure more accurate skin tones for gorgeous images . beautiful & borderless1 : print photo lab quality from 4  x 6  up to 8.5  x 11 .  usb 2.0 hi-speed : plug the cable into your computer for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . features disclaimers 1. supported paper types for borderless printing are as follows : photo paper pro platinum , photo paper pro ii , photo paper plus glossy ii , photo paper plus semi-gloss , photo paper glossy and matte photo paper . 2. compatible with microsoft internet explorer 7 in windows vista or xp only . not included on installation cd . requires internet connection during installation . 3. based on accelerated testing by canon in dark storage under controlled temperature , humidity and gas conditions , simulating storage in an album with plastic sleeves . canon can not guarantee the longevity of prints ; results may vary depending on printed image , drying time , display storage conditions , and environmental factors . 4. resolution may vary based on printer driver setting . color ink droplets can be placed with a horizontal pitch of 1 4800 inch at minimum . 5. print speed measured as soon as first page begins to feed into printer . copy speed is measured after the first page is ejected . output speed will vary depending upon a number of factors . 6. system requirements vary by application . 7. warranty programs are subject to certain conditions and restrictions . software , document complexity , print mode , types of paper used and page coverage . 8. specifications are subject to change . all printer output and viewscreen images are simulated .
pandigital photolink one-touch panscn04 5-inch x 7-inch photo scanner ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . featuring one touch scanning , and requiring no pc , the personal photo scanner converter from pandigital makes it easy to enjoy digital copies of all your favorite printed photos , up to 5x7 . designed for ease of use , scanned images are saved directly to sd card for quick and simple transfer to your digital photo frame or pc . images are scanned as 600dpi full color jpegs for incredible clarity and quality . includes 512mb memory card .
lorell 16872 2-drawer mobile file cabinet , 18-inch . lorell 16872 2-drawer mobile file cabinet , 18-inch
2-drawer commercial letter size file cabinet finish : putty . commercial grade vertical file cabinets available in a range of sizes and colors are the ideal office workhorse to maximize your organizational needs . constructed of durable steel , these file cabinets are built to withstand frequent use . no assembly required . includes follower blocks , aluminum handles , label holders and a core removable lock so multiple cabinets can be keyed alike . baked enamel finish and galvanized drawer bodies . limited lifetime warranty .
lorell 16873 2-drawer mobile file cabinet , 18-inch depth - gray . : mobile soho file cabinet features two locking file drawers with smooth glide suspension to store your important , frequently used documents . the full high-side drawers accommodate letter-size , hanging file folders . the lock secures both drawers . four casters allow you to move the pedestal where you need it . design also includes an 18 '' depth , optional caster kit , chrome pull handles and steel construction with a baked enamel finish . overall dimensions : 24.5 '' x 14.3 '' x 18 '' ( h x w x d ) . color : gray .
sauder 408924 shoal creek lateral file , l : 34.80 '' x w : 21.61 '' x h : 30.51 '' , jamocha wood finish . keep your office or workspace organized and clutter-free with this lateral file cabinet from the shoal creek collection . this elegantly styled storage cabinet features a hidden storage area behind the simulated top drawers . this convenient piece of storage furniture is the ideal place to tuck away items like books , documents , and daily mail . the lower file drawer features full extension slides so you can easily access important files and documents . it holds letter , legal , or european size hanging files to help keep you organized . a classic design makes this lateral file cabinet a perfect fit for any room in your homethe office , living room , hallway , or even the dining room . with a jamocha wood finish and satin nickel hardware , this beautiful file cabinet gives you both style and functionality .
innovative storage design hanging file cart with clear lid , 15-5 8 by 18 by 25-5 8-inch , black . file cart is designed to store letter-size and legal-size , hanging file folders . file storage area includes a plastic tote with a clear lid . the bottom shelf holds supplies . durable metal cart rolls on four sturdy wheels .
kodak 10b ink cartridge - black - 1 year limited warranty . with kodak proprietary pigment ink technology , there is no compromising . you get the vibrancy of dye-based inks and the longevity of pigment-based for a high-quality solution at an affordable price .
31.1x 25.4x18.1 cm , gray . a slip-resistant , textured surface for safe , skid resistant standing . holds up to 300 lbs . 12 1 4 l. x 10 `` w. x 7 1 8 `` h. colors may vary .
rolling file tote , 18 '' x14 '' x10-9 10 '' , clear w blue lid . inn55796 features : -product type : storage box . -country of origin : us . -recycled : no . item : -file boxes . box material : -plastic . country of manufacture : -united states . color : -clear . dimensions : overall height - top to bottom : -11 '' . overall width - side to side : -10.5 '' . overall depth - front to back : -16.25 '' . overall product weight : -4 lbs .
panasonic kx-tg6582t dect 6.0 plus link-to-cell via bluetooth cordless phone with answering system , metallic black , 2 handsets . the panasonic kx-tg6582t dect 6.0 plus link-to-cell via bluetooth cordless phone features are dect 6.0 plus technology,2 handsets , single line , digital answering system included , bluetooth headset capability , link up to 2 cell phones , phonebook copy from cellular phone via bluetooth , and talking caller id call block , silent mode and intelligent eco mode . div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-left:10px ; padding-right:15px ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; text-transform : uppercase ; border-bottom:1px solid # 000000 ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } .aplusicon { padding-top:5px ; padding-left:10px ; } td.aplusfeatures { padding-top:10px ; padding-bottom:15px ; } table # aplusfeatures , table # apluschart { margin-top:20px ; margin-bottom:20px ; } # apluschart thead span { display : none ; } # apluschart tbody td { border-top:1px solid # cccccc ; border-right:1px solid # cccccc ; padding-top:10px ; padding-bottom:10px ; } # apluschart tbody tr : hover td { background : # ffff99 ; } # apluschart tr.current { background : # ffffcc ; } cordless innovation panasonic has dialed up the spirit of innovation with our state of the art kx-tg6582t cordless telephone . multiple handsets and enhanced capabilities make this panasonic phone system the perfect asset for any and every room of your home or office . fresh technology panasonic is proud to introduce upgraded dect 6.0 plus technology , featured in all of our latest cordless phones.dect stands for `` digital enhanced cordless telecommunication '' providing you greater range , sound , and signal quality than ever before ! this enhanced system can accommodate up to 6 handsets with just one phone jack without extra wires . now you can take your cordless handset even further from the base unit ! smart features learn about the exclusive features of the kx-tg6582t . available features are marked with a check . call block silent modestore unwanted caller phone numbers in a secure list in your phone . this will eliminate future calls from them and give them a busy signal if they try to call back . program individual handsets not to ring at certain hours . handsets in other rooms will ring as usual , so you can enjoy peace and quiet in the areas of your home you need it most . intelligent eco modecommit to a healthier environment with panasonic ! simply using your handset near the base unit lowers power consumption , extends battery life , and leads to less frequent charging and changing of batteries . additionally , all packaging materials are made from reused materials and are 100 % recyclable . talking caller idno need to get up and check to see who is calling . your base unit announces the caller 's name between rings . non-slip handset designhandsets have a convenient rubber grip on the outside , comfortable enough to cradle on your shoulder . this non-slip design allows you to keep your hands free while you talk . smart wall mountsleek , low profile wall mounting and reversible design gives you the ability to attach your cordless base to a wall , or reverse for desk and counter use . choice mailquickly review and retrieve specific recorded voice messages without having to skip through snippets of other messages first . digital answering systemcapture messages from callers that you might have missed . personalize your voice mail message for your home or office environment . bluetooth-powered panasonic link-to-cell1make and receive cell phone calls through your home 's handset . use your bluetooth headset around your home for added convenience while charging your cell phone ! this exclusive feature allows you to transfer up to 600 names from your cell phone 's phonebook to your cordless handset directory via bluetooth . keep all of your important contacts , normally kept in your cell phone , secure and organized in your home phone . additional features range extenderthis new device doubles effective transmission between the base unit and cordless handset . the range extender is compatible with all 2010 cordless phones and is sold as a separate accessory to take your conversations to new lengths . the range extender is included with the kx-tg4053b telephone model.for more information visit panasonic.com . panasonic headsetsneed both hands free ? consider a panasonic headset , connecting your conversation to the handset of any of our phone systems . ( 1 ) *bluetooth headset not included
panasonic kx-tg6583t dect 6.0 plus link-to-cell bluetooth cordless phone solution with 3 handsets . link to cell blurtooth 3 handsets div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-left:10px ; padding-right:15px ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; text-transform : uppercase ; border-bottom:1px solid # 000000 ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } .aplusicon { padding-top:5px ; padding-left:10px ; } td.aplusfeatures { padding-top:10px ; padding-bottom:15px ; } table # aplusfeatures , table # apluschart { margin-top:20px ; margin-bottom:20px ; } # apluschart thead span { display : none ; } # apluschart tbody td { border-top:1px solid # cccccc ; border-right:1px solid # cccccc ; padding-top:10px ; padding-bottom:10px ; } # apluschart tbody tr : hover td { background : # ffff99 ; } # apluschart tr.current { background : # ffffcc ; } cordless innovation panasonic has dialed up the spirit of innovation with our state of the art kx-tg6583t cordless telephone . multiple handsets and enhanced capabilities make this panasonic phone system the perfect asset for any and every room of your home or office . fresh technology panasonic is proud to introduce upgraded dect 6.0 plus technology , featured in all of our latest cordless phones.dect stands for `` digital enhanced cordless telecommunication '' providing you greater range , sound , and signal quality than ever before ! this enhanced system can accommodate up to 6 handsets with just one phone jack without extra wires . now you can take your cordless handset even further from the base unit ! smart features learn about the exclusive features of the kx-tg6583t . available features are marked with a check . call block silent modestore unwanted caller phone numbers in a secure list in your phone . this will eliminate future calls from them and give them a busy signal if they try to call back . program individual handsets not to ring at certain hours . handsets in other rooms will ring as usual , so you can enjoy peace and quiet in the areas of your home you need it most . intelligent eco modecommit to a healthier environment with panasonic ! simply using your handset near the base unit lowers power consumption , extends battery life , and leads to less frequent charging and changing of batteries . additionally , all packaging materials are made from reused materials and are 100 % recyclable . talking caller idno need to get up and check to see who is calling . your base unit announces the caller 's name between rings . non-slip handset designhandsets have a convenient rubber grip on the outside , comfortable enough to cradle on your shoulder . this non-slip design allows you to keep your hands free while you talk . smart wall mountsleek , low profile wall mounting and reversible design gives you the ability to attach your cordless base to a wall , or reverse for desk and counter use . choice mailquickly review and retrieve specific recorded voice messages without having to skip through snippets of other messages first . digital answering systemcapture messages from callers that you might have missed . personalize your voice mail message for your home or office environment . bluetooth-powered panasonic link-to-cell1make and receive cell phone calls through your home 's handset . use your bluetooth headset around your home for added convenience while charging your cell phone ! this exclusive feature allows you to transfer up to 600 names from your cell phone 's phonebook to your cordless handset directory via bluetooth . keep all of your important contacts , normally kept in your cell phone , secure and organized in your home phone . additional features range extenderthis new device doubles effective transmission between the base unit and cordless handset . the range extender is compatible with all 2010 cordless phones and is sold as a separate accessory to take your conversations to new lengths . the range extender is included with the kx-tg4053b telephone model.for more information visit panasonic.com . panasonic headsetsneed both hands free ? consider a panasonic headset , connecting your conversation to the handset of any of our phone systems . ( 1 ) *bluetooth headset not included
hp officejet 4500 wireless all in-one ( cn547a # b1h ) . hp officejet 4500 wireless all-in-one has convenience of wireless connectivity with our officejet 4500 wireless all-in-one . you 'll be able to print , copy , scan , and fax all from one device , plus print at speeds as fast as 28 pages per minute in black and 22 in color . and with our officejet inks , you 'll get professional-quality color printing at a low cost per page . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outer ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? professional color for a low cost per pageprint wirelessly from any room120-sheet auto document feeder enlargefunctionsfeatures enlargebuilt-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automatically memory card slotsprint photos without using a pc color lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily 4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documents high-capacity paper tray refill paper less often with a tray that holds 250 sheets or more auto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed up to 28 pages per minute black , up to 22 ppm color2 ; laser comparable speeds up to 6 ppm black , up to 4 ppm color3 fax up to 100-page fax memory , up to 90 speed dial numbers scan resolution up to 1200-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 11.7 '' copyreduce enlarge 25 % 400 % paper handling 3 '' x 4 '' to 8.5 '' x 30 '' ; up to 3,000 pages per monthwireless wireless 802.11b genlarge remember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink4 901 200 pages901xl700 pages 901360 pages recommended hp paper hp brochure & flyer paperhp presentation paperhp bright white inkjet paper more information datasheet ( pdf ) which hp all-in-one is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side-by-side see comparison chart wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from access point.after first page ; see www.hp.com go inkjetprinter for details.based on ppm measured using iso iec 24734. standard applies to inkjet and laser products and excludes first set of test documents.page yield values are approximate , actual yield depends on printer and specific use ; for more information visit www.hpshopping.com .
the book seat - book holder and travel pillow - beige . usually book stands or rests need to be located on a flat surface . not the bookseat the book seat will mold itself and shape to sit at any angle on any surface that you place it . the bookseat is filled with polystyrene beads that enable it to sit into any position , this makes reading in bed or a chair much more comfortable and pleasurable . helps to remove the discomfort associated with holding a book for extended periods of time . eliminate aching neck shoulders , arms and wrists while reading for long periods of time . multi-tasking with the bookseat . there is a clear perspex page holder that enables you to read hands-free ! and do other things at the same time , such as knitting , typing , drinking , eating , crafts , writing , studying , etc . multi use . the book seattm doubles as a travel pillow ; in a car , bus , plane etc . different book sizes - designed for standard novels , larger books and magazines can easily be positioned in the book seat . there is a handy storage pocket - for mobile phone , reading glasses , sunglasses , remote control , pen , or even your favourite chocolate bar . loop carry handle - for storing on your door handle , bed post or for carrying . the fabric used is the latest high quality 190gsm faux-suede . it is very tactile soft and highly stain resistant .
aidata ms310 deluxe lcd monitor stand printer stand ( platinum dark gray ) ( 6 '' h x 15 '' w x 11 '' d ) . ms310 features : -2 document trays and 1 accessory drawer . -monitor printer station places monitor at comfortable viewing height to help prevent neck strain . -support up to 35 pounds and elevate monitor to maximize workspace . -elevated platform surface fits most lcd monitors and printers . -corrosion resistant : no . -mildew resistant : yes . product type : -printer stands . commercial use : -yes . primary material : -plastic . finish : -black , white . dimensions : overall width - side to side : -15 '' . overall depth - front to back : -11 '' . overall product weight : -6 lbs . overall height - top to bottom : -6 '' .
casio ms-80b standard function desktop calculator . this general purpose desktop calculator is perfect for home or office . solar plus power works even in dim light . 8-digits ( 16-digit approximations ) tax & currency exchange function silver-metallic finish large easy-to-ready big display constants for + , - , x , independent memory mark-up percent , + - 3-digit comma markers solar plus with battery back-up
casio sl-300vc standard function calculator , blue . large 8 digit lcd display
royal atb3 electronic audio bible king james version with pullout keyboard . royal atb3 electronic audio bible king james version with pullout keyboard 39130t royal  s new atb3 audio and text bible brings the fullness and richness of the king james version bible to life with over 70 hours of audio ! unlike other audio bibles , the atb3 also includes complete digital text versions of both the king james version and the world english bibles . you can listen to the professionally narrated king james version bible , listen and read simultaneously or simply read either bible . the choice is yours ! a built-in speaker , plus the included ear buds allow you to sit back and listen privately or with others . quickly search by book , chapter or verse or by over 18,000 keywords . begin reading or listening from any point . inspirational verses are grouped by topic . large screen fonts make reading more comfortable . celebrate the 400th anniversary of the king james version bible with the royal atb3 audio bible ! the atb3 comes in an attractive gift box package . it  s an ideal gift for any occasion . store up to 600 of your favorite verses for easy access and listening . touch the space bar to make the atb3  s screen font larger ! attention to detail makes the difference . royal designed the atb3 to be comprehensive , easy to use and versatile . while listening to the audio , the accompanying text scrolls across the screen automatically . adjustable font size makes reading a pleasure . the complete audio king james version bible as well as the complete old and new testament text both the king james and world english versions are included . for added versatility , the atb3 stores phone numbers , keeps track of appointments and includes a built-in calculator . compact and portable , the royal atb3 audio bible is an ideal travel companion ! find comfort and guidance in god  s word anywhere . the atb3 fits in a pocket , purse , office desk drawer or glove box . listen while you drive via the batteries or plug the atb3 into your vehicle  s auxiliary input port . the atb3 is a godsend for those with mobility issues . the included world english bible ( web ) , an updated revision of the american standard bible , is an ideal bible to compliment to the king james version bible . compare the original text and audio of the king james version with the world english version text in today  s english with a touch of a key . the royal atb3 audio bible continues royal  s 100 year tradition of designing innovative and affordable technology products . today , more than ever , people are turning to god  s words for comfort and guidance . let royal  s atb3 bring god  s goodness and words of encouragement into your life .
alvin kum long point pencil sharpener with pointer ( 1 , design 1 ) , blue . for an extra-long , extra-smooth tip four separate precision profile holes automatic stop feature dynamic torsion action to reduce pencil tip breakage also has two lead pointers for 2mm and 3.2mm lead holders
ion pics 2 sd photo , slide and film scanner with sd card . enjoy your old pictures on your digital picture frame . rediscover your long-lost photo prints , slides , and film negatives with pics 2 sd . this high-quality scanner transfers your images directly onto an sd card so you can enjoy your old pictures with the latest technology . thanks to pics 2 sd 's large , full-color lcd screen , you do n't even need a computer to make it work ! you can view your images on your digital picture frame , your television if it has an sd card slot , your mobile phone with a micro sd slot , computer , and other portable devices . imagine all of your memories with you at home or anywhere you go . pics 2 sd is fast and easy to use . just one button starts the scan , which takes an average of one to two seconds ! convenient auto focus , auto exposure , and auto-color balance mean you do n't have to be a photo whiz to make great digital images . pics 2 sd does all the hard work for you . pics 2 sd has a built-in sd card slot , so you can scan directly to virtually any sd card without needing a computer . you can also connect pics 2 sd to your mac or pc and use it as a handy sd card reader . you can drag and drop your pictures from pics 2 sd right onto your desktop . pics 2 sd makes high-resolution scans of all of your color and black-and-white slides and film negatives . pics 2 sd is portable , lightweight , and has an ultra-small footprint so you can take it with you and scan your friends ' and family 's pictures too . start rediscovering your old pictures today with pics 2 sd .
mabis 3-in-1 shopping cart , folding chair and removable storage bag backpack , blue . mabis 3-in-1 shopping cart , folding chair and removable storage bag backpackthis 3-in-one shopping cart , folding chair and removable storage bag and backpack will be a welcome friend on your shopping trips . you can shop a while , sit a while , then shop again ! or it can become a convenient resting place for someone waiting outside the store . it also works to steady you as you walk if you  d like a little more stability . this would be a great rolling cart to take to special events like ball games , picnics or golf outings or even theme parks and beaches . you can store supplies , snacks and refreshments inside . it makes one great travel companion as well for shopping excursions in foreign cities or ports of call . the roomy , removable bag has a zippered top to keep items from getting wet or falling out . it even has a little zippered pouch inside for coins or small items . features
cobra digital dps1200-hd tri-image scanner . cobra digital dps1200-hd tri-image scanner
phone power broadband telephone service combo pack .
luxor stc111 40.5 '' automotive utility cart with 3 shelves , black . this luxor stc series utility carts are made of high density polyethylene structural foam molded plastic shelves and legs that wo n't stain , scratch , dent or rust . features a retaining lip around the back and sides of flat shelves . includes four heavy duty 4 inches casters , two with brake . has a push handle molded into the top shelf . 24 inches width x 18 inches shelves . tub shelves are 2-3 4 inches deep . this red cart has two tub shelves 18 inches diameter x 24 inches width x 37.5 inches height . clearance between shelves is 26 inches . optional surge suppressing electrical assembly has 3-outlets 360 degree swivel cord wrap that attaches to the leg of your choice . stc series has optional 2 or 3 shelf units with a variety of height selections and 2 shelf size options with either tub or flat shelves . easy assembly . made in usa .
hp 78a ( ce278a ) black original toner cartridge . hp 78a ( ce278a ) black original toner cartridge . hp 78a ( ce278a ) toner cartridges work with : hp laserjet pro m1536 , p1606 . original hp toner cartridges produce an average of 71 % more usable pages than non-hp cartridges . cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 2,100 pages . original hp toner cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer toner : 78a toner . what 's in the box : new original hp 78a ( ce278a ) toner cartridge color : black .
bazic folding cart on wheels with lid cover , 16 x 18 x 15 inch . bazic 16 inches by 18 inches by 15 inch folding cart on wheels with lid cover
25 lp record mailing boxes ( record mailers ) made by fingerpop . 25 lp mailing boxes made by fingerpop . boxes are made from strong 200lb test corrugated cardboard and can hold from 1 to 5 lp records depending on use of padding .
jk audio qt quicktap telephone handset audio interface for conversation recording and monitoring . connect the quicktap between your telephone and handset for quick access to audio from any telephone . simply unplug the handset coily cord from the base of your telephone and plug it directly into the quicktap . then , using the supplied cable , connect the quicktap to the base of the telephone . now connect your audio equipment or powered speaker to the audio output jack . this jack contains a nice mix of both sides of the conversation , as well as the tones being pressed on the keypad . quicktap is essential for phone interviews ! jk audio quicktap features : quick and easy way to record telephone interviews directly to a portable recorder or computer great for podcastsdoes not work with cellular telephones or any telephone with a keypad in the handsetjk audio quicktap - great for phone interviews !
x16 small office phone system with 4 titanium metallic x16 telephones - auto attendant , voicemail , caller id , paging & intercom . x16 small office phone system is an easy to install digital small office telephone system that comes equipped with the x16 voice server and four 6 line x16 digital speakerphones in the fashion color- titanium metallic.this designer series phones are attractive and stylish . `` eye catching '' backlit blue lcd display . hd blue and green led lights.ships to work with up to 4 phone lines and expandable to up to 6 phone lines . this system includes 4 telephones but is expandable up to 16 telephones . has an auto attendant to answer and process calls , 4 voice mail ports with 2 hours of message storeage , busy telephone indication , co line call pickup , extension call pickup , express conference , direct mailbox transfer , music on hold . internal and external , personal voice mailbox , one touch record , memo record , call forward to voice mail , external or trunk to trunk , hot dial pad , all call page . easy to install . value priced compared to other phone systems .
bloom daily planners 2016-17 academic year daily planner - weekly and monthly datebook calendar - august 2016 - july 2017 ( 6 '' x 8.25 '' ) - purple damask . bloom daily planners creates fun , fashionable and chic calendars and organizational products for women . we hope our products inspire and empower women around the world to bloom into the best versions of themselves ! our 2016-17 academic year bloom daily planners run from august 2016 through july 2017. specifications and features include : fun , fashionable & chic design - 22 colorful planner cover styles to choose from ! dimensions : 6 '' wide ( with binding ) x 8.25 '' tall x .4 '' thick , 9.7 oz . calendars run from august 2016 to july 2017 monthly tabs ! 2 page monthly spreads followed by spacious weekly views pockets on front and back inside covers sturdy metal spiral binding allowing your planner to lay flat on your desk 12 end of month reflection questions integrated into the calendar 2 inspirational quotes and 1 monthly goals notes list on each monthly view shaded weekends , special icons on select holidays supplemental pages including : 1 - personal info page with yearly mission statement prompt , 1 - goals for this year page , 1 - reasons for a party list , 3 - class scheduling pages , 7 - notes pages , 4 - things to do lists , 4 - address book pages , 1 - 2016 in review 2017 goal setting spread 2016 & 2017 yearly views printed on front and back inside covers check out our other planner styles , matching binders , notebooks , desk calendars , to-do pads and more in our store by clicking `` bloom daily planners '' in blue under the listing title at the top of this page ! show us how youre blooming ! tag a picture with # bloomgirl or # plantobloom on instagram or twitter ! thank you so much ; we really appreciate your business !
siemens plug and play corded phone with proximity sensor ( es5040 ) . the siemens gigaset es5040 is based on state of the art technology , giving you more features in a corded phone . the ds5040 boast a proximity sensor that allows automatic illumination of the keypad and display when the user approaches the phone . the es5040 can also be set to automatically answer incoming calls in handsfree mode based on the proximity sensor . six direct dialing keys are also available on the phone interface and the oversized display area is angle adjustable . the es5040 sets a new standard for corded telephones . with caller id , requires subscription through phone company , you always know who is ringing . the caller number appears on the illuminated display . the name does not appear in display .
2019 branches birds inspirational christian daily planner january calendar year day weekly monthly views ( 2019 calendar year ( january - december ) ) . this christian based planner and notebook contains monthly calendars , weekly and daily planner pages from monday to sunday . it contains 12 months with plenty of writing space and highlighted national and christian holidays . inspirational quotes from famous theologians such as johnathan edwards , charles spurgeon , john owen and martin luther are found each month . uplifting scriptures taken from the english standard version of the bible are printed on each weeks pages . an easy to follow ( read through the bible in a year ) plan is also featured with check boxes for daily readings . inside covers display annual calendars for the current year and next year and contain pockets for your convenience . beautifully designed and made with high quality paper and laminated covers for easy writing and durability , its resilient plastic coil binding allow the book to lay flat or fold over . the book is optimally sized to fit into your purse , tote bag or pack so you may carry it with you wherever you go . we are confident that you will enjoy using this planner notebook to stay organized and be encouraged in your faith . we truly appreciate your business and thank you for considering our products . god bless you in your walk with him .
hp 61 ink cartridge , tri-color ( ch562wn ) for hp deskjet 1000 1010 1012 1050 1051 1055 1056 1510 1512 1514 1051 2050 2510 2512 2514 2540 2541 2542 2543 2544 2546 2547 3000 3050 3051 3052 3054 3056 3510 3511 3512hp envy 4500 4502 4504 5530 5531 5532 5534 5535 hp officejet 2620 2621 4630 4632 . hp 61 ink cartridge , tri-color ( ch562wn ) . hp 61 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet 1000 , 1010 , 1012 , 1050 , 1051 , 1055 , 1056 , 1510 , 1512 , 1514 , 1051 , 2050 , 2510 , 2512 , 2514 , 2540 , 2541 , 2542 , 2543 2544 , 2546 , 2547 , 3000 , 3050 , 3051 , 3052 , 3054 , 3056 , 3510 , 3511 , 3512hp envy 4500 , 4502 , 4504 , 5530 , 5531 , 5532 , 5534 , 5535. hp officejet 2620 , 2621 , 4630 , 4632 hp 61 ink cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 165 pages . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 61 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 61 ink cartridge ( ch562wn ) color : tri-color .
motorola dect 6.0 corded base phone with cordless handset , digital answering system and bluetooth l512cbt . motorola l512cbt dect 6.0 cordless corded phone system with bluetooth technology , digital answering system & caller id ( dual handset system ) the motorola l512cbt series is a combination corded cordless phone system that offers dect 6.0 interference-free technology with the added advantage of bluetooth . the l512cbt series features an answering machine on the handset with 15 minutes of recording time , speakerphone , and a 30-entry phonebook for names and numbers . pair up to two mobile phones and make or take cellular phone calls on your home phone with or without a landline subscription on this great phone . the l512cbt allows you to pair up to 2 bluetooth-enabled cell phones to your motorola home phone . other features include 9 speed dial memory , 30 call caller id , selectable ringtones , adjustable ringer , and an earpiece volume control . it provides you with 8 hours of talktime and 100 hours of standby , and is eco mode and energy star compliant . the l512cbt includes a corded handset and base station in addition to a cordless handset . the corded base station has a full keypad for dialing , an amber backlit display , and will function when the ac powers down , so you 'll still be able to make calls in the event of a power outage . say goodbye to your landline , lose your monthly home phone bill while enjoying the same experience of a home phone . the l512cbt series operates with or without a landline service . pair the base with multiple cell phones via bluetooth and you can make and receive mobile phone calls using your home phone . of course , it works just fine with a landline too . enjoy your mobile calls with the convenience and features of a home phone . the built-in answering machine records up to 15 minutes of incoming messages . dedicated answerer keys on handset allow for quick access . caller display capability can store information on the last 30 calls . and the large amber backlit display makes it easy to see who 's calling . the l512cbt series is wireless network friendly and energy star compliant , so it wo n't interfere with your other wireless devices or home network . dect 6.0 transmission gives you secure calls with virtually no interference . so you can add your mobile phones with confidence that your wireless devices will continue to work optimally . store up to 30 names and numbers in the built-in phonebook . the quick access buttons let you find friends and family and dial them quickly . with up to 15 minutes of recording time on the l512cbt series ' built-in answering machine , you 'll never miss important caller information while you 're out . add handsets to make the l512cbt expandable up to a total of 5 cordless handsets , so you 'll always have one near to take important calls no matter where you are in the house . it all functions from a single pstn line , so you can add handsets to rooms that do n't have a phone line jack . motorola l512cbt series with corded and cordless handsets and bases , power supply , telephone line cord , rechargeable nimh batteries , user 's guide .
winco usa 3-tier utility cart , black . winco 3 tier black utility cart uc-35g is designed for commercial use . an deal way to transport food trays or janitorial supplies . sturdy plastic construction .
at-2400 time recorder with 25-cards and 10-slot card rack . at-2400 time clock features four column printing with auto top loading and ejecting . this means no more aligning time cards and no more hard-to-read recorded hours . the large digital display is easy-to-read , and yet the time clocks compact overall size is a space saver . maintenance free operation with built-in battery backup . each at-2400 time recorder ships with a sample pack of 25 time cards and a free 10 capacity time card rack .
12 pack galada compatible with canon pgi-225 cli-226 xl ink cartridges for canon pixma ip4820 ip4920 ix6520 mg5120 mg5220 mg5320 mg6120 mg6220 mg8120 mg8120b mg8220 mx712 mx882 mx892 printer ( 1p ) . color refill kits for hp 60 60xl 901 printer ink cartridges ( cc643wn cc6644wn cc656a ) . this refill kit sale includes enough ink for at least 12-25 color ink refills depending upon your cartridge - saving you well over $ 200 for the cost of replacement cartridges for the below printers : hp deskjet d1660 d1663 d2530 d2545 d2560 d2563 d2566 d2568 d2645 d2660 d2663 d2680 f4210 f4213 f4230 f4235 f4240 f4250 f4272 f4273 f4274 f4275 f4280 f4283 f4288 f4292 f4293 f4400 f4435 f4440 f4450 f4480 hp photosmart c4600 c4610 c4635 c4640 c4650 c4680 c4683 c4685 c4690 c4700 c4740 c4750 c4780 c4783 c4795 c4799
hp photosmart d110a wireless printer ( cn731a # b1h ) . count on the hp photosmart e-all-in-one for everything you print , including photos , documents and web content . make your own photo books , calendars , collages and greeting cards using hp photo creations software . use the hp touchsmart frame to print web content like coupons , recipes and more without using a pc . plus , print wirelessly from any room in your home and share your photo printer with multiple people . simply touch one button for easy wireless setup . print from anywhere , anytime to the hp photosmart e-all-in-one . send emails , photos and everyday documents from a smartphone , notebook pc or other mobile device directly to your photo printer . save power with this energy star qualified product , plus save paper by printing multiple pages on a single sheet . edit and print lab-quality photos without a pc using the memory card slots and 2.36-inch lcd with touchsmart frame . with this hp photo printer , original hp inks and hp advanced photo paper , your prints will last for generations . count on the hp photosmart e-all-in-one for everything you print , including photos , documents and web content . make your own photo books , calendars , collages and greeting cards using hp photo creations software . use the hp touchsmart frame to print web content like coupons , recipes and more without using a pc . plus , print wirelessly from any room in your home and share your photo printer with multiple people . simply touch one button for easy wireless setup . print from anywhere , anytime to the hp photosmart e-all-in-one . send emails , photos and everyday documents from a smartphone , notebook pc or other mobile device directly to your photo printer . save power with this energy star qualified product , plus save paper by printing multiple pages on a single sheet . edit and print lab-quality photos without a pc using the memory card slots and 2.36-inch lcd with touchsmart frame . with this hp photo printer , original hp inks and hp advanced photo paper , your prints will last for generations . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? easy photo and everyday printing quickly print from the web without using a pc1 send print jobs from any mobile device with e-mail capability using hp eprint2 use airprint to print from ipad , iphone or ipod touch3enlarge special offer functionsweb connectedaccess and print from the web using the color display and appshp eprintif you can e-mail it , you can print it using hp eprint2airprintsimply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.3featuresenlargebuilt-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documentsauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed up to 29 pages per minute black , up to 23 ppm color4 ; 4 '' x 6 '' photo as fast as 70 secondsscanresolution up to 1200-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 11 '' copymaximum number of copies , up to 30paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 1,000 pages per monthwireless wireless 802.11b g nenlargeremember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink560200 pages60xl600 pages60165 pages60xl440 pages recommended hp paper hp advanced photo paperhp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet papermore informationdatasheet ( pdf ) product overview which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best side-by-sidesee comparison chart requires a wireless access point and an internet connection to the printer . services may require registration . apps availability varies by country and language . for details , http : www.hp.com go eprintercenter.requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any internet- and email-capable device . print times may vary . for a list of supported documents and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter.supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries.after first page ; see www.hp.com go inkjetprinter for details.average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . some ink from included cartridge is used to start up the printer . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies .
canon canoscan 9000f color image scanner . the canon canoscan 9000f color image scanner features fare level 3 delivers automatic dust and scratch removal as well as fading , grain and backlight correction , zero warm-up time and lower power consumption with white led , auto scan mode '' automatically adjusts settings by detecting what you are scanning , zero warm up time , lower power consumption with white led , 9600 dpi and 48-bit input output.os compatibility 4 windows 7 , windows vista , windows xp 2000 and mac os x v10.4.11 to 10.6.x . enjoy high-speed scanning for everything from photos to documents , to even 35mm film while also enjoying superb quality . the canoscan 9000f scanner delivers an incredible maximum film scanning resolution of 9600 x 9600 ( optical ) dpi1 with built-in features that also make it easy to use . the all-new auto document fix feature automatically analyzes and corrects both text and images so your document text will remain clear and your pictures will maintain color tone and contrast . for additional ease of use , the seven ez buttons enable you to scan , copy or create a pdf faster than ever . features disclaimers1 . for document types other than film , the maximum resolution is 4800 x 4800 dpi .
vupoint pdsc-iw441-vp solutions carrying case for magic wand portable scanner . the vupoint solutions carrying case is the perfect way to keep your `` magic wand '' portable scanner safe . the tough polyurethane material covering the exterior of the case is sure to keep your scanner from harm !
quartet rewritables daily quick list magnets with marker , 4.6 x 7.4-inch , 2 pack ( 79228 ) . stick these magnets to any metallic surface for an instant dry-erase notepad . only 5 x 8 inches in size they are great for use on file cabinets and mini fridges ! each magnet features a hand drawn design . mini dry-erase marker is included . assorted colors ; 2 magnets per pack .
100 label outfitters full sheet 8.5  x 11  white laser vinyl weatherproof permanent labels - horizontal liner slits  100 sheets . this product is 100 sheets of full page latex weatherproof vinyl material . this is an excellent item for those heavy duty applications where a normal label from an office supply store just wo n't survive the abuse . we have even left this label submerged in water overnight ! thousands of customers have used this product to label their metal and hardware products , shampoo bottles and even ice cream tubs , there 's very little this label ca n't do !
svp ps4100 600dpi colour & mono handyscan handheld scanner . handheld scanner handyscan ps-410 is good for scanning documents , books & pictures up to a4 size . it is easy to use with the built-in realtime scanning detector to avoid distortion , and over-speed alert to control scanning speed . 600 or 300 dpi , color or monochrome scanning option is provided . jpeg files can be saved directly to your micro sd or to your computer via usb port . it supports windows 7 vista xp and mac os10.4 or above without the need to install a driver . built-in display shows the selected resolution , remaining battery life , and memory status . bonus optical character recognition software included ! powered by 2 x aa batteries , that can approximately scan 200 pages . hold the document firmly by one hand . place the scanner on the start-scanning position . hold the scanner tight and press the scan button once . slide the scanner slowly and keep your hand stable to get the best quality picture . press the scan button again to stop scanning .
epson durabrite ultra 127 extra high-capacity inkjet cartridge-magenta t127320 . smart cartridges that provide ongoing status feedback for clear , sharp results without guesswork . laser-quality black printouts on hp specialty papers , transparency films and plain papers . individually replaceable color ink cartridges that save money and prevent ink waste .
hiti digital inc. p110s mobile home studio on-the-go photo printer . hiti p110s is the all-new studio-on-the-go product with easy-carry appeal , allowing customers to bring their photo printing anywhere . its ultra mobility and portability make it a superior mobile photo printer . weighs only 2.2kg ( 4.85 lbs . ) , hiti p110s is designed to be compact and portable . its mobile printing features are specially proposed for users whom need on-site printing .
epson stylus nx420 color ink jet all-in-one ( c11ca80201 ) . print documents with crisp , sharp text and photos with vivid , true-to-life color . the epson stylus nx420 delivers exceptional quality output , without sacrificing speed . engineered with epsons award-winning micropiezo ink jet technology , this powerful performer offers iso print speeds of 6.4 iso ppm ( black ) and 3.3 iso ppm ( color ) . prints are smudge , fade and water resistant and even highlighter friendly . best of all , plain paper documents resist fading , making it easier than ever to archive important documents . epson sets the highest standards for image quality . auto photo correction will automatically correct the lighting in poorly exposed images to ensure amazing photos . and , it includes advanced face detection , which distinguishes people from scenery , correcting the color accordingly to ensure beautiful , natural skin tones for extraordinary results . with just the click of a button and no special software , you can even remove red eye . the epson stylus nx420 comes standard with a one-year limited warranty . it also includes a quick and convenient product exchange program . so , you can rest easy , knowing you have dependable service and support . eliminate unnecessary wires by sharing the epson stylus nx420 among all your computers at home . with built-in wireless features , you can print , scan and access memory card slots wirelessly . the nx420 supports wi-fi b and g. and , its certified in the latest wireless standard , wi-fi n , providing you with greater coverage and faster speeds.1 with easy epson wi-fi , you can connect to your wireless network in seconds.3 its never been easier to use your all-in-one from anywhere in your home and share one product with multiple computers . the epson stylus nx420 is ideal for all your everyday projects . scan and save important documents and photos . make a high-quality copy , in color or black-and-white , with just one touch . or , make multiple copies with ease . you can reduce and enlarge documents and photos instantly from 25 to 400 % . best of all , you can take your print projects to a whole new level by pairing your all-in-one with epson specialty paper to create colorful fliers and greeting cards . borderless photos are easy to achieve , with or without a computer ! with its 1.5 '' lcd and built-in memory card slots , the epson stylus nx420 makes it easy to print borderless photos in multiple sizes right from your memory card or camera . amaze your friends and family with built-in photo restoration . or , bring the color back to old , faded photos quickly and easily no software required . the epson stylus nx420 is smart to own . replace only the color you need with individual ink cartridges . there are even multiple capacities available to accommodate your budget and specific print volume needs . with the epson stylus nx420 , its easy to print on both sides of the paper , saving money and paper . in fact , with manual , two-sided printing , youll save up to 50 % of your paper supply.4 the nx420 even offers a special feature that allows you to print four pages on a single sheet . wi -fi enabled epson printers now work with several mobile applications to print photos , pdfs , word documents , web pages and more ! no need to use photo sharing websites and wait for your prints or print them out at your nearest drug store . you can now also print emails & attachments anywhere you go - at home , in the office or on the road . smart . simple . amazing .  easily share one all-in-one with everyone in your family with the easy-to-use epson stylus nx420 . the nx420 is certified in the latest wireless standard , wi-fi n , providing you with better overall performance1 . and , with easy epson wi-fi , you  ll have all your home computers connected in minutes . when you  re in a rush to print , the nx420 responds  with iso print speeds of 6.4 iso ppm ( black ) and 3.3 iso ppm ( color ) . there  s no waiting for the ink to dry either . thanks to durabrite ultra instant-dry ink , you can grab your documents and go . you can even show off your amazing color prints immediately , knowing they won  t smudge or smear . they  re even highlighter friendly ! the nx420 is ideal for everyday projects . and , it has great photo features too : built-in memory card slots , auto photo correction , red-eye removal , and a 1.5 '' color lcd . imagine printing photos from your memory card , without ever touching your computer ! you can also scan and archive important documents , reduce or enlarge documents , and produce color copies , fast . the epson stylus nx420 reinvents what  s possible in your home workspace . quality without compromise print documents with crisp , sharp text and photos with vivid , true-to-life color . the epson stylus nx420 delivers exceptional quality output , without sacrificing speed . engineered with epson  s award-winning micropiezo ink jet technology , this powerful performer offers iso print speeds of 6.4 iso ppm ( black ) and 3.3 iso ppm ( color ) . while many competitive inks often take several minutes to dry , printing with durabrite ultra ink allows you to share documents and photos immediately after printing . prints are smudge , fade and water resistant  and even highlighter friendly . best of all , plain paper documents resist fading , making it easier than ever to archive important documents . epson sets the highest standards for image quality . auto photo correction will automatically correct the lighting in poorly exposed images to ensure amazing photos . and , it includes advanced face detection , which distinguishes people from scenery , correcting the color accordingly to ensure beautiful , natural skin tones for extraordinary results . with just the click of a button and no special software , you can even remove red eye . the epson stylus nx420 comes standard with a one-year limited warranty . it also includes a quick and convenient product exchange program . so , you can rest easy , knowing you have dependable service and support . eliminate unnecessary wires by sharing the epson stylus nx420 among all your computers at home . with built-in wireless features , you can print , scan and access memory card slots wirelessly . the nx420 supports wi-fi b and g. and , it  s certified in the latest wireless standard , wi-fi n , providing you with greater coverage and faster speeds.1 with easy epson wi-fi , you can connect to your wireless network in seconds.3 it  s never been easier to use your all-in-one from anywhere in your home and share one product with multiple computers . the epson stylus nx420 is ideal for all your everyday projects . scan and save important documents and photos . make a high-quality copy , in color or black-and-white , with just one touch . or , make multiple copies with ease . you can reduce and enlarge documents and photos instantly  from 25 to 400 % . best of all , you can take your print projects to a whole new level by pairing your all-in-one with epson specialty paper to create colorful fliers and greeting cards . borderless photos are easy to achieve , with or without a computer ! with its 1.5 '' lcd and built-in memory card slots , the epson stylus nx420 makes it easy to print borderless photos in multiple sizes right from your memory card or camera . amaze your friends and family with built-in photo restoration . or , bring the color back to old , faded photos quickly and easily  no software required . the epson stylus nx420 is smart to own . replace only the color you need with individual ink cartridges . there are even multiple capacities available to accommodate your budget and specific print volume needs . best of all , only one set of cartridges is needed to print amazing documents and outstanding photos . affordable cartridges as low as $ 8.99 are also available2 . with the epson stylus nx420 , it  s easy to print on both sides of the paper , saving money and paper . in fact , with manual , two-sided printing , you  ll save up to 50 % of your paper supply.4 the nx420 even offers a special feature that allows you to print four pages on a single sheet . do more with your epson printer and your mobile device . wi fi - enabled epson printers now work with several mobile applications to print photos , pdfs , word documents , web pages and more ! no need to use photo sharing websites and wait for your prints or print them out at your nearest drug store . you can now also print emails & attachments anywhere you go - at home , in the office or on the road . get performance printing on the go with epson mobile printing . see www.epson.com mobileprinting for more information . print speed is critically important when buying a printer or all-in-one . but how do you compare print speeds when different manufacturers measure in different ways ? now you can . much like the `` mpg '' ratings on new cars , there 's now a new industry standard for measuring print speed , which allows for an `` apples-to-apples '' comparison between different printer models and brands . the international organization for standardization ( widely known as iso ) developed this industry approved and internationally accepted standard , specifically for ink jet printers and all-in-ones . it measures `` out of the box '' ( default ) print speeds using `` real world '' printing scenarios , so you can be sure you 're getting a product that performs at the speed you need . epson ink supplies 125 durabrite ultra black ink cartridge ( t125120 ) 125 durabrite ultra cyan ink cartridge ( t125220 ) 125 durabrite ultra magenta ink cartridge ( t125320 ) 125 durabrite ultra yellow ink cartridge ( t125420 ) 125 durabrite ultra color multi-pack ( 3 colors ) ( t125520 ) epson paper supplies premium presentation paper matte 8.5 x 11 in,50 sheets ( s041257 ) bright white paper 8.5 x 11 in , 500 sheets ( s041586 ) presentation paper matte 8.5 x 11 in , 100 sheets ( s041062 ) premium photo paper semi-gloss 8.5 x 11 in,20 sheets ( s041331 ) premium photo paper glossy 4 x 6 in , 100 sheets ( s041727 ) what  s in the box stylus nx420 all-in-one instruction booklets cd-rom with drivers power cord 4 durabrite ultra ink cartridges ( one 125 standard-capacity black ink cartridge and three 125 standard-capacity color ink cartridges : cyan , magenta , yellow ) what is iso ppm ? iso ppm is based on the new international standard for measuring print speed . black and color print speeds are determined in default , single-side mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. actual print times will vary based on system configuration , software , and page complexity . see www.epson.com printspeed for details , including complete iso reports .
techni mobili modus metal computer student laptop desk in graphite . the techni mobili rolling laptop desk with storage works with you to get it all done . rolling on casters for easy storage in the dorm or home , this desk features a single drawer and two shelves for storage . it is made of heavy-duty engineered wood panels with a moisture resistant pvc laminate veneer and a scratch-resistant powder-coated steel frame . two of the fours non-marking nylon casters include locking mechanisms . the desktop has a 90 lb weight capacity , the drawer can hold up to 10 lbs , the top shelf has a 50 lb weight capacity and the bottom shelf can hold up to 70 lbs . color : graphite .
star micronicstsp143iiu gry us eco - thermal receipt printer - cutter - usb - gray - internal power supply and cable included . introducing the tsp100 futureprnt , the first all-in-one receipt printer . yes , all the parts and software are included in one box . to get you setup quickly , weve included an internal power supply , interface cable , power cable , complete mounting kits and a paper roll . to bring you the future of receipt printing now , were also including a full set of software utilities . redesign your receipt without modifying your application . add your logo . add coupons . preview receipts and enhance bar codes . included operating system drivers allow for plug & play automatic installation . but setup is not the only fast part . the tsp100 futureprnt is a fast printer . it 's the all-in-one-box miracle coupling amazing features and high reliability at an affordable price ! includes : usb printer , usb cable , power supply , and autocut mechanism .
garvey 22-88 digit double line , price marking gun date code labeler , compatible to 22 x 16 mm labels ( 22-88 g2216-88002 ) . garvey , 22-88 digit double line , price marking gun date code labeler , compatible to 22 x 16 mm labels
garvey 22-6 digit single line , price marking gun date code labeler , 2-count white and 2-count red blank kit ( 22-6 ikit-22602 ) . garvey easy loading applicator compact kit that will price mark or date code items in seconds..
linksys tmobile @ home hiport . feature summary ( linksys uta200-tm hiport ) one fxs voice ports ( rj11 ) for analog phone one subscriber identity module ( sim ) slot auto-crossover ( mdi mdi-x ) - no need for crossover cables 10 100 802.3 u ( rj-45 ) wan interface with auto mdix sensing
reo-smart 3-drawer metal mobile file cabinet , white . the reo-smart 215 3-drawer mobile cabinet is made to last with durable steel construction and powder coated paint . it features an injection molded hard top with smoothed edges . just search for rs215 file cabinet on amazon . special feature : 5th caster wheel under the lower drawer for easier operation . prevents tipping under heavy loads .
storage folding lap desk ( frosted blue ) ( 2.5 '' h x 17.5 '' w x 13 '' d ) . the storage folding lap desk is a portable way to work and bring everything you need with you . lift the desk top and find lots of storage compartments for pens , paper and office supplies . the legs fold flat , making these trays easy to store and very portable . this laptop desk allows you to work anywhere more comfortably . comes in frost blue and frost pink . made of plastic . assembly level degree of difficulty : no assembly required .
thermal binding machine ( 399955 ) . in under three minutes you 'll have that desirable `` book-look '' for conventions , proposals , small reports and other small valuable documents with the new papermonster tb220 right at your own desk ! stylish , quick , clean , easy-to-use and decidedly modern.others will envy you !
desktop paper folder ( 395905 ) . why slow up your printer with cumbersome , inefficient and inaccurate hand folding ? the new papermonster f100 will quickly fold letters , invoices , invitations and even flyers into a perfect standard letter fold format . furthermore , it is small , easy-to-use and will fold up to 20 to 24 lb . bond paper up to three pages stapled together .
comb binding machine ( 399915 ) . the new papermonster pb8 comb binder is a marvel of compact engineering . a report , proposal , thesis or price list can be converted into a presentable and updateable 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' working document of up to 95 pages in under a minute . an absolute `` must '' for those working in the privacy of their office or even at home : small , lightweight , easy-to-use and easy to store .
oki data b411d black digital mono printer series ( 35ppm ) , 120v , ( e f p s ) . the b411 series of digital mono printers from oki printing solutions have what you 're looking for in desktop small workgroup printers : smoother workflow and a better bottom line . the oki printing solutions b411 b431 series of digital mono printers the b411 b431 series of digital mono printers from oki printing solutions have what you 're looking for in desktop small workgroup printers : smoother workflow and a better bottom line . if you 're looking to improve the productivity and lower the operating costs of your business , the b411 b431 series offers all of that and more . for starters , select series models deliver up to 40 ppm , with the first page printing in less than 5 seconds . they produce output in black & white that 's clear and crisp , at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution , using a two-piece consumables system for long-lasting performance and a low cost of operation . all b411 b431 series printers come with duplex ( 2-sided ) printing standard , leading to fewer user interventions and savings on energy and media costs . all four models have a standard paper capacity of 250 sheets and can be outfitted with an optional 530-sheet 2nd paper tray . with its 100-sheet multi-purpose tray , the b431d dn has a maximum capacity of 880 sheets , for even longer uninterrupted productivity . in terms of durability and reliability , b411 b431 series printers are tough -- with a monthly duty cycle rated at up to 80,000 pages . b411 b431 series printers , with their compact size , fit just about any work space . all have pcl 5e and pcl 6 emulation , and the b431 series has postscript 3 emulation standard . they all perform equally well with the most popular windows operating systems and mac os 10.3 and higher . b411 b431 series printers offer usb and parallel interfaces . equipped with an okilan internal print server , the b411dn and b431dn models make network printing more affordable -- which translates into a much lower cost per user , a vital consideration as your office network grows and expands in functionality .
hp photosmart c410a premium fax wireless e-all-in-one ( cq521a # b1h ) . the hp photosmart premium fax e-all-in-one , lets you print , fax and copy two-sided documents automatically , make copies without using a pc and scan documents and photos . share the hp photosmart premium fax e-all-in-one with multiple people using wireless and wired networking . you can also send emails , photos and everyday documents from a smartphone , notebook pc or other mobile device directly to this photo printer and even print from anywhere , anytime . a 50-page automatic document feeder makes it easy to fax , scan and copy multiple pages and the photo tray lets you print photos without changing paper . use the 2.4 '' color display to print web content such as coupons , recipes and more without using a pc . you can also edit and print lab-quality photos without a pc using the display and memory cards slots . the hp photosmart premium fax e-all-in-one saves you time and money with five individual inks - replace only the cartridge that runs out . count on complete versatility with the hp photosmart premium fax e-all-in-one , which lets you print , fax and copy two-sided documents automatically , make copies without using a pc and scan documents and photos . share the hp photosmart premium fax e-all-in-one with multiple people using wireless and wired networking . you can also send emails , photos and everyday documents from a smartphone , notebook pc or other mobile device directly to this photo printer and even print from anywhere , anytime . a 50-page automatic document feeder makes it easy to fax , scan and copy multiple pages and the photo tray lets you print photos without changing paper . use the 2.4 '' color display to print web content such as coupons , recipes and more without using a pc . you can also edit and print lab-quality photos without a pc using the display and memory cards slots . the hp photosmart premium fax e-all-in-one saves you time and money with five individual inks - replace only the cartridge that runs out . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? wired and wireless networking quickly print from the web , without a pc1 send print jobs from any mobile device with e-mail capability using hp eprint2 use airprint to print from ipad , iphone or ipod touch3enlarge special offer functions enlarge web connectedaccess and print from the web using the color display and apps hp eprint if you can e-mail it , you can print it using hp eprint2 airprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.3 features enlarge built-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documentsauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed up to 34 pages per minute black , up to 32 ppm color4 ; 4 '' x 6 '' photo as fast as 63 seconds scan resolution up to 4800-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 11 '' copyreduce enlarge 25 % 400 % paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 2,500 pages per monthwireless wireless 802.11b g n remember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink5 564 250 pages 564xl 800 pages 564 300 pages 564xl 750 pages 564 300 pages 564xl 750 pages 564 300 pages 564xl 750 pages recommended hp paper hp advanced photo paperhp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet paper more informationdatasheet ( pdf ) product overview which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best side-by-side see comparison chart requires a wireless access point and an internet connection to the printer . services may require registration . apps availability varies by country and language . for details , http : www.hp.com go eprintercenter . requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any internet- and email-capable device . print times may vary . for a list of supported documents and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . after first page ; see www.hp.com go inkjetprinter for details.average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . some ink from included cartridge is used to start up the printer . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies .
hallmark pink leather address book . hallmark address books add1119 hot pink leather address book
fantasybuy continuous ink system for : epson stylus photo 1400 , 1430 printer . related printer : epson stylus photo 1410 , cartridge number : t0791 ~ t0796 , pre-filled with 165ml x 1 color ( black ) and 125ml x 1 color ( yellow ) , premium uvresistant dye based ink. , permanent chip with auto-reset chipsets. , 80 % saving on individual inkjet cartridge. , 100ml x 4 colors ( cyan , magenta and light cyan , light magenta ) = 690ml
canon cli-226 4550b001 gray ink tank . canon cli-226 4550b001 gray ink tank canon cli-226 gray ink genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed and manufactured in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . in order to provide longer-lasting and more beautiful vivid photo prints , canon continues to develop genuine dye inks and genuine canon photo papers specifically for pixma printers and take advantage of the superb printing ability of the `` fine '' print head . chromalife100+ is a system to help preserve both long lasting beauty and durability of photos with the combination of genuine canon dye inks and photo papers . genuine canon ink tank equips led to tell the user that ink level is now low and soon to be depleted , so that the user can prepare the replacement in advance . if the user does not replace the empty ink tank and keeps on printing , the print quality may deteriorate and fail to meet the standard for set printing conditions . led flashes to inform users of which ink tank needs to be replaced . this helps to prevent users from incorrectly replacing ink tanks which contains enough ink to print . creative park premium is a premium content service available exclusively to owners of select canon pixma printers only when all of the software and the colors of genuine canon inks are installed . the users can download various contents including photographs , paintings or illustrations from universally celebrated artists and print them from their pixma at a high quality with genuine canon ink . not only printing as a picture as it is , but users can also enjoy creating beautiful your own calendars , greeting cards and more .
canon cli-226 4546b007 with pp-201 50 sheets combo pack-black cyan magenta yellow . great ink savings with canon combo packs cli-226 4 ink combo pack genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed and manufactured in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . in order to provide longer-lasting and more beautiful vivid photo prints , canon continues to develop genuine dye inks and genuine canon photo papers specifically for pixma printers and take advantage of the superb printing ability of the `` fine '' print head . chromalife100+ is a system to help preserve both long lasting beauty and durability of photos with the combination of genuine canon dye inks and photo papers . genuine canon ink tank equips led to tell the user that ink level is now low and soon to be depleted , so that the user can prepare the replacement in advance . if the user does not replace the empty ink tank and keeps on printing , the print quality may deteriorate and fail to meet the standard for set printing conditions . led flashes to inform users of which ink tank needs to be replaced . this helps to prevent users from incorrectly replacing ink tanks which contains enough ink to print . creative park premium is a premium content service available exclusively to owners of select canon pixma printers only when all of the software and the colors of genuine canon inks are installed . the users can download various contents including photographs , paintings or illustrations from universally celebrated artists and print them from their pixma at a high quality with genuine canon ink . not only printing as a picture as it is , but users can also enjoy creating beautiful your own calendars , greeting cards and more .
canon cli-226 4546b001 ink tank-black . canon cli-226 is genuine canon ink for long lasting , beautiful photos and documents . these inks offer amazing color gamut and color fastness . individual ink tank system increases efficiency . chromalife100+ system : create long lasting beautiful photos when used with genuine canon photo paper . it is black in color . canon cli-226 black ink genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed and manufactured in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . in order to provide longer-lasting and more beautiful vivid photo prints , canon continues to develop genuine dye inks and genuine canon photo papers specifically for pixma printers and take advantage of the superb printing ability of the `` fine '' print head . chromalife100+ is a system to help preserve both long lasting beauty and durability of photos with the combination of genuine canon dye inks and photo papers . genuine canon ink tank equips led to tell the user that ink level is now low and soon to be depleted , so that the user can prepare the replacement in advance . if the user does not replace the empty ink tank and keeps on printing , the print quality may deteriorate and fail to meet the standard for set printing conditions . led flashes to inform users of which ink tank needs to be replaced . this helps to prevent users from incorrectly replacing ink tanks which contains enough ink to print . creative park premium is a premium content service available exclusively to owners of select canon pixma printers only when all of the software and the colors of genuine canon inks are installed . the users can download various contents including photographs , paintings or illustrations from universally celebrated artists and print them from their pixma at a high quality with genuine canon ink . not only printing as a picture as it is , but users can also enjoy creating beautiful your own calendars , greeting cards and more .
canon pgi-225bk black and cli-226 c m y color ink cartridges ( 4530b008 ) , combo 4 pack . canon pgi-225 bk cli-226 c , m , y 4 pack value pack ( 4530b008 ) in retail packaging.340 page yield @ 5 % coverage for pigment black , 510 page yield @ 5 % coverage for c m y . canon cli-226 and pgi-225 combo ink genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed and manufactured in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . in order to provide longer-lasting and more beautiful vivid photo prints , canon continues to develop genuine dye inks and genuine canon photo papers specifically for pixma printers and take advantage of the superb printing ability of the `` fine '' print head . chromalife100+ is a system to help preserve both long lasting beauty and durability of photos with the combination of genuine canon dye inks and photo papers . when printing text or a document , pigment black ink takes a prominent role to help deliver crisp and sharp text and characters on plain paper . new genuine canon pigment black ink brings dense and crisp-and-sharp black text print to the output because the surface of the pigment in the ink has been chemically treated on the nanoscale using canon original treatment methods and treating agent . these nanoscale technologies suppress unwanted light reflection to the print surface by settling pigment particles on the paper surface to effectively control the reflection , and results in delivering denser black print . genuine canon ink tank equips led to tell the user that ink level is now low and soon to be depleted , so that the user can prepare the replacement in advance . if the user does not replace the empty ink tank and keeps on printing , the print quality may deteriorate and fail to meet the standard for set printing conditions . led flashes to inform users of which ink tank needs to be replaced . this helps to prevent users from incorrectly replacing ink tanks which contains enough ink to print . creative park premium is a premium content service available exclusively to owners of select canon pixma printers only when all of the software and the colors of genuine canon inks are installed . the users can download various contents including photographs , paintings or illustrations from universally celebrated artists and print them from their pixma at a high quality with genuine canon ink . not only printing as a picture as it is , but users can also enjoy creating beautiful your own calendars , greeting cards and more .
vaultz locking file drawer , 17.25 x 12.25 x 16.25 inches , black ( vz01009 ) . vaultz offers a wide range of fashionable security storage products that allow you to store , transport and protect the things that are important to you . the vaultz locking file drawer is a sturdy file drawer with built-in metal rails to accommodate either legal or letter-size hanging file folders . it features a key lock and a strong pull-handle for ease of use and durability . the front has a chrome label holder to keep your files organized and easy to find . this drawer is hipaa compliant for added privacy assurance . if its important , play it safe and lock it up ! with vaultz .
epson b11b200201 perfection v33 photo scanner . epson perfection v33 photo scanner versatile scanning at an extraordinary value .  scan photos , documents , 3d objects and oversized artwork with incredible clarity and detail  the value-priced epson perfection v33 makes it easy with 4800 dpi optical resolution and a host of easy-to-use features . use the included arcsoft scan-n-stitch deluxe1 software to scan oversized artwork and scrapbook pages . bring those faded family photos back to life , using the v33 to restore the color in a snap . with advanced digital dust correction , you can even remove the appearance of dust from photos . and , it offers easy setup and one-touch scanning . whether you choose to archive important documents or copy the soccer team photo , you can be up and running in no time . and , with an innovative led light source , the v33 provides fast scans with no warmup time . versatile scanning  photos , documents and more the epson perfection v33 makes it easy to scan virtually anything . the high-rise lid allows you to lift the scanner lid 180 degrees to accommodate bulky originals such as scrapbooks , photo albums and 3d objects . easily scan oversized artwork , scrapbook pages and documents with arcsoft scan-n-stitch deluxe.1 included with the epson perfection v33 , this innovative software program digitizes legal , a3 and other large-size pages , section by section , then stitches all portions together , automatically . restore faded color photos back to their original brilliance with easy photo fix scanning technology , exclusively from epson . take those old family photos out of that shoebox and share precious moments once again . just scan your photos with the epson perfection v33 color scanner and renew the color with one click . it  s just that easy . and , with advanced digital dust correction , you can even remove the appearance of dust from photos . this energy-efficient light source uses less power , while ensuring greater productivity . there  s no warmup time required . best of all , containing no mercury , this led technology is better for the environment than traditional cold cathode fluorescent lamps . the epson perfection v33 offers several features , in addition to readyscan technology , to enhance your productivity . four customizable buttons allow you to instantly scan , copy , scan to e-mail and create pdfs . the included ocr ( optical character recognition ) software enables you to convert scanned documents into editable text . the epson perfection v33 also features fully automatic scanning , as well as more advanced modes to give you greater control . features benefits this powerful line of products offers the versatility you need for extraordinary scans at home or in the office . with innovative epson technology , it  s easy for anyone to achieve remarkable results . whether you want to scan photos , film , documents or 3d objects , there  s a model made for you . scan documents , restore faded color photos , or make incredible enlargements from film . it  s all possible with an epson perfection scanner .
ospst205 - office star st205 backless saddle seat stool . this drafting chair has a saddle seat and can be adjusted several ways to suit your comfort . this office seat also features : padded seat pneumatic seat height adjustmentheight adjustment 25 to 35locking center pivot tilt360 degree swivelaccessories available : ( sold separately ) soft wheel caster ( set of 5 ) stool kit with adjustable 18 diameter chrome metal foot ringstool kit with adjustable 19 diameter black nylon foot ring
fiskars 01-005452 recycled bypass trimmer , 12 inch . fsk01005452 bypass trimmer features self-sharpening blades so no replacement blades are needed . blade cuts up to 10 sheets of paper at a time . cutting arm lock is built-in for safe transporting and storage . use precision printed scale and grid on base for easy alignment . trimmer also features a paper clamp , smudge guard and anti-skid rubber feet for stability . trimmer base is made from 100 percent recycled post-consumer resin . -product type : trimmer . -country of origin : china . -cutting length : 12 '' . -cutting support : 10 sheet . -recycled : yes . -recycled content : 100pct . -post-consumer-wastepct : 100pct . -assembly required : no . -color : black . -color : orange . -brand name : fiskars . -features : self-sharpening . -features : non-skid rubber feet . -features : alignment grid . -manufacturer : fiskars corporation . -product model : 01-005452 . -product name : bypass trimmer . -dimensions : 3 '' height x 21.30 '' width x 14.90 '' depth . -manufacturer part number : 01-005452 . -packaged quantity : 1 .
uniden dect silver cordless phone system with 4 handsets and answering system ( dect1480-4g ) . advanced dect 6.0 technology operates on the newly released 1.9ghz frequency band . uniden dect incorporates `` listen before transmit '' technology that avoids interference with many household products , such as baby monitors , microwaves and wifi . as a result , these phones offer enhanced voice clarity and crystal clear digital sound quality . dect also offers high security and voice protection as well as longer battery and battery standby life .
fiskars 12 inch led surecut folding rotary paper trimmer ( 154470-1002 ) . fiskars led surecut folding rotary paper trimmer features a revolutionary design that makes mistake-free cutting a breeze . simply lower the cut rail and an illuminated cut-line indicates exactly where the blade will cut your paper or photo for accuracy that other trimmers cant match . a permanent scale and grid cutting mat gives you another guide to ensure precision , and a top-quality 28 mm rotary blade makes quick , clean cuts through multiple sheets of paper without tearing or fanning . when youre done , the cut rail locks down securely and the lightweight base folds in half for easy storage and on-the-go crafting convenience .
school smart 8-1 2 x 11 in copier film without sensing strip , pack of 100 , transparency - 079880 . school smart copier transparency film without sensing strip measures 8-1 2 x 11 in and produces crisp , black images on clear backgrounds . copier film is designed for school use . sold as 100 per pack .
national geographic - world executive map , enlarged & laminated poster by national geographic 73 x 48in . national geographic - world executive map , enlarged & laminated
large black magnetic memo board ( 13908 embellish your story ) with white dots . embellish your story takes the concept of scrapbooking and applies it to home decor . you simply start with your favorite word art or magnetic memo board , then add accents that reflect your interests , experiences , and the signs of a life that no one else can duplicate ! artist carol roeda has created a range of themes and color schemes , painted to perfection , for you to build your story upon . add decorative magnets , meaningful photographs or holiday and seasonal imagery to make your story even more unique .
hallmark address books add1109 address book refill pages [ office product ] . hallmark address books add1109 address book refill pages
skype voip corded phone usb style by sanwa , lets you make phone calls on skype ! . an internet phone that works with just a usb connection the compufon simply connects to a puter usb port . it can be used on any puter with an internet connection . making calls feels like using a regular phone . the compufon is used just like a traditional phone and achieves the same sound quality . using the software skype ( tm ) you can easily make calls to other skype ( tm ) users . when the receiver is picked up skype ? starts automatically . after the initial setup the compufon can be used just like a regular phone . by registering contacts on the contacts tab beforehand the puter can display who is online and available to talk . by using skypeout you can also make calls to fixed-line and mobile phones.operations manual : http : .sanwa-denshi.co.jp pufon sp50e.pdfsupported models and categories : alltel wireless cdma phone modelsapple ipod touch accessoriesappleat & t wirelessut starboost wirelesscalpwireless carrierscasiocellularone dobsoncingular wirelesshp ipaqcricket wirelesssidekicktouchpointgarmin nuvifonepalmheliohitachihtchtc droid eris accessorieshuaweiinnostreamlg gd570 dlite accessorieslg lg vx8370 clout series accessoriesmanufacturersmetro pcsuniversal accessoriesmitsubishimotorolanecneopointnet 10 wirelessnextel i296 series accessoriesnextel idennokiaokipanasonicpantechphilipspantech p2020 ease series accessorieskyoceraqwest wirelessblackberry by rimsamsung sgh-i897 captivate accessoriessamsungsamsung vibrant sgh-t959 accessoriessamsung sch-u320 haven accessoriessanyosharpsiemenssony ericssonsouthern lincsprint pcssuncom wirelesst-mobile wirelesstracfone wirelessunidenu.s . cellularverizon wirelessvertu collectionvirgin mobilevk mobilezte
canon 4508b002 canoscan lide210 scanner . ultra compact scanner with vertical scanning and up to 2400 dpi canon canoscan lide210 color image scanner : ultra compact scanner with vertical scanning and up to 4800 dpi1 ultra compact scanner with vertical scanning and up to 4800 dpi1 the canoscan lide210 color image features the quality , speed and ease of use that will bring your electronic filing system to another level . its maximum resolution of 4800 x 4800 ( optical ) dpi1 provides excellent scanning quality for both your photos and documents with a vivid 48-bit color depth and over 281 trillion possible colors . you  ll immediately notice how easy the canoscan lide210 is to use . auto document fix automatically delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction while the auto scan mode feature automatically detects the original you  re scanning and saves it using the appropriate settings . the canoscan lide210 has five ez buttons that enable you to scan , copy , email or create a pdf faster than ever while you enjoy three scanning position to accommodate workspaces of any size . plus , you can scan those bulky items as the advanced z-lid extends up and over the platen to scan large items such as notebooks , textbooks and other thick documents . are you looking to scan documents fast ? the canoscan lide210 delivers a letter size color scan in approximately 10 seconds ! 2 you  ll also be able to proudly join the generation green initiative as its one usb cable for data and power provides lower power consumption . speed & quality excellent resolution : when you combine 4800 x 4800 maximum color resolution with a vivid 48-bit color depth and over 281 trillion possible colors , the results will astound you . continue your scanning brilliance with tremendous 19,200 x 19,200 ( interpolated ) software enhanced scans.1 ease of use ez buttons : have the flexibility with your originals as you utilize the ez buttons to automate the entire scanning process . scan copy and create email attachments or pdf files simply with the push of a button . auto scan mode : at last , you have the ability to bring eight steps into one as you scan a photo , document , business card , textbook or personal notebook and have it automatically recognized . in addition , the original is automatically cropped to proper size , scanned and saved in the appropriate file format . all of this is achieved with the press of a single button . auto document fix : auto document fix delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . so , your document text can be darkened with pronounced edges for clear , sharp text that  s easy to read , and pictures will maintain color tone and contrast advanced z-lid : the z-lid extends up and over the platen to scan large items such as notebooks , textbooks and other thick documents . one plug scanning : consolidate the number of wires in your work area as one simple cable provides a usb 2.0 hi-speed connection and power . 3 way positioning : scan with flexibility to accommodate your work station as you can setup the lide210 in three positions such as upright , portrait and landscape . connectivity hi-speed usb : scan and transfer images to your computer with the fastest possible scanning speeds with this connection . the hi-speed usb interface also allows for quick previews of your images to your computer . additional features & benefits create pdf files : variable pdf files creation functions feature searchable pdf files , multi-page pdf files or auto direction correction .
clarity c1000 26db amplified corded telephone . the c1000 amplified corded phone by clarity features clarity power technology to make sounds not only louder , but also clearer and easier to understand . with up to 26 decibels of amplification and an extra loud ringer , the c1000 is an ideal solution for those with mild-to-moderate hearing loss .
workfit-s single hd sit-stand workstation . transform any surface into a on-demand sit stand workstation . stay energized , healthy and productive while you compute . this height adjustable workstation moves your keyboard , display and laptop in one simple motion , making computing comfortable all day long . workfit : the platform for balance and productivity transform any surface into a personalized stand-up desk . change from a sitting to a standing position and back again whenever you want . this height-adjustable workstation moves your keyboard and a larger lcd displays in one simple motion , making computing comfortable for prolonged periods .
3m multi-purpose 27 spray adhesive clear , 20 fl oz can , net weight 13.05 oz ( pack of 1 ) . 3m multi-purpose 27 spray adhesive is a versatile , economical , industrial grade , mist spray aerosol adhesive . 3m multi-purpose 27 spray adhesive is recommended for bonding , attaching , adhering , fastening , securing , gluing , tacking , sticking , gripping and hanging lightweight materials . it is translucent in color , features very little soak-in and is ideal for use in general industrial applications . the mist spray pattern helps ensure better coverage , and with an extended bond time you can reduce waste and keep assembly lines moving quickly and efficiently . users enjoy the spray adhesive because it 's easy to use and does n't require additional equipment .
( 12 sheets ) 756 1 inch round circle white stickers for inkjet & laser printers . size : 8-1 2 '' x11 '' standard sheets labels . 12 sheets per pack 40 packs per carton 1 '' circles works with laser and inkjet printers matte color : white
battery1inc compatible toner cartridges replacement for ce285a ( black , 1-pack ) . our remanufactured hp ce285a unit works with laserjet hp 3010 and 3015 models . we utilize recycled hp cartridges to reduce solid waste in the landfills . our remanufactured hp ce285a units come with a 100 % satisfaction guarantee .
ergotron workfit-s 33-341-200 dual sit-stand workstation - steel , plastic , aluminum - black . transform any surface into a personalized sit-stand work area . get affordable ergonomics . stay energized , healthy and productive while you compute , change from a sitting to a standing position whenever you want . this height-adjustable workstation moves your keyboard and display in one simple motion , making computing comfortable for prolonged periods . workfit : the platform for balance and productivity transform any surface into a personalized stand-up desk . change from a sitting to a standing position and back again whenever you want . this height-adjustable workstation moves your keyboard and two lcd displays in one simple motion , making computing comfortable for prolonged periods .
brother black compact inkjet all-in-one with fax for the small or home office user ( mfcj220 ) . this sleek and stylish all-in-one is ideal for the small or home office user . built-in fax allows you to send and receive documents without using your computer . the 1.9 inch color lcd display located on the control panel is perfect for viewing images and easy menu navigation . you can print photos directly from your digital cameras media cards . this model also includes powerful scanning software that captures and organizes your documents and images in various formats . the flatbed copier makes it convenient to copy bound , thick or odd sized documents . help save money with the 4-cartridge ink system by only changing the cartridge that needs to be replaced . brother 's new compact , stylish and easy to use inkjet all-in-one printer is the affordable choice for the small office or home office user . this sleek design lets you print , copy , scan and fax with ease . it offers a variety of features designed to enhance the way you work . these include a 1.9 '' color lcd display , direct photo printing on demand from your media cards , easy to use scanning software and the ability to scan directly to your media cards and fast print speeds up to 33ppm black and 27ppm color . the machines low profile is attributable to the convenient design of its front loading 4-cartridge ink system . four separate ink cartridges for black , cyan , magenta and yellow ink mean you only have to change the cartridge that needs to be replaced . 1.9 '' color lcd display paper versatility user friendly color lcd display the 1.9 '' color lcd display lets you view images and easily navigate menu options . there are four dedicated function keys which enable you to easily switch between copy , scan , and fax and photo printing functions by just the push of a button . paper versatility save time by not having to replenish paper often with a generous 100 sheet paper capacity . the front loading tray is conveniently located under the machine , protecting it from dust and paper curls . fast printing improve productivity with fast print speeds - when getting things printed quickly is critical , the mfc-j220 can print at up to 33ppm in black and 27ppm in color . easy to use scanning features the included scanning software makes it easy to scan , store and organize your documents . the simple user interface allows you to easily select your scanned documents and drag and drop them into popular software applications such as ms word , ms excel , outlook and more . what 's in the box lc61-bk black starter ink cartridge1 , lc61-c cyan starter ink cartridge1 , lc61-m magenta starter ink cartridge1 , lc61-y yellow starter ink cartridge1 , quick setup and basic user 's guide , installation cd-rom for windows and mac os2 , documentation cd-rom for windows and mac os , telephone line cord
brother genuine drum unit , dr420 , seamless integration , yields up to 12,000 pages , black . business professionals who have invested money in high-quality brother products expect the same from replacement supplies . the brother genuine dr-420 mono laser drum unit is a replacement drum for use with 16 different brother printers and all-in-ones , intelligently engineered as part of a complete printing system . these genuine replacement drum units are produced with precision to deliver sharp , text and graphics with every page printed . the dr-420 drum unit yields 12,000 pages ( 1 ) when used with brother genuine toner cartridges ( sold separately ) . brother is dedicated to keeping the environment safe and produces our replacement products in iso-certified factories . we offer several environmentally-responsible ways for our customers to dispose of their brother branded products once they have served their purpose . brother genuine replacement supplies are backed by brothers at your side warranty and customers enjoy lifetime tech support for the life of their printers . the brother dr420 drum unit is for use with dcp7060d , dcp7065dn , intellifax2840 , intellifax2940 , hl2220 , hl2230 , hl2240 , hl2240d , hl2270dw , hl2275dw , hl2280dw , mfc7240 , mfc7360n , mfc7365dn , mfc7460dn , mfc7860dw ( 1 ) drum yield is approx. , and may vary by type of use .
brother genuine toner cartridge , tn420 , replacement black toner , page yield up to 1,200 pages . the use of brother genuine replacement toner cartridges like the tn-420 produces sharp , black and white pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother tn-420 replacement laser black toner cartridge is for use with 16 brother products . this professional cartridge is intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison without compromising the quality of the print . the brother genuine tn-420 replacement black toner cartridge can print approximately 1,200 pages ( 1 ) . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . this replacement cartridge is for use with the following brother printers ; dcp7060d , dcp7065dn , intellifax2840 , intellifax2940 , hl2220 , hl2230 , hl2240 , hl2240d , hl2270dw , hl2275dw , hl2280dw , mfc7240 , mfc7360n , mfc7365dn , mfc7460dn , mfc7860dw .
brother genuine high yield toner cartridge , tn450 , replacement black toner , page yield up to 2,600 pages . the use of brother genuine replacement high-yield toner cartridges like the tn-450 produces sharp , black and white pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother tn-450 replacement laser black toner cartridge is for use with 16 brother products . this professional cartridge is intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison without compromising the quality of the print . the brother genuine tn-450 replacement high-yield black toner cartridge can print approximately 2,600 pages ( 1 ) . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . this replacement cartridge is for use with the following brother printers , all-in-ones and fax machines ; dcp7060d , dcp7065dn , intellifax2840 , intellifax2940 , hl2220 , hl2230 , hl2240 , hl2240d , hl2270dw , hl2275dw , hl2280dw , mfc7240 , mfc7360n , mfc7365dn , mfc7460dn , mfc7860dw .
hp deskjet 1000 printer ( ch340a # b1h ) . print high-quality black-and-white and color documents with the hp deskjet 1000 printer . designed to fit your budget . get great print quality with hp original ink , and optional high-capacity hp ink cartridges offer a solid value with frequent print . you 'll be printing before you know it with this efficient printer 's quick and easy installation . the hp deskjet 1000 printer features straightforward controls , a 60-sheet input tray and a 25-sheet output tray . helps you conserve resources . helps you conserve resource . compact adn affordable.system requirements min operating system : apple macos x 10.5 , apple macos x 10.6 , microsoft windows 7 , microsoft windows vista , microsoft windows xp sp2 or later . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? easy to set up and usefast power up and instant shutdown enlargefunctionsfeatures enlargebuilt-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documentsauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed up to 16 pages per minute black , 12 ppm color1print fromusb , pc macpaper handling 4 '' x 6 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 1,000 pages per monthenlargeremember original hp ink and papersave money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink261190 pages61xl480 pages61165 pages61xl330 pages recommended hp paper hp advanced photo paperhp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet papermore information datasheet ( pdf ) product overview which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by sidesee comparison chart exact speed varies depending on system configuration , software application , driver , and document complexity.based on iso iec 19752 and continuous printing . actual yields vary considerably based on images printed and other factors . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies .
canon pixma mg8120 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one printer ( 4504b002 ) . the pixma mg8120 possesses superior quality , functionality and versatility combined with beautiful design . the amazing feature set begins with an all-new interface that turns the top of your printer into a sleek , ultra-responsive touch panel . the intelligent touch system provides light-guided direction with gorgeous touch sensitive controls so only the buttons you need light up . your fingers will realize fluid , effortless operation where once you choose your function youre one step away from imaging brilliance . the built-in wi-fi lets you easily print and scan wirelessly with the added ability to print your photos from compatible iphone , ipod touch and android devices . this printer produce true photo lab quality prints at home with a maximum print resolution of 9600 x 2400 dpi and six individual ink tanks including a gray ink for professional color and black & white photos . its superior 9600dpi high-resolution ccd scanner includes a film adapter unit to easily scan 35mm film and slides . plus , the white led eliminates warm-up time for document and photo scanning while auto document fix delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . you can enjoy previewing and editing images on a 3.5-inch color lcd and print a beautiful , borderless 4-inch x 6-inch image in approx . 20 seconds . just insert a compatible memory card into the built in card slot , select images on the lcd display , and print without a computer . thanks to a pictbridge connection you can also print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder or camera phone , and even via bluetooth with the optional bu-30 wireless bluetooth unit . canon pixma mg8120 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one : ultimate wireless1 photo all-in-one featuring the intelligent touch system , gray ink and a 3.5 '' lcd ultimate wireless1 photo all-in-one featuring the intelligent touch system , gray ink and a 3.5 '' lcd the pixma mg8120 possesses superior quality , functionality and versatility combined with beautiful design . the amazing feature set begins with an all-new interface that turns the top of your printer into a sleek , ultra-responsive touch panel . the intelligent touch system provides light-guided direction with gorgeous touch sensitive controls so only the buttons you need light up . your fingers will realize fluid , effortless operation where once you choose your function you  re one step away from imaging brilliance . for the first time in home photo printing you can print still photographs from your captured hd movies with your new pixma printer . full hd movie print3 turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful photo prints . built-in wi-fi1 lets you easily print and scan wirelessly with the added ability to print your photos from compatible iphone , ipod touch and androidtm devices5 produce true photo lab quality prints at home with a maximum print resolution of 9600 x 2400 dpi4 and six individual ink tanks including a gray ink for professional color and black & white photos . its superior 9600dpi2 high-resolution ccd scanner includes a film adapter unit to easily scan 35mm film and slides . plus , the white led eliminates warm-up time for document and photo scanning while auto document fix delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . join the generation green initiative with built-in auto duplex printing which allows you to automatically print on both sides of the paper and can help reduce your paper usage by up to 50 % . plus , you can enjoy previewing and editing images on a 3.5 '' color lcd and print a beautiful , borderless 4 '' x 6 '' image in approx . 20 seconds12 . don  t feel like using a computer ? no problem . just insert a compatible memory card9 into the built in card slot , select images on the lcd display , and print ! thanks to a pictbridge connection you can also print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder or camera phone15 , and even via bluetooth with the optional bu-30 wireless bluetooth14 unit . speed & quality extraordinary resolution : realize the power of 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi4 firing with 1pl . benefit ? incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance six individual ink tank system : this 6-color ink system consists of five dye-based inks including a dedicated gray ink tank for professional-looking black & white and color photos . a pigment-based black ink produces exceptionally crisp , laser-quality text . plus , only replace the color ink tank that runs out . print beautiful , borderless photos fast : print a borderless , 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 20 seconds12 . ease of use intelligent touch system : this all-new button navigation system allows you to effortlessly operate your machine with gorgeous touch sensitive controls . full hd movie print : the all new full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with your compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful prints.4 built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this saves you time , helps the environment and can cut your paper usage by up to 50 % . scroll wheel : easily and quickly access and select the various features available for faster operation . 3.5 '' lcd : easily view , select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing . no downloading needed , just pick your pic and print ! auto photo fix ii : this built-in technology automatically categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image and multi-zone exposure correction . so , unexposed areas of the photo will be optimized , area by area and faces that are backlit and under-exposed will automatically be brightened with correct color cast to help ensure more accurate skin tones for gorgeous images . auto document fix : the all-new auto document fix delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . so , your document text can be darkened with pronounced edges for clear , sharp text that  s easy to read , and pictures will maintain color tone and contrast . auto scan mode : automatically recognizes the type of original being scanned , then scans and saves with the suitable settings.13 quick start : powering up your printer is now faster than ever . after pressing the power button you can begin inputting commands in mere seconds . so , full operation is possible in a much shorter time . 2-way paper feeding : to add to your options this feature lets you load paper from the front cassette or rear tray so whether your office or photo lab is open , you  re ready to print ! beautiful & borderless : print photo lab quality from 4 '' x 6 '' up to 8.5 '' x 11 . `` 8 connectivity built-in wireless : print or scan wirelessly from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house . 1 smart phone printing : take full advantage of canon  s fantastic wi-fi printing technology to unlock , print and share your stored images right on the spot . print your photos wirelessly from compatible iphone , ipod touch and android devices.5 built-in ethernet : this wired lan interface lets you connect to a home or office network , with connected computers sharing the power of this versatile machine , each being able to display the printer  s status at any moment . memory cards9 usb10 pictbridge17 & optional bluetooth14 : hi-speed usb : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . additional features & benefits fast document printing : print black and white , and color documents in the official print speed measure ( images per minute ) for one , four page excel document , one , four page word document and one , four page pdf document.11 optical scanning resolution : produces high quality , 4800 x 9600 dpi scans for incredible image detail.2 easy-webprint ex : print what you want off the web , easily . easy-webprintex allows you to create your own layout , take different sections of different websites and put them all on one page . move , resize and trim your clips , insert notes and edit text , make it a portrait or landscape , print up to 3 columns on a page and even save the layout as a pdf file.6 stay true to the original : this built-in technology automatically optimizes your copy quality based on the type of original you  re copying . chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon inks and select genuine canon photo papers for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album16 . film scanning : the built-in film adapter unit allows you to eaily scan in slides and negatives .
canon pixma mg6120 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one printer ( 4503b002 ) . canon pixma mg6120 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one : high performance wireless1 photo all-in-one with intelligent touch system , gray ink and built-in auto duplex printing . the pixma mg6120 delivers high performance , quality and true ease of use in one , sleek machine . it begins with a revolutionary interface that canon has created where the top of your printer turns into a sleek , ultra-responsive touch panel . the intelligent touch system provides light-guided direction with gorgeous touch sensitive controls so only the buttons you need light up . your fingers will realize fluid , effortless operation where once you choose your function youre one step away from imaging brilliance . canon pixma mg6120 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one : high performance wireless1 photo all-in-one with intelligent touch system , gray ink and built-in auto duplex printing the pixma mg6120 delivers high performance , quality and true ease of use in one , sleek machine . it begins with a revolutionary interface that canon has created where the top of your printer turns into a sleek , ultra-responsive touch panel . the intelligent touch system provides light-guided direction with gorgeous touch sensitive controls so only the buttons you need light up . your fingers will realize fluid , effortless operation where once you choose your function you  re one step away from imaging brilliance . high performance wireless1 photo all-in-one with intelligent touch system , gray ink and built-in auto duplex printing for the first time in home photo printing your hd movie moments can now become beautiful photos with your new pixma printer . full hd movie print2 turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful photo prints . built-in wi-fi1 lets you easily print and scan wirelessly with the added ability to print your photos from compatible iphone , ipod touch and androidtm devices4 . produce true photo lab quality prints at home with a maximum print resolution of 9600 x 2400 dpi3 and six individual ink tanks including a gray ink for professional color and black & white photos . plus , auto document fix delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . join the generation green initiative with built-in auto duplex printing , which allows you to automatically print on both sides of the paper and can help reduce your paper usage by up to 50 % . don  t feel like using a computer ? no problem . just insert a compatible memory card5 into the built in card slot , select images on the lcd display , and print ! thanks to a pictbridge6 connection you can also print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder or camera phone , and even with the optional bu-30 wireless bluetooth7 unit . enjoy previewing and editing images on a 3.0 '' color lcd and print a beautiful , borderless 4 '' x 6 '' image in approx . 20 seconds8 . speed & quality extraordinary resolution : realize the power of 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi firing with 1pl . benefit ? incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos.3 high performance six individual ink tank system : this 6-color ink system consists of five dye-based inks including a dedicated gray ink tank for professional-looking black & white and color photos . a pigment-based black ink produces exceptionally crisp , laser-quality text . plus , only replace the color ink tank that runs out . chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon inks and select genuine canon photo papers for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album9 . print beautiful , borderless photos fast : print a borderless , 4 '' x 6 '' in approximately 20 seconds.8 ease of use intelligent touch system : this all-new button navigation system allows you to effortlessly operate your machine with gorgeous touch sensitive controls . full hd movie print : the all new full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with your compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful prints.2 built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this saves you time , helps the environment and can cut your paper usage by up to 50 % . scroll wheel : easily and quickly access and select the various features available for faster operation . 3.0 '' lcd : easily view , select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing . no downloading needed , just pick your pic and print ! auto photo fix ii : this built-in technology automatically categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image and multi-zone exposure correction . so , unexposed areas of the photo will be optimized , area by area and faces that are backlit and under-exposed will automatically be brightened with correct color cast to help ensure more accurate skin tones for gorgeous images . auto document fix : auto document fix delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . so , your document text can be darkened with pronounced edges for clear , sharp text that  s easy to read , and pictures will maintain color tone and contrast . auto scan mode : automatically recognizes the type of original being scanned , then scans and saves with the suitable settings.12 quick start : powering up your printer is now faster than ever . after pressing the power button you can begin inputting commands in mere seconds . so , full operation is possible in a much shorter time . 2-way paper feeding : to add to your options this feature lets you load paper from the front cassette or rear tray so whether your home office or photo lab is open , you  re ready to print ! beautiful & borderless : print photo lab quality from 4 '' x 6 '' up to 8.5 '' x 11 . `` 10 connectivity built-in wireless : print or scan wirelessly from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house.1 smart phone printing : take full advantage of canon  s fantastic wi-fi printing technology to unlock , print and share your stored images right on the spot . print your photos wirelessly from compatible iphone , ipod touch and androidtm devices.4 built-in ethernet : this wired lan interface lets you connect to a home or office network , with connected computers sharing the power of this versatile machine , each being able to display the printer  s status at any moment . memory cards5 usb11 pictbridge6 & optional bluetooth7 : hi-speed usb : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . additional features & benefits fast document printing : print black and white , and color documents in the official print speed measure ( images per minute ) for one , four page excel document , one , four page word document and one , four page pdf document.14 optical scanning resolution : produces high quality , 4800 x 4800 dpi scans for incredible image detail . easy-webprint ex : print what you want off the web , easily . easy-webprintex allows you to create your own layout , take different sections of different websites and put them all on one page . move , resize and trim your clips , insert notes and edit text , make it a portrait or landscape , print up to 3 columns on a page and even save the layout as a pdf file.13 stay true to the original : this built-in technology automatically optimizes your copy quality based on the type of original you  re copying .
avery dennison fine tagging gun kit gun+needle+1000 avery dennison barbs . this a fine garment tagging kit that includes the top of the line avery dennison fine gun for tagging finer fabrics , a needles installed with the gun and 1,000 barbs fasteners .
remote dialing answering corded telephone with remote answering pendant . answer and dial the phone without touching it . using the remote pendant can dial phone from numbers you program into the phonebook or answer an incoming call . big display and buttons are easy to see and use . talking caller id announces the caller , so you know who it is without having to read . includes one-touch dialing function for two numbers . pendant uses button battery ( included ) answer or place a call using the remote pendant big buttons and display with back light are easy to view and use talking caller id announces the name so you know who is calling without even looking supports english , french and spanish 30-name phonebook includes voice tags for talking caller id 64-memory caller id
weighmax digital postal scale , black ( w-2822-35-blk ) . weighmax 35 lbs postal scales were designed for weighing both letters and packages . with an accuracy of 0.2 ounces , it is fully capable of weighing first class letters for the post office . these digital postage scales feature mode switching , tare and hold buttons for your convenience . it also auto-hold the weight after a package has been placed on it , so you never lose sight of it when doing your postage labels . batteries and an ac adapter included . backed by a 10 year limited warranty .
wall mounted chalkboard size : 3 ' h x 5 ' w . oc3660nt size : 3 ' h x 5 ' w features : -factory mounted hangers . -color : black . -frame is solid red oak with a high gloss finish . -made in usa . -is not magnetic . product type : -chalkboard . style : -wall mounted . application : -commercial . color : -black . country of manufacture : -united states . framed : -yes . frame material : -wood . size 1'6 '' h x 2 ' w - size : -mini - up to 2 ' . size 2 ' h x 3 ' w - size : -small 2 ' - 4 ' . size 3 ' h x 5 ' w - size : -medium 4 ' - 6 ' . dimensions : -size:0.5 '' d. size 1 ' h x 1'6 '' w - overall height - top to bottom : -12 '' . size 1 ' h x 1'6 '' w - overall length - side to side : -18 '' . size 1'6 '' h x 2 ' w - overall height - top to bottom : -18 '' . size 1'6 '' h x 2 ' w - overall length - side to side : -24 '' . size 2 ' h x 3 ' w - overall height - top to bottom : -24 '' . size 2 ' h x 3 ' w - overall length - side to side : -36 '' . size 2 ' h x 3 ' w - overall product weight : -3 lbs . size 3 ' h x 4 ' w - overall length - side to side : -48 '' . size 3 ' h x 5 ' w - overall height - top to bottom : -36 '' .
black chalk board size : 36 '' h x 48 '' w . oc3648nt size : 36 '' h x 48 '' w features : -chalk board . -black . -available in 18 '' , 24 '' , 36 '' , 48 '' or 60 '' width sizes . -frame is solid red oak with a high gloss finish . -factory mounted hangers . -made in usa . specifications : -18 '' marker board dimensions : 12 '' h x 18 '' w. -24 '' marker board dimensions : 18 '' h x 24 '' w. -36 '' marker board dimensions : 24 '' h x 36 '' w. -48 '' marker board dimensions : 36 '' h x 48 '' w. -60 '' marker board dimensions : 36 '' h x 60 '' w .
awesometoner remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for hp 901xl cc654an ( black ) . hp remanufactured 901xl black ink cartridge
via 3-drawer mobile pedestal . 401443 features : -three drawer pedestal . -lower drawer with full extension slides holds letter , legal or european size hanging files . -patented t-lock drawer system . -two small drawers with metal runners and safety stops . product type : -vertical filing cabinet . finish : -cherry . style : -contemporary . locking : -yes . commercial use : -yes ; no . wheels included : -yes . drawers included : -yes . number of drawers : -3. drawer type : -legal letter . generic dimensions : -28.5 '' h x 15.5 '' w x 19.5 '' d , 69 lbs . dimensions : overall height - top to bottom : -28.5. overall width - side to side : -15.5. overall depth - front to back : -19.5. overall product weight : -69 .
hp officejet 6500a plus e-all-in-one ( cn557a # b1h ) . ideal for small offices , this wireless all-in-one printer makes it affordable to produce vivid color graphics and sharp text documents in-house . directly print from the internet with the web-enabled touch screen and free business appsno pc required . hp eprint gives you the ability to send files from your smartphone to your printer whether youre across the room or across town . reduce the amount of paper you use with automatic two-sided printing . fast output speeds and automatic document feeder help you stay productive . set of four individual inks make printing more affordable . print technology : inkjet ; maximum print speed ( black ) : 32.0 ppm ; maximum print speed ( color ) : 31.0 ppm ; network ready : yes . print professional color business materials for the lowest cost per page vs. in-class inkjet all-in-ones with the hp officejet 6500a plus e-all-in-one , which delivers maximum prints speeds of 32 pages per minute black and 31 ppm color . print , fax , copy , scan-this wireless , ethernet-ready all-in-one does it all and saves you money with individual inks and high-capacity cartridges and by using up to 40 % less energy than comparable laser products . store your business documents on the web and quickly access and print them directly from this inkjet printer using print apps and the 2.36 '' color touchscreen . you can also quickly fax files or scan to a pc or e-mail and use hp eprint to send photos , documents and more from any mobile device directly to the hp officejet 6500a plus e-all-in-one . the hp officejet 6500a plus e-all-in-one has a 250-page paper tray and a 35-page automatic document feeder , handles a range of paper types and cuts down on paper usage with automatic two-sided printing . it also meets changing business needs by allowing you to connect to your pc with hi-speed usb 2.0 or print without a pc using memory card slots . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? print professional color for the lowest cost per page vs. in-class inkjets1save on paper with automatic two-sided printingsend print jobs from any mobile device with e-mail capability using hp eprint2use airprint to print from ipad , iphone or ipod touch3 enlargefunctions web connectedaccess and print from the web using the color display and apps hp eprintif you can e-mail it , you can print it using hp eprint2 airprintsimply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.3 featuresenlargebuilt-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documentsauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed up to 32 pages per minute black , up to 31 ppm color4 ; 4 '' x 6 '' photo as fast as 17 seconds scan resolution up to 4800-dpi opticalcopyreduce enlarge 25 % 400 % paper handling 3 '' x 4 '' to 8.5 '' x 30 '' ; up to 7,000 pages per monthenlargeremember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink5920420 pages920xl1,200 pages920300 pages920xl700 pages920300 pages920xl700 pages920300 pages920xl700 pages recommended hp paper hp advanced photo paperhp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet paper more informationdatasheet ( pdf ) product overview which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by side see comparison chart compared to inkjet aios with fax < $ 200 from major vendors as of march 2010. for details , see http : www.hp.com go officejet . excludes hp officejet pro aios . oj cpp based on iso yield of products offered as of september 2010 with highest-capacity cartridges based on continuous printing . for details see http : www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies.requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any internet- and email-capable device . print times may vary . for a list of supported documents and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter.supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . after first page ; see www.hp.com go inkjetprinter for details.average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . some ink from included cartridge is used to start up the printer . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies .
icon time rtc1000 2.5 universal employee time clock . a big business solution with a small business price the best-selling rtc-1000 2.5 universal time clock system comes with everything a business needs to begin collecting punch data and immediately saving time and money . whether your time keeping needs are basic or complex , and whether your computer skills are minimal or that of an it expert , the rtc-1000 is a truly user friendly automated solution that is easily scalable to suit your varying business needs and resources . employees easily clock in with a unique id number or with a badge at the time clock . employees stay informed & can see the number of hours worked for that day or for the week at the clock . supervisors , can easily access the time clock data anytime to edit , monitor employee hours and generate reports . do this from your computer , over the network or even remotely over the internet from a remote location with the right set up ! plug & play simplicity - no software to install ! all software is embedded right in the clock ! simply connect the time clock to a computer of your choice or directly to your network , with no complicated installation or expensive licenses to buy . internet connection not required . benefits * offers both keypad and prox badge entry - comes with 15 bonus badges ! * user friendly design and navigation * compatible with windows , mac and linux pc ' * pay no monthly subscription fees features * proactive : alerts managers before overtime , of missed punches & more * customizable : ethernet , usb , internet , or serial port connection * flexible : supports all pay period types * customize employee pin ( 3-9 digits * plug directly into a computer if internet access is not available * calculate standard , overtime , and consecutive day ( california ) overtime * unlimited multi-pc access via network * real-time data - no polling required
hp laserjet pro m1536dnf multifunction printer . hp laserjet pro m1536dnf mfp designed with office productivity in mind , the hp laserjet pro m1536dnf delivers professional-quality documents with bold text and sharp images and has built-in wired networking so you and your colleagues can easily share printing , scanning , copying and faxing resources . fax directly to and from a pc and control fax access with assigned pins , and copy both sides of an id card onto a single-sided document . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outer ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? save paper with automatic two-sided printing share resources with ethernet networking send print jobs from any mobile device with e-mail capability using hp eprint1 use airprint to print from ipad , iphone or ipod touch2 fax directly to and from a pc ; control fax access with pins enlargefunctions hp eprint if you can e-mail it , you can print it using hp eprint1 airprintsimply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.2 features enlargebuilt-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screen manage your printer easilyexpandable memory add more memory ( sold separately ) to handle complex print jobs with easehigh-capacity paper tray refill paper less often with a tray that holds 250 sheets or moreauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed up to 26 pages per minute ; first page out as fast as 8.5 seconds3 fax up to 400-page fax memory , up to 120 speed dial numbers scan resolution up to 1200-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 14 '' copy reduce enlarge 25 % 400 % paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 8,000 pages per month enlarge remember original hp toner and paper save with x cartridges and combo packs recommended hp toner4 78a black 2,100 pages recommended hp paper hp laserjet paper hp premium choice laserjet paper more informationdatasheet ( pdf ) product overview which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by sidesee comparison chart requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any internet- and email-capable device . print times may vary . for a list of supported documents and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . some hp laserjet products will require a firmware upgrade.supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . exact speed varies depending on system configuration , software application , driver , and document complexity . based on iso iec 19752 and continuous printing . actual yields vary considerably based on images printed and other factors . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies .
kings brand multifunctional laptop table stand with cooling fan & usb ports . multifunctional laptop table stand with cooling fan & usb ports : height is adjustable for the perfect position , notebook stand with adjustable angle . two independent trays , build in mouse pad , usb cooling fan . folding legs , compartment for pens , pencils . 4 ports usb hub . usb light with 3 led lamps , easy to store , easy to transport , ergonomic design .
frostfire dual function home security bar - silver . the frostfire 5dual-function security bar is a great way to secure your home against intruders as it reinforces doors and bars entry . the security bar is designed for use with both standard hinged doors and sliding patio doors so that , with multiple bars , you will be able to defend every doorway in your home against unwanted entry -- without resorting to costly security doors . the bar can be wedged at an angle against standard doors or positioned between the closed door and the frame of sliding doors -- positions that prevent either kind of door from being forced open . to ensure that the frostfire 5014 dual-function security bar doesnt ruin your flooring or the paintwork on your door , it has a non-marking yoke at its head , which is designed to sit under the doorknob of a standard door and can be removed when you need to secure a sliding door , as well as a padded foot . built from 20-gauge steel , this super-strong bar is capable of withstanding 150 kg of pressure -- ensuring your home remains safe against forced entry through a door . it extends from 78 to 115 cm in length and has a pivoting ball joint at the base to ensure tight contact with the floor .
esky usb automatic barcode scanner scanning barcode bar-code reader wireless 2.4ghz handheld cordless bar-code reader usb rechargeable wireless wired for pos system . esky - sky of electronics specifications : - increased productivity , lower tco - high performance scanning - durable , future-proof construction - scanner type : bi-directional - light source : 650-670nm ( visible ) - scan rate : 100 scans second - resolution : 0.10mm ( 4mil ) pcs 0.9 - depth of field : 0-600mm ( 0.33mm.pcs 90 % ) - reading distance : 2.5-600mm ( 100 % upc ean ) - print contrast : 30 % min - dimension : 165mm*63mm*87mm - barcode types : ean-8 , ean-13 , upc-a , upc-e , code 39 , code 93 , code 128 , ean128 , codabar , industrial 2 of 5 , interleave 2 of 5.matrix 2 of 5 , msi , chinese postcode and more - scanning angle : inclination angle 45 , elevation angle 60 - scan scope : 18cm - bit error rate : 1 3million - fall test : 1.8m drop on concrete surface - interface : keyboard wedge , rs232.usb and more . - power voltage : 5v - working current : 57ma package content : - 1 x barcode scanner - 1 x english user manual - 1 x standing bracket seller warranty - 30-day money back guarantee - 12 month replacement warranty - lifetime support guarantee
dragonpad place invisible ink pen and black light - 4 pack . secret message invisible ink pen with uv light : pack of 4 ... ... . communicate secret messages to your friends . simply write a message with the invisible ink pen , then light up your message with the mini uv light ; to see what was written down . 4 pieces included in package
sophia global compatible ink cartridge replacement set for canon pgi-220 cli-221 ( pack of 5 : 1 pgi-220 large black , 1 cli-221 small black , 1 cyan , 1 magenta , 1 yellow ) . our compatible canon pgi-220 and cli-221 series is backed by an industry-leading two year manufacturer warranty and money-back guarantee and is designed to work in the following printers : canon pixma ip3600 , pixma ip4600 , pixma ip4700 , pixma mp560 , pixma mp620 , pixma mp640 , pixma mp980 , pixma mp990 , pixma mx860 , pixma mx870 , pixma pmfp1 , pixma pmfp3 , pixma sfp1 , pixma sfp2 , pixus mp610 , pixus mx860
canon imageclass mf4570dn laser multifunction printer ( 4509b020aa ) . the imageclass mf4570dn is a new laser multifunction printer with duplex versatility , efficient energy smodes , and advanced paper handling for your home or small office . the imageclass mf4570dn is a reliable , multifunction solution for any home or small business office . featured in an eye-catching piano black design , it offers canon 's renowned quality and durability along with a variety of features aimed at improving office efficiency . view larger view larger view larger duplex versatility print on two sides  use half the paper ! two-sided output for printing , copying and receiving faxes saves space and reduces paper consumption . high performance why waste time ? with canon  s quick first print technology , the first print will arrive in approximately 6 seconds . the mf4570dn can print or copy up to 26 ppm cpm . the fast super g3 fax includes over 100 convenient speed dials ( 4 one-touch and 100 coded ) , as well as a generous 256-page fax memory . compact design with a small footprint , the canon imageclass mf4570 is specifically designed for home small office placement and provides convenient access to the office functions you require . built-in networking sharing the mf4570dn is easy with the built-in ethernet connectivity . you can share the convenience of network printing , scanning , and pc faxing . improved usability & maintenance easily complete tasks with the large 5-line lcd . on screen animations assist you with tasks such as changing cartridges . the canon single-cartridge system combines toner & drum into a single unit  no messy toner changes . toner cartridge recycling program canon toner cartridges are 100 % recovered with zero landfill waste . energy saving mode when the imageclass mf4570dn enters the energy saving mode , it has a low power consumption of 3 watts of energy . operating system windows server 2008 vista  xp 2000 mac os x 10.4.9 - 10.6 what 's in the box mf4570dn starter cartridge 128 setup instructions manuals power cord user software cd-rom registration card warranty card
sterilite supply box . the supply box is conveniently-sized to help students and teachers organize and transport bulky school and stationery supplies . the tinted lid and clear base allow contents to be seen from any angle .
wilton basic thank you cards - 100 count . wilton 's wedding products offer elegance and simplicity to add to your special event . these invitations are lovely used as is or embellished with your own touches . value-packaged and priced . includes 100 invitations and mailing envelopes , 3 test sheets . invitations are white in color . each card measures 3.5 x 5 inches and thank you is written in silver
mbm mbm93m mbm 93m tabletop - manual paper folder . mbm fo0616 tabletop - manual paper folder~150 sheet capacity - ~7,200 max sheets hour - ~up to 8.5 '' x 14 '' paper size - ~16 to 80 lb paper weight - ~color-coded plate graphics - ~easy , push-button operation - ~batch total program counter - ~powered exit w extended tray - ~letter , half , parallel
fellowes designer suites compact keyboard tray , black ( 8017801 ) . fully adjustable keyboard tray enhances comfort in smaller workspaces . simply loosen single knob to adjust tray height and tilt , then retighten to lock in position . warning trak keeps mouse from sliding off platform . for both right and left-handed mousing . includes soothing memory foam wrist supports with microban antimicrobial protection .
brother hl4570cdw color laser printer with wireless networking and duplex . the brother hl4570cdw color laser printer with wireless networking and duplex features up to 30ppm color and black printing , automatic duplex printing , wireless , ethernet and hi-speed usb 2.0 interfaces , up to 2400 x 600 dpi resolution and usb direct interface . it produces brilliant , high-quality output at an impressive print speed of up to 30 pages per minute in color and black .
brother genuine drum unit , dr310cl , seamless integration , yields up to 25,000 pages , color . business professionals who have invested money in high-quality brother products expect the same from replacement supplies . the brother genuine dr-310cl color drum unit is a replacement drum for use with 6 different brother color laser printers and all-in-ones , intelligently engineered as part of a complete printing system . these genuine replacement drum units are produced with precision to deliver vibrant , sharp , text and graphics with every page printed . the dr-310cl drum unit yields approximately 25,000 pages ( 1 ) when used with brother genuine toner cartridges ( sold separately ) . brother is dedicated to keeping the environment safe and produces our replacement products in iso-certified factories . we offer several environmentally-responsible ways for our customers to dispose of their brother branded products once they have served their purpose . brother genuine replacement supplies are backed by brothers at your side warranty and customers enjoy lifetime tech support for the life of their printers . the brother dr310cl drum unit is for use with hl4150cdn , hl4570cdw , hl4570cdwt , mfc9460cdn , mfc9560cdw , mfc9970cdw . ( 1 ) drum yield is approx. , and may vary by type of use .
pyramid timetrax elite ttproxek automated proximity time clock system with software - made in usa . automate employee time and attendance for mid-size workforces with the pyramid ttproxek proximity time clock system . employees simply wave a proximity badge near the time clock terminal to instantly record arrival times , breaks , lunches or departure times . features a keypad for optional supervisor-approved card number entry . this plug and play system easily connects using a standard ethernet cable to have you up and running in a matter of minutes . includes feature-rich time and attendance software with no monthly fees . allows you to edit , view up to 13 payroll reports , and export payroll data customized for most major payroll providers . includes payroll groups , employee groups , special pay categories , and optional department code upgrade . automatically calculates overtime and adjusts for holiday and vacation pay . select weekly , bi-weekly , semi-monthly or monthly payroll periods . ready to handle up to 50 employees ( includes 15 badges ) and is easily expandable to an unlimited number of employees with software upgrades , additional proximity badges and terminals . includes time clock terminal , timetrax software , 15 prox badges and all connections . proudly made in the usa . pyramid is an original equipment time clock manufacturer in the united states and has been producing time clocks since 1969. pyramid time systems takes pride in designing , engineering and manufacturing quality products using premium materials right here in the united states . all of our time clocks , time clock systems , wireless clocks and accessories undergo rigorous operation , endurance and temperature testing to guarantee optimum performance , dependability and customer satisfaction . attendance system offers easy-to-use , proximity technology . simply wave the proximity card in front of the terminal and to clock in and out . timetrax prox system is ethernet lan-compatible with multi-time zone functionality and has a battery backup memory . standard capacity of 50 employees is expandable to 6,000. exporting capability to major payroll systems includes adp , paychex , quickbooks , and more . unlimited , overtime rule configurations include time-and-a-half , double-time , special saturday , sunday or seventh day overtime work rules . attendance system accommodates weekly , biweekly , semimonthly , and monthly payrolls . system includes 15 proximity badges and the timetrax software .
hp envy 100 e-all-in-one d410a printer ( cn517a # b1h ) . enjoy wireless , web-connected printing with our sleek-looking and compact envy 100 e-all-in-one d410a . its high-resolution touchscreen will redefine the way you print , copy , and scan at home . and this is the world 's first pvc-free printer . get impressive photos and projects from the web using snapfish . access and print web content without a pc using customizable print apps . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? high-resolution color touchscreen makes it easy to print , copy and scan quickly print from the web without a pc1 send print jobs from any mobile device with e-mail capability using hp eprint2 use airprint to print from ipad , iphone or ipod touch3enlargespecial offer functions enlarge web connectedaccess and print from the web using the color display and apps hp eprint if you can e-mail it , you can print it using hp eprint2 airprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.3 features enlarge built-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documentsauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed up to 30 pages per minute black , up to 25 ppm color4 ; 4 '' x 6 '' photo as fast as 70 seconds scanresolution up to 1200-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 11.69 '' copymaximum number of copies , up to 50paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 11.69 '' ; up to 1,000 pages per monthwireless wireless 802.11nremember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink560200 pages60xl600 pages60165 pages60xl440 pages recommended hp paper hp advanced photo paperhp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet papermore informationdatasheet ( pdf ) which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best side-by-side see comparison chart requires a wireless access point and an internet connection to the printer . services may require registration . apps availability varies by country and language . for details , http : www.hp.com go eprintercenter.requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any internet- and email-capable device . print times may vary . for a list of supported documents and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter.supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries.after first page ; see www.hp.com go inkjetprinter for details.average based on iso iec 24711 or hp testing methodology and continuous printing . actual yield varies considerably based on content of printed pages and other factors . some ink from included cartridge is used to start up the printer . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies .
magtek 21040110 mini usb swipe rdr msr track 1 2 usb kybrd emulation blk 6ft cab . main featuresmanufacturer supplier : magtek , incmanufacturer part number : 21040110manufacturer website address : brand name : magtekproduct name : magnetic stripe swipe card readerproduct type : magnetic stripe readermagnetic stripe track configuration : dual trackminimum swipe speed : 3 in smaximum swipe speed : 50 in sinterfaces ports : usb 2.0 usb , keyboard wedgecolor : blackheight : 1.2 '' width : 1.3 '' length : 3.9 '' weight ( approximate ) : 5.80 ozpackage contents : magnetic stripe swipe card reader , interface cable
excelmark self inking notary stamp - all 50 states . get a customized notary stamp that meets your specified state requirements -- we will email you shortly after purchasing to get your information . if you do notary work outside work outside the office , consider two -- one to leave at the office and one to take with you on the road ! this self inking stamp is ideal for rapid , repetitive stamping because the die automatically re-inks itself by rotating into a self-contained , double-sided ink pad . ordinary ink pads offer a certain number of impressions before they begin to fade . when this happens , the pad needs to be re-inked or replaced . not so with a reversible pad . when the impressions begins to fade , simply slide the pad out , flip it over , and reinsert to instantly double the life . not recommended for glossy and non-porous surfaces . california : by law , you must mail your original `` certificate of authorization to obtain or manufacture a seal '' before we can manufacture your notary stamp . oregon & arizona : due to state regulations , you must e-mail or fax your `` certificate of authorization to obtain or manufacture a seal '' before we can manufacture your notary stamp .
epson chip resetter for epson cartridges with chips . chip resetter for epson 7 pint ink cartridge
royal 14 sheet micro cut shredder ( mc14mx ) . 14 sheet micro cut shredder.a few pieces of shredded paper may be found inside the shredder and the waste basket . this is normal . all royal shredders are tested at the factory to insure quality.for any further queries please contact royal 's technical support number @ 1-800-272-6229 . with over 100 years experience manufacturing office equipment , royal has played a major role in the evolution of the paper shredder . the mc14mx is one of our finest efforts in personal home office shredders . this 14 sheet cross-cut paper shredder offers all the power and reliability needed in today 's environment . with the added ability to shred cds , dvds and credit cards , the mc14mx offers the most comprehensive method of protecting all your personal and business information . the clear window 8.5 gallon slide out wastebasket makes it easy to dispose of all your destroyed information . a separate cutting slot insures that cds and dvds are completely shredded , destroying all your digital information . a separate cutting slot insures that credit cards are completely shredded , destroying all your sensitive information . attention to details make the difference . it 's the details that make the mc14mx special . it can shred up to 14 sheets of paper in a single pass into small 4 mm x 10 mm micro-cut shreds . separate slots are provided for shredding cds , dvds and credit cards . this makes the mc14mx perfect for destroying personal information . do n't become a victim of identity theft . the mc14mx has an easy slide out 8.5 gallon wastebasket that holds approximately 575 sheets of shredded paper . the clear viewing window in the front enables you to see when the wastebasket needs emptying . locking casters allows the unit to easily move from room the room . identify theft is the fastest growing crime in america . protecting yourself from identify theft is the reason why every home and business should have a paper shredder . royal believes this by offering one of the largest lines of affordable paper shredders that are designed to meet the demands of today 's world . the mc14mx is the perfect personal home office console shredder . the powerful one horsepower motor shreds up to 14 sheets of paper at one time into small unreadable pieces . the mc14mx also shreds cds , dvds and credit cards - completely destroying all printed and digital information . the classic console design , with a clear window wastebasket , makes the mc14mx stylish enough for any home or home office . form and function is the theme of the mc14mx . the sturdy classic console design is the perfect accent to any office environment . the well thought-out design makes this unit easy to operate and maintain . its large 8 3 4 '' opening , conveniently located towards the front , makes feeding up to 14 sheets of paper effortless . royal knows the mc14mx will be perfect for your personal and home office needs . what 's in the box mc14mx console-style micro-cut paper shredder with built-in power cord , 8.5 gallon clear window slide out wastebasket and instruction manual .
kodak esp 3250 all-in-one printer for us . eastman kodak - kodak easyshare esp 3250 inkjet multifunction printer - color - photo print - desktop printer , copier , scanner - 30ppm mono 29ppm color print - 29 second photo - 2400 x 1200dpi print - 30cpm mono 29cpm color copy - 1200dpi optical scan - 100 sheets input what if you could get vivid color documents and lab-quality photos at home for a whole lot less than you 're paying now ? all you need is the kodak esp 3250 all-in-one printer . the secret is our low-cost , high-quality pigment ink cartridges that give you all the bright colors and sharp text you expect for just a fraction of the price . say goodbye to overpriced ink . print , copy , scan and save every day with kodak .
cross screw-in converter for cross fountain pens ( 8756 ) , fits century ii , atx , peerless 125 , botanica , bailey , beverly , apogee , and sauvage fountain pens . screw-in converter for cross fountain pens enables the use of bottled ink in place of fountain pen ink cartridges . compatible with century ii , atx , peerless 125 , botanica , bailey , beverly , apogee , and sauvage fountain pens .
griffin gc16034 elevator stand for laptops . lift your laptop to a comfortable viewing height and reclaim your desktop . elevator 's sturdy brushed aluminum and minimal design go great with any desk decor . elevator holds your portable computer safely and securely at just the right height to match external monitors and to save your aching neck . elevator conforms to health and safety standards , making your laptop safer and more comfortable to use all day long . healthycomputing.com , the premier source for office ergonomics , recommends positioning the top of your screen level with your eyes and sitting at least an arm 's length from the screen . both of these key ergonomic standards are made possible using elevator with an external keyboard .
fargo dtc1000 dual sided id card printer ( 47100 ) . general informationmanufacturer : fargo electronicsmanufacturer part number:47100manufacturer website address : www.fargo.combrand name : fargoproduct model : dtc1000product name : dtc1000 card printer dual sidedproduct type : dye sublimation thermal transfer printertechnical informationrecommended use : card printprint color : colormaximum mono print speed:7 secondmaximum color print speed:24 secondmaximum print resolution:300 dpimaximum print width:2.11 '' memorystandard memory:32 mbinterfaces portsusb : yesmedia types & handlingmedia type : adhesive backed cardmedia type : pvc cardmedia type : polyester cardmedia type : optical media cardmedia size:3.38 '' x 2.13 '' - cr-80 cardmedia size:3.31 '' x 2.06 '' - cr79 cardmedia
hp laserjet pro cp1525nw color printer ( ce875a ) . create your own professional-quality color documents on a compact , easy-to-use printer with wireless and ethernet connectivity . print from anywhere with hp eprint and save on energy and print black documents affordably . it ensures bold text and smooth color . you can get excellent print quality automatically on text , images and graphics with hp easycolor . it can be easily installed and can start printing quickly . it easily operates and maintains the printer with the in-device help menu . it prints on a wide range of paper sizes-from 3 x 5 to 8.5 x 14 inches . the pre-configured shortcuts optimize output quality , based on the media selected achieves great results . easily adjust spot colors and apply them throughout a document with basic color-match settings . this printer saves energy , plus start and finishes your print job faster with instant-on technology . equipped with built-in ethernet and wireless 802.11b g n networking so you can share printing with your colleagues , the compact hp laserjet pro cp1525nw color printer gives you high-quality , affordable color and helps you save on energy and office space . print from anywhere in the world with this innovative laser printer , which lets you send photos , documents and more from any mobile device directly to your printer with hp eprint . with the hp laserjet pro cp1525nw , you can start and finish your prints jobs faster with instant-on technology , which reduces energy use up to 50 % and you can also print only the web content you need , neatly and accurately , with hp smart web printing . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outer ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? wireless , professional-quality color printing1 send print jobs from any mobile device with e-mail capability using hp eprint2 use airprint to print from ipad , iphone or ipod touch3 easy to set up , use and maintain enlarge functions hp eprint if you can e-mail it , you can print it using hp eprint2 airprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.3 features enlarge built-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cables built-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple people two-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automatically memory card slotsprint photos without using a pc color lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily expandable memory add more memory ( sold separately ) to handle complex print jobs with ease high-capacity paper tray refill paper less often with a tray that holds 250 sheets or more auto document feeder print multiple pages automatically included not included specifications print speed up to 12 pages per minute black , up to 8 ppm color4 print from wireless 802.11b g n , ethernet , usb , pc mac paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 30,000 pages per month enlarge remember original hp toner and paper save with x cartridges and combo packs recommended hp toner5 128a black 1,200 pages 128a cyan 1,000 pages 128a magenta 1,000 pages 128a yellow 1,000 pages recommended hp paper hp laserjet paper hp premium choice laserjet paper more information datasheet ( pdf ) product overview which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by side see comparison chart wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from access point , and may be limited during active vpn connections . requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any internet- and email-capable device . print times may vary . for a list of supported documents and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . some hp laserjet products will require a firmware upgrade . supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . exact speed varies depending on system configuration , software application , driver , and document complexity . based on iso iec 19752 and continuous printing . actual yields vary considerably based on images printed and other factors . for details see www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies .
brother monochrome laser printer hl2240 . the hl-2240 is a compact , monochrome laser printer . perfect for home or home office use , it features fast printing at up to 24ppm , up to 2400 x 600 dpi resolution for high-quality output and a toner save mode for less critical business documents . in addit
giinii gn-5ls nulife full page picture scanner with 2.4-inch lcd screen-black . giinii nulife 2.4inch lcd full size portable photo scanner a message from suzie at giinii : how often have you looked at your old photo album and wished you could share them with friends via email or posting them on facebook or myspace ? giinii ( pronounced `` genie '' like the magical friend in the lamp ) is proud to introduce the nulife 2.4 '' lcd `` full size '' photo scanner  the perfect companion to help digitally scan , store and share your life ! all of your printed photos , from your trip around the world to old school photos can be converted to digital and therefore shareable files . insert your own sd card and then with just one touch , you can scan and preview your photos directly on the 2.4 '' lcd screen for instant feedback so you know the scan is exactly how you want it . once converted to a digital jpeg file , remove the memory card and pop it into one of our digital picture frames to see it on a bigger screen or copy it on to your computer to share it via email or posting on your favorite web site . this scanner has it all ! pat the dust off those old photos and start digitizing today ! easy to use . compact and portable . no pc required . let me know if you have any questions ; tell me what you think : suz @ giinii.com giinii nulife 2.4 '' lcd `` full size '' photo scanner ( gn-5ls ) highlights why we call it `` full size '' scan up to 8.5 '' x11 ''  any photo , including those large full-page class photos and those glamour shots from the mall . plus , you can scan things that aren  t photos , sush as diplomas , important documents , receipts , business cards , etc . lots of flexibility since you can change the feeder to fit up to a full 8.5 '' wide document . ready to use  no pc required insert a memory card into the 3-1 card slot easy one-touch to scan photos and documents into jpeg format preview photos directly on the 2.4 '' lcd screen , plus zoom in and out on the image while in preview mode portable and lightweight our compact scanner is small and lightweight , making it easy to take to parties , reunions  just about anywhere . two ways to view scanned images on your pc plug the scanner right into the pc with the included usb cord remove memory card and plug it into your pc ( memory card is not included ) share your digital files via email or modify and edit for a digital scrapbook best customer support in the industry ! over 90 % customer satisfaction 7-days a week toll-free , phone-in support , plus web support , product tutorials webinars
hewlett packard bt861at hp single monitor arm . the hp single monitor arm is the perfect desk accessory for your work life . sleek and streamlined , the hp single monitor arm is designed to complement the way you work .
dymo labelmanager 420p high performance rechargeable portable label maker with pc or mac connection ( 1768815 ) . portable label maker 's powerful lithium-ion battery charges quickly and lasts long . recharge via usb or adapter . label printer 's large 4-line graphical display shows exactly how your label will print . uses easy-peel , split-back d1 tape ( 1 4- , 3 8- , or 1 2-inch sizes ) . thermal printing creates labels with no ink or toner . 8 fonts , 7 font sizes and 10 text styles . prints 6 bar code types : upc-e , code 39 , code -128 , ean 13 , ean 8 , and upc-a.compatible with windows 7 or later and mac os x v10.8 or later . microsoft and windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of microsoft corporation in the united states and or other countries . mac and os x are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries .
ion omni scan stand-alone image and slide scanner . rediscover your long-lost slides and film negatives with omni scan . this all-in-one digital image converter transforms your images from outdated to updated without the need of a computer . omni scan 's 5.1 mega pixel sensor scans your negatives quickly and with clarity to the standard jpeg image file format . omni scan 's full-color lcd screen allows you to enjoy your converted images immediately , or you can also connect omni scan directly to your tv and view your images on the big screen ! omni scan 's sd card slot and usb connection make transferring photos extremely easy . the omni scan accepts sd sdhc cards up to 32gb . quickly upload your photos over to a computer , digital picture frame , cellphone or virtually any other device . omni scan is the fun , fast and all-in-one solution to converting your slides and negatives to digital images .
dell 2155cn multifunction color laser printer , which can serve as your scanner , copier , fax machine and printer with 1 year next business day service after remote diagnosis . get crisp and fast color laser printing from the 2155cn laser printer from dell . with a native print resolution of up to 600 x 600 dpi , your color documents will always look sharp .
brtdr110cl - brother dr110cl drum unit . trust this oem laser drum unit for superior results . keeps your machine printing accurate , crisp pages . replace all four drums with one easy cartridge installation . device types : multifunction laser printer colors : black cyan magenta yellow page-yield : 17000 supply type : drum unit .
besta cd-737p 2 way chinese-english sentence translator electronic dictionary . besta cd737p 2-way chineseenglish sentence translator electronic dictionary
bush furniture envoy 3 drawer file cabinet in natural cherry . the bush furniture envoy 3 drawer pedestal helps organize your office without taking up much space . designed to seamlessly match coordinating envoy items , the 3 drawer pedestal includes 2 box drawers for office supplies and a full-extension file drawer for letter and legal-sized paperwork . drawers with sleek silver finish hardware open on smooth ball-bearing slides for an easy reach to contents at the back . enjoy the stylish grooved edge banding accents and durable construction , which provide superior resistance to scratches and stains . get the extra storage and filing space you need , plus organize cables with integrated wire management . see the full collection for coordinating items . solid construction meets ansi bifma standards for safety and performance . envoy is backed by a 10 year warranty . the file cabinet comes in 3 attractive cherry finishes . american made with u.s. and imported parts .
at & t el52100 dect 6.0 cordless phone with digital answering system and caller id , handset speakerphone , wall-mountable , silver black . troubleshooting ~ '' wo n't charge '' .
alera aleel41me10b elusion series mesh high-back multifunction chair , black . multifunction mechanism with seat glide allows back angle adjustment relative to seat , adjustable tilt ( free floating or infinite locking positions ) and forward tilt . cool , breathable mesh back . contoured seat cushion with premium fabric upholstery and waterfall edge to help relieve pressure on legs . height-and width-adjustable arms with soft polyurethane pads . five-star base with casters for easy mobility .
canon usa inc canon ipf605 24in printer- no stand . this imageprograf ipf605 is designed to support the printing needs of technical document users working with cad ( computer-aided design ) , gis ( geographic information systems ) , and aec ( architecture , engineering , and construction ) applications as well as users in general office environments . aimed to be an affordable solution for personal and small workgroup users producing large format technical drawings , the streamlined ipf605 is offered as a desktop model , without a cassette tray for a minimized footprint . now with the option to pair the printer with a large format stand , the ipf605 represents a versatile large format printing solution .
personalized business desk name plate with card holder - includes engraving . customization instructions : approximately one hour after you order you will receive an automated email from us , please reply to that email stating your customization .
desk name plate in rosewood with the gold leaf style free engraving . desk name plate in rosewood with the gold leaf style free engraving
sandusky 400 series black steel lateral file cabinet with plastic handle , 30 '' width x 27-1 4 '' height x 18 '' depth , 2 drawers . 400 series lateral file cabinets . full drawer extension on genuine progressive telescoping ball-bearing slides provide smooth , trouble-free operation . built-in drawer interlock system prevents more than one drawer from opening at a time , reducing the chance of cabinet tip over . single lock system secures all drawers with one key ( two keys included ) . adjustable leg levelers keep cabinets level in any type of surface extra deep drawers accommodates hanging rails for letter or legal size files . rolled or hemmed edge drawer sides for strength , rigidity and safety . cross bar kits ( not included ) available for front-to-back filing . powder coat finish . plastic handle . 2 drawers . black color . measures 30 '' width by 27-1 4 '' height by 18 '' depth .
att cl82300 dect 6.0 digital 3-handset cordless phone with digital answering system . the at & t cl82300 dect 6.0 digital transmission delivers crystal clear calls . the wi-fi friendly dect 6.0 frequency offers clearer calls than 5.8ghz or 2.4ghz phones . this means you 'll experience even less interference from other phones or appliances , so you can enjoy static-free phone conversations up to 900 feet from the base without disturbing your computer wireless network . this expandable system supports up to 12 handsets , which can all share a single phone jack . the built-in digital answering machine saves you money and desk space . you can also know who 's calling with the caller id call waiting capability . also 50-number phonebook saves you time and effort .
hercules opteka x-stand ergonomic portable natural airflow metal cooling stand for all 12-17 '' laptop notebook computers . the hercules x-stand is a simple solution to a problem that laptops have has since they were introduced . poor air flow is now a problem of the past . the x-stand creates a 1 '' space between your laptop and the surface it sits on which results in a amazing airflow improvement . the compact size and light weight makes it ideal to have in your laptop bag , brief case , or even your pocket .
auction tickets - 500 sheets - green . 27 part ticket consists of : 500 consecutively numbered sheets with:1 hold this stub , 1 door prize ticket , 25 bidding tickets .
rosewill rsh-407cb 7-sheet cross-cut paper , credit card and staples shredder . document security is more important than ever in today 's identity thief-filled world . proper discarded document destruction is one more way to protect you , your family and your business from being victims of fraud . the rosewill rsh-407cb shredder offers a convenient way you can confidently destroy sensitive media thoroughly and safely . the rsh-407cb cuts 7 sheets of 2.0 lbs ( 75 gsm ) paper at once , creating particles that are hard to reverse engineer . adding to the overall efficiency is the fact that it also could take credit card and staple . ensure your privacy and important information is protected with the rosewill rsh-407cb shredder today . specifications auto start stop : yes , electronic run time : 2min on 50min off wastebin capacity : 2.64 gallons shredder type : cross-cut single sheet speed ( ft . min . ) : 9.84 sheet capacity : 7 wastebin included : yes shred size : 0.20 '' x 1.65 '' depth : 5.91 '' height : 13.78 '' width : 11.61 '' throat width : 8.66 ''
compumatic mb1000 touchless biometric face recognition and fingerprint time clock package includes computime employee payroll software . employees are enrolled using the mb1000 menu driven color touch screen monitor . once enrolled , employees just look at the clock to punch in or out . punch data ( up to 100,000 transactions ) is safely stored in the terminal until downloaded to the included computime101 25 employee time & attendance software . communication is via tcp ip or usb thumb drive . all information is automatically calculated according to your user defined pay rules . numerous reports can be viewed , edited & printed .
tops 22991 w-2 tax form , six-part carbonless , 50 forms ( full size 8.5 '' x 11 '' , detached size is 8-1 2 '' x 5-1 2 '' ) . tops products is a leading manufacturer of ring binders , business forms , note taking and filing products , which are used in offices , schools and homes throughout the world . for over 35 years tops has been helping companies fulfill their tax and business form needs . our years of experience working closely with the irs guarantees the accuracy of all specifications and irs compliance . as a result , weve set the standards for excellence in service and product quality , and continue to lead the way . the tops w-2 tax forms for laser printers are six part forms which are updated each year to meet irs regulations . employers use these forms to report employee income and withholding taxes to the federal government . the w-2 wage and tax statement set is designed with two forms down on each sheet . it features red print , and is carbonless . the forms are loose for easy insertion in laser printers and each set of 50 forms includes one w-3 summary transmittal form . you can trust tops to provide the most comprehensive line of tax forms available . for trusted accuracy and compliance with all of your tax form requirements , choose tops , the industry leader . we know tax forms !
canon imageclass lbp6000 compact laser printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . reliable desktop laser printer solution with fast speeds and compact design . black and white laser single function printer view larger reliable laser quality delivering 19 pages-per-minute1 , quick first print of approximately 8 seconds , advanced print modes , and a 150-sheet cassette , the imageclass lbp6000 can satisfy any small business or home office user looking for quality laser output . the sleek and compact design of the lbp6000 allows it to conveniently fit on any home desk or table helping you make the most of your workspace and increase productivity . to deliver high-quality prints , the lbp6000 incorporates the canon single cartridge system , which combines the toner , drum and development unit in one easy-to-replace cartridge , resulting in excellent image quality retention and eliminating the complication and warehousing of separate toner and drum consumables . windows 7 , windows server 2008 , windows vista , windows server 2003 , windows xp 2000 , mac os x 10.4.9 & up , linux *pcmag.com logos are trademarks or ziff davis , inc. used under license . reprinted with permission . 2012 ziff davis , inc. all rights reserved . crisp black and white documents arrive in approximately 8 seconds with canons quick first print while originals will output at up to 19 pages-per-minute . maximize time . with a 150-sheet cassette you will spend less time re-filling paper . canon genuine supplies are designed by canon engineers and manufactured in canon facilities . theyre developed utilizing precise specifications , so you can be confident that your canon device will produce high-quality results , time and time again . the intelligent energy saver mode reduces your power consumption to just 1.3w of power and this machine meets energy star guidelines . 1. all ppms based on letter-sized output unless otherwise noted .
ricoh aficio sp 6330n laser printer . laser printers , ricoh , aficio sp 6330n monochrome laser 35 ppm 1200 dpi , 406716
panasonic advanced fax communications with laser print quality ( kx-fl421 ) . panasonic laser fax10ppm print speed , 33.6kbps fax , transmission speed about 4 seconds , handset introducing the panasonic kx-fl421 improve efficiency and save space with the panasonic kx-fl421 compact , multi-function laser fax machine . fax , call and copy all from one unit and save money by potentially replacing up to three pieces of office equipment.good things come in small packagesdesigned to fit on your desk or worktable , the kx-fl421 may look small ( w 14.2 x h 8.6 ) but it can cut your costs while improving office workflow . the kx-fl421 comes standard with a 33.6 kbps super g3 fax modem that can transmit documents as fast as 4 seconds per page . *1 more features caller id compatible*2 - you can view the callers name and or number on the lcd screen . 10-cpm laser copier - crisp laser class copies at a fast rate of 10 copies per minute . *3 250-sheet paper tray - top loading paper tray holds up to 250 pages for high-volume fax reception . 150-page document memory*4 - built in memory stores incoming or outgoing documents for document broadcasts to multiple locations or for out-of-paper reception . error correction mode ( ecm ) - error correction mode assures clear fax transmissions , by checking every document line by line . broadcasting - allows you to send multiple documents to multiple locations in a single operation . up to 3 separate calling groups can be saved for frequent fax transmissions . why wait ? : dual access operation the kx-fl421 allows you to perform two operations simultaneously , increasing productivity and cutting back on wait times . for example , if the machine is busy transmitting or receiving a fax , dual access operation allows you to begin scanning and storing your next fax job into the the document memory until the first process is complete . its like a spam folder for your fax machine save time and paper by avoiding unwanted faxes . the kx-fl421 comes equipped with a junk fax prohibitor that prevents fax reception from calls that dont show caller information . additionally , block unwanted numbers by programming them in to the built-in fax prohibitor list . companion products kx-fat88toner cartridge kx-fad89drum unit specifications facsimile compatibility : super g3 printing method : laser effective scanning width : 208 mm ( 8.2 '' ) effective printing width : letter legal : 208 mm ( 8.2 '' ) , a4 : 202 mm ( 7.9 '' ) resolution : standard fine photo super fine mixed paper size : letter legal a4 modem speed : 33.6 kbps - 2.4 kbps with automatic fallback transmission speed : approx . 4 s page*1 in ecm-mmr mode compression system : mh mr mmr document memory : 2.5 mb ( reception : 100 pages transmission : 150 pages ) *1 user logo transmission : up to 30 character fax header fax number registration : up to 20 digits lcd readout : 16 digits 2 lines copier copy speed : approx . 10 cpm*3 multiple copy : up to 99 copies enlarge reduce : 50 - 200 % ( in 5 % increments ) collate feature : available integrated telephone dial mode : tone ( dtmf ) pulse callback feature : available*2 incoming call ringer : ring tone 1 , 2 , 3 monitor volume : 8 levels handset volume : 3 levels flash : available caller id : fsk compatible*2 general power consumption : standby : 2 w , copy : 240 w , maximum : 950 w ( fuser lamp turns on ) power supply : ac 120 v , 60 hz dimensions ( w x d x h ) : 14.2 '' x 14 '' x 8.6 '' weight : approx . 16.3 lb ( unit only ) upc code : 885170024854 *1. based on itu-t no.1 test chart in standard resolution , actual transmission speed may vary based on various conditions and machine settings . *2. requires subscription to fee-based telephone company service . *3. continuous copy of a single original . *4 . 5 % page coverage . *5. the drum longevity is tested by 20-sheet continued printout intervals .
alera alema43als10m madaris series leather guest chair w wood trim , four legs , black mahogany . an impressive guest chair that feels as good as it looks . soft touch black leather upholstery . padded armrests for comfort . stylish and durable solid wood frame .
alera alefz41ls10b fraze series high-back swivel tilt chair , black leather . ultra-soft cushions , side bolsters and lumbar bolsters for maximum support . plush , thickly-padded headrest and arm rests . soft touch leather upholstery for style and comfort . waterfall seat edge reduces pressure ponts at the back of the knees for improved circulation . five-star base with casters for easy mobility .
set of 3 invisible uv blacklight ink marker blue red yellow . these uv ink markers are completely invisible in normal lighting , but illuminate incredibly bright under uv blacklight ! use these ink markers to implement security procedures , secretly mark your valuables , write hidden messages , artistic application , or just for plain fun ! each marker is full of our special blend of uv ink , so you get long lasting uv special effects .
sourceone mini padlocks , silver-ish , pack of 30 .
altra 26696 computer desk , oak on black . enjoy the large work space and the comfort this desks brings to your home office . the slide out keyboard leaves more room for papers and computer accessories and the side shelf is perfect for cpu storage .
ideal 100 stamp replacement pads - 3 pack - black ink . ideal 100 stamp replacement pads - 3 pack - black ink . this set of three black ink pads fit an ideal 100 stamp .
2xhome - quickbooks point of sale pos cash drawer- 431150 . intuit cash drawer ( val-u line ) ( 16.2 '' wide x 16.4 '' deep x 4.3 '' high ) intuit warranty card
sophia global remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for hp 61xl ( 1 black , 1 color ) . compatible printers : deskjet 1000 , deskjet 1010 , deskjet 1050 , deskjet 1055 , deskjet 1510 , deskjet 1512 , deskjet 2000 , deskjet 2050 , deskjet 2510 , deskjet 2512 , deskjet 2514 , deskjet 2540 , deskjet 2541 , deskjet 2542 , deskjet 2543 , deskjet 2544 , deskjet 2545 , deskjet 2549 , deskjet 3000 , deskjet 3050 , deskjet 3051 , deskjet 3052 , deskjet 3054 , deskjet 3055 , deskjet 3510 , deskjet 3511 , deskjet 3512 , deskjet 3515 , envy 4500 , envy 4501 , envy 4502 , envy 4503 , envy 4504 , envy 4505 , envy 4506 , envy 4507 , envy 4508 , envy 4509 , envy 5530 , envy 5534 , envy 5535 , officejet 2620 , officejet 2622 , officejet 4630 , officejet 4631 , officejet 4632 , officejet 4634 , officejet 4635 , officejet 4639
unv48020 - universal 48020 heavy-duty cross-cut shredder . 48020 heavy-duty cross-cut shredder
color ink refill kit for hp 60 , 60 xl , 61 , 61xl , 300 , 300 xl , 703 , 901 , and 901 xl ink cartridges . this package includes 30ml cyan , 30ml magenta , and 30ml yellow nano premium dye ink . this water-based photo dye ink or uv dye ink is specially designed desktops and wide-format inkjet printers for photo or indoor advertising printings with a vivid color .
officemax 22 '' deep 2-drawer vertical file cabinet , black . 22 '' deep commercial-grade quality vertical filing cabinets designed for heavy duty use . color : black . number of drawers : 2. dimensions : 28-3 8 '' h x 15 '' w x 22 '' d. lockable : yes . precision steel ball-bearings provide the ultimate in smooth and quiet drawer performance . core-removable lock allows optional one-key convenience for multiple files . high-side drawers accept hanging file folders , eliminating the need for additional accessories . heavy-duty steel construction with aluminum handles and label holders . adjustable wire followers keep files in place . galvanized drawer body protects against rust in ways paint ca n't match . made with 30 % recycled material . thoroughly tested to meet or exceed ansi bimfa standards
officemax 22 '' deep 4-drawer vertical file cabinet , putty . 22 '' deep commercial-grade quality vertical filing cabinets designed for heavy duty use . commercial grade 22 '' deep vertical file . ball-bearing slide suspension for smooth drawer performance . high-side drawers accept hanging file folders . core removable lock . letter size . follower wires included . meets or exceeds ansi bifma industry standards . color : black . number of drawers : 4. dimensions : 52 '' h x 15 '' w x 22 '' d. lockable : yes .
aztech compatible brother dr630 dr-630 drum unit for brother hl-l2380dw dcp l2540dw for brother mfc-l2700dw mfc-l2740dw dcp-l2540dw mfc l2700dw hl-l2360dw hl-l2300d hl-l2340dw ink printer drum-2 packs .
es robbins 122073 everlife chair mats for medium pile carpet with lip , 36 x 48 , clear . for carpets up to 3 4 '' thick including padding . all day support for everyday office use . features anchor bar chair mat cleats that hold firmly in place , yet are gentle on carpet and fingers . protects against wear and tear from chair casters . protects medium pile carpet up to 3 4 '' thick , including padding . all day support for everyday office use . mat type : chair mat ; application : carpets ; material ( s ) : vinyl ; style : lip .
es robbins 124183 everlife chair mat , 45 '' x53 '' , beveled edge . protects all carpets . essential for carpets more than 1-inch thick including the padding . high performance chair mat for intensive use such as multi-shift or big and tall . exclusive anchor bar chair mat cleats hold firmly in place yet are gentle on carpet and fingers . beveled-edge is ramped for smoother transition on off mat . engineered for optimum clarity , high performance and a smooth effortless roll . made in the usa . `` no crack mat '' guarantee .
fellowes designer suites premium keyboard tray ( 8017901 ) . fellowes designer suites premium keyboard tray with comfort-lift system lets you slide mouse platform left or right over keyboard numeric pad and offers 2 custom height positions . mouse platform tilts forward or backward , adjusts up or down to height of keyboard , and mounts on left or right side of keyboard . warning trak helps prevent mouse from sliding off platform . loosen single knob to adjust tray height and tilt , then retighten knob to lock in position . soothing memory foam wrist supports with microban antimicrobial protection stay cleaner and place hands wrists in neutral position . non-skid pads prevent undesired keyboard movement .
mead - cambridge city zipper binder , microfiber , 12.75 '' x 11 '' , ( assorted colors ) . meadwestvaco cambridge city zipper binder
lorell 5-drawer 36 x 18.6 x 67.7 inch telescoping suspension lateral file , black . lateral file features a roll-out binder storage posting shelf and five drawers with hanging file rails for side-to-side filing in letter-size , legal-size , or a4-size . each drawer has a magnetic label holder . design features a core removable lock , dual locking bars , full-width pull , ball-bearing slide suspension , reinforced base and four adjustable leveling guides . interlock system prohibits the extension of more than one drawer at a time . counterweight prevents tipping . lateral file meets or exceeds applicable ansi bifma standards .
sparco stand , mntr prtr , mesh , blk . monitor printer stand is one of a line of contemporary mesh desk accessories that complement any desk or workstation . holds small printer or monitor while providing storage of books or cds below . features quality construction with smooth edges and an excellent finish .
pilot frixion colors 12c sfc-120m12c ( japan import ) . pen features the same beloved thermo-sensitive ink that can be erased by frixion . you can erase rub the thermos sensitive ink away using the cap . the pen writes smoothly and erases without a trace . interestingly enough , the ink in these pens will actually reappear when the temperature reaches below - 10 c ( under 14 fahrenheit ) . a freezer is sufficiently cold enough to make the ink start to reappear . it is like a magic pen for adults ! because the ink in this pen is thermos sensitive , we do not advise for it to be left in hot cars , used for mailing , or subjected to a condition that exposes it to a lot of fruition .
vupoint solutions magic wand portable scanner ( pds st415 wm ) . the black handheld magic wand portable scanner from vupoint scans documents , photos , newspapers , and virtually any smooth surface and saves them to a microsd card . with a scan area of 8.27 x 98 '' ( or up 35 '' inches at 900 dpi ) , the scanner can store any letter or legal size document or image , even at the highest resolution . take the portable scanner with you to the library and scan what you need for later , no need to waste paper or money on photocopies . when you get home , simply connect the scanner to your computer with the supplied usb cable to transfer your scans . if you scanned a text document you can use the included ocr ( optical character recognition ) software to convert any printed material into editable text ( windows only ; not compatible with mac os ) . the scanner runs on 2 aa batteries so there 's no need to for a charger . using standard aa batteries , the scanner can perform at least 180 color scans or 200 monochrome scans . the lcd displays the device 's status and other important info . the scanner weighs only 6.9 oz ( including the batteries ) and is only 10 x 1.2 x 1.0 '' , making it a great way to store documents and photos on the go .
spaceco scissor lift with 27 '' platform . the scissor lift is an easy and effective way to convert a standard height desk into a sit to stand workstation in seconds at an affordable price . simply place the scissor lift on the desk top and adjust to the desired height - it 's that simple ! this is the ultimate in flexibility for the unique standing environments .
the grotto pencil grip - 3 per set . created and engineered by an occupational therapist specializing in handwriting , the grotto grip 's unique shape and brilliant design drastically improve poor handwriting habits . unlike existing grips , once fingers are placed correctly on the grotto grip they are kept there to promote proper writing technique . the grotto grip works great for both lefties and righties alike . 3 per set .
at & t el52500 phone . the at & t el52500 dect 6.0 cordless phone , with 5 additional handsets , is a great addition to the modern day household . this system features a fully-integrated answering machine with 14 minutes of recording space . the el52500 is also equipped with handset speakerphones , which delivers increased clarity and enhanced security features . the el52500 is also equipped trilingual menu support for user convenience . features :  dect 6.0 technology  interference-free & wide range  30 % more battery life  caller id call waiting  expandable up to 12 handsets  14 minute digital answering system  time and day stamp  call screening intercept  remote access  memo recording  voice menu  eco-friendly phone  handset speakerphone  large backlit lcd display  lighted keypad  dial display  on-hook dialing  50 station name number caller id memory  50 station phone directory dialer  3-way conferencing  new call indicator  missed call indicator  selectable ringtones  handset volume control  adjustable ringer volume control  wall mountable mount included  handset to handset intercom  call transfer  5 number redial  mute  any key answer  trilingual menu support ( english spanish french )
high back executive leather ergonomic office chair w heavy duty metal base . comfortable , soft pu leather upholstery with ample padding , oil and water resistence . comfortable arm rests seat size : 22 '' ( w ) x 21 '' ( d ) seat height : 19 - 23 '' adjustable height back size : 21 '' ( w ) x 29 '' ( h ) , much wider and taller overall dimension : 27 '' x 29 '' x 44 '' -47.5 ''
brother mfcj6510dw business inkjet all-in-one printer with 11-inch x 17-inch duplex printing and 11-inch x 17-inch scan glass . mfc-j6510dw ; professional series inkjet all-in-one with up to 11 x 17 ( ledger-size ) print copy scan fax and duplex printing ; ; the professional series mfc-j6510dw is perfect for printing , copying , scanning and faxing up to 11 x 17 ( ledger size ) documents . create two sided documents up to 11 x 17 in-house . easy to setup wireless ( 802.11b g n ) or wired ethernet network with embedded web support connects to others on a network . the 3.3 '' widescreen color lcd display allows you to easily navigate through menu options and offers access to help information . uses super high yield ( xxl series ) replacement ink cartridges approx . 2,400 pages black and 1,200 pages color . convenient unattended fax , copy or scan with the up to 35-page adf . the large 250-sheet paper tray capacity will be useful for handling large print jobs . ; approximate page yields in accordance with iso iec 24711 .
brother p-touch pt-2030 label maker . brother pt-2030 deluxe desktop labeler . easy to use . contains labeler , black on white tz starter tape and user 's manual
fujitsu fi-6110 sheet-fed desktop scanner ( pa03607-b005 ) . the fujitsu fi-6110 is a productivity scanner that fits on your desktop . it 's packed with powerful features , including high-speed usb 2.0 connectivity , ultrasonic double-feed detection to ensure smooth scanning , and scanning speeds of up to 20 pages per minute . the fujitsu fi-6110 is a productivity scanner that fits on your desktop . its packed with powerful features , including high-speed usb 2.0 connectivity , ultrasonic double-feed detection to ensure smooth scanning , and scanning speeds of up to 20 pages per minute .
generic compatible ink cartridge replacement for brother lc-61 ( black cyan magenta yellow , 3 each ) . generic compatible ink cartridge replacement for brother lc-61 ( black cyan magenta yellow , 3 each )
gigablock bulk continuous ink system ( cis ) for : epson artisan 710 , 725 , 810 and 835 all-in-one printer ( related cartridge # : t098120 , t098220 , t098320 , t098420 , t098520 , t098620 ) . `` this item is only for usa and canada market `` '' fast domestic delivery in 3~4 days secured , for orders through gigablockshop `` `` product ship from california , usa. `` product features- no more ink cartridges purchase , no more cartridges replacement . refillable ink cartridges ink reservoirs enable countless refills . - quick and easy installation . you will be printing in minutes . - no leaking or clogging - pre-assembled - environmentally friendly the cis ( continuous ink system ) consists of a high-capacity ink reservoir ( same as using between 8 ~ 10 ink cartridges per color ) that is attached to a cartridge via secure tubing . the tubing acts as a vacuum to extract ink from the reservoir and keep the cartridge full of ink . because of the large reservoir capacity , you can print for an extended period of time without running low right away . there is a red line on the reservoir to indicate when it is time to refill . each cis comes complete with easy-to-follow instructions , ink , and all accessories needed to successfully use the system . the included uci cartridges have a permanent smart chip already installed , which will automatically reset itself when your printer power is turned off ( for 5 seconds ) and turned back on . no mess ! no leaking ! < call service 's provided > you can check the contact information in seller help page - for contact point , please go to gigablockshop store front in amazon .
flash furniture rut-188-bk-gg hercules series 880-pound black high density ultra compact stack chair with black frame . this indoor-outdoor stack chair will add distinctive style and surprising comfort to your office , home or outdoor dining area.the plastic seat and back are infused with a no-fade material to keep them looking good for years to come . the chair has an ergonomically contoured design to reinforce healthy posture , reducing back strain and muscle fatigue . it features a carrying handle cutout that makes it easy to move and stack these lightweight chairs up to 35-high to transport and store . a smooth powder coat finish covers the metal sled base frame that features a front cross-brace and it will hold up to 880 pounds . plastic floor glides protect your floor by sliding smoothly , allowing you to easily arrange and rearrange the chairs.line these chairs up for a uniform look in your conference center , classroom or hotel lobby , or stack them for additional seating in your restaurant or cafeteria .
uniden d1680-2 dect 6.0 cid itad answering system & 2 handsets . uniden 1680-2 has a 12.5 minute record time answering machine with one-touch access to your voice mail through your handset . two handsets let you put them in different areas throughout your house and you can add up to 12. hear commands in english and spanish . phonebook stores up to 70 names and numbers . keys and display are backlit for easy reading . also comes with silent and eco mode . intercom and transfer calls between handsets , too ! uniden d1680-2 dect 6.0 cid itad answering system and 2 handsets uniden 1680-2 has a 12.5 minute record time answering machine with one-touch access to your voice mail through your handset . two handsets let you put them in different areas throughout your house and you can add up to 12. hear commands in english and spanish . phonebook stores up to 70 names and numbers . keys and display are backlit for easy reading . also comes with silent and eco mode . intercom and transfer calls between handsets , too ! dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 1 2 3 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 1 2 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 no no no no no no no base only base only base only base only base only 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 x x x x x x x x x x x x 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only 2.28 inches x 0.94 inches 2.28 inches x 0.94 inches 2.28 inches x 0.94 inches 2.8 inches x 1.65 inches 2.8 inches x 1.65 inches x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x
canon original 125 toner cartridge - black . canon single cartridge for the mf3010 laser mfp
royal 29043x alpha 1000ml cash register . the alpha 1000ml cash register from royal has a multi-line , alpha , lcd clerk display with backlight ( 5 lines x 20 characters ) . it has 200 departments , 5,000 plus ( price look-ups ) , and an electronic journal . it has an alphanumeric , single-station thermal printer ( 2 1 4 '' paper ) .
5lb electronic shipping postal scale . weighmax new 5 lbs postal mailing scales were designed for weighing both letters and packages . with an accuracy of 0.1 ounce , it is fully capable of weighing first class letters for the post office .
canon pixma ix6520 inkjet printer ( 4895b002 ) . the canon pixma ix6520 inkjet printer ( 4895b002 ) supports various types of media from 4 '' x6 '' to 13 '' x19 '' .print amazing 4 '' x 6 '' borderless photos in approx . 37seconds.compact and stylish design fits in any office setting . create posters and business documents easily with the new solutions templates on the exclusive website . the new full hd movie print turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with your compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras . for those who seek a single function printing solution up to 11 '' x 17 , '' the pixma ix6520 inkjet business printer will seamlessly become a member of your office team . with superior 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi1 , you can confidently and easily print marketing materials that are a combination of text and graphics , large accounting spreadsheets or legal contracts all with crisp text . the ix6520 is also great for graphic designers printing posters , concept art , sketches and storyboards all with superb color and graphic detail . you  ll also be able add to your business printing capabilities with free , exclusive downloadable templates including brochures , posters and ads . your photo printing options now also expand to full hd video . full hd movie print turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful photo prints.2 if you  re looking to customize your own web layouts , you 'll enjoy easy-webprint ex so you only print what you want , when you want off the web ! and , the pixma ix6520 's stylish , sleek exterior is sure to complement your work space . stylish 11 '' x 17 '' business printer with exclusive free downloadable templates . speed & quality extraordinary resolution : realize the power of 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi1 firing with 1pl . this produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance individual ink system : this 5-color ink system consists of four dye-based inks plus a pigment-based black ink , producing exceptional photos and crisp , laser-quality text . only replace the color ink tank that runs out . chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.3 ease of use amazing photo printing versatility : print stunning photo quality on various types of photo paper from 4 '' x 6 '' to 13 '' x 19 . '' full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful prints.2 easy-webprint ex : clip , arrange and print web page contents so you can print what you want off the web , when you want . auto photo fix ii : this built-in technology automatically categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image and multi-zone exposure correction . so , unexposed areas of the photo will be optimized , area by area and faces that are backlit and under-exposed will automatically be brightened with correct color cast to help ensure more accurate skin tones for gorgeous images . beautiful & borderless : print photo lab quality , borderless4 photos up to 13 '' x 19 . '' connectivity usb 2.0 hi-speed : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . additional features & benefits fast document printing : print black and white , and color documents in the official print speed measure ( images per minute ) for one , four page excel document , one , four page word document and one , four page pdf document.7
the book seat - book holder and travel pillow - blue . usually book stands or rests need to be located on a flat surface . not the bookseat the book seat is a really simple invention and will mold itself and shape to sit at any angle on any surface that you place it . the bookseat is filled with polystyrene beads that enable it to sit into any position . helps to remove the discomfort associated with holding a book for extended periods of time . eliminate aching arms or wrists whilst reading for long periods of time . the book seat can be used where most other book rests ca n't such as in a comfy chair , in bed , the beach , at the computer , desk or sitting snuggled up on the sofa . multi-tasking with the bookseat . there is a clear perspex page holder that enables you to read hands-free ! and do other things at the same time , such as knitting , typing , drinking , eating , crafts , writing , studying , etc .
wilson jones recycled bliss binder , round rings , 1 inch capacity ( w31500 ) . perfect for organizing everyday projects . colorful and sophisticated with one design on the exterior and a complimentary design on the interior . this 1 inch capacity ring binder holds 220 sheets . chipboard is 100 % recycled with 75 % post consumer waste.the paper cover is printed with soy-based inks . vailable in an assortment of two designs .
business source 1-inch presentation binder - black . presentation ring binder offers a landscape orientation and 1 '' capacity . store pamphlets or other documents in the three-hole punched internal pockets . ring binder includes 10 vinyl sheet protectors that are all top-loading . design also includes a business card holder and label holder on the spine . binder contains recycled material .
kantek professional adjustable footrest , 4 to 7 inch height , black ( fr600 ) . founded in 1982 , kantek has set the standard for personal customer service , superior design and construction , a high degree of flexibility and responsiveness to the marketplace . increase leg and back comfort while sitting at your desk with the kantek professional adjustable footrest . this ergonomically designed footrest provides optimum comfort as it relieves strain and muscle fatigue . with a three-position height adjustment from 4 to 6 inches , it allows you to find the height that 's just right for you . a foot-adjustable easy-glide platform rocks your feet and adjusts tilt angle smoothly and quietly . the large platform has surface bumps that massage and soothe your tired feet while you work .
lorell dry-erase board , 6 by 4-feet , aluminum white . dry-erase board features a laminated styrene surface and sturdy aluminum frame that withstands years of use . the easy-to-clean surface resists scratching and ghosting . dry-erase board is easy to mount with a four-corner mounting system . marker tray is included .
unv48025 - universal 48025 heavy-duty strip-cut shredder . 48025 heavy-duty strip-cut shredder
wizcom tech wrpts readingpen ts personal reading assistant . .
svp ps9700 3-in-1 digital photo negative films slides scanner with built-in 2.4 lcd screen '' . svp 3-in-1 photoscanner ps-9700 is a innovative standalone film scanner that instantly converts 35mm film negatives , slides and photo prints into digital images without the need for a computer or application software . now you can preserve all their photo memories by turning the millions of photographs now stored on slides and negatives into digital images to preserve them forever . we have created a very simple-to-use device that works right out of the box and produces a five-megapixel digital image in five seconds at a push of a button . the device features a 5.1mpix scanning chip producing the images large enough to be printed on a a4 page ! unlike similar devices currently on the market , the svp 3-in-1 photoscanner ps-9700 does not require a computer or learning a new software program , and it takes very little space to operate , store or transport . svp introduces the ps9790 featuring a 22 megapixels resolution , ps9700 only has 5 megapixels resolution . search for svp ps9790 on amazon now !
collections etc - 3 in 1 hand crank paper shredder . help prevent identity theft by shredding sensitive documents with this easy-to-use shredder . it even works on credit cards and cds dvds . simple hand-crank operation . no power required . plastic steel . 12 3 4 '' l x 5 3 4 '' w x 7 '' h .
fujitsu scansnap s1100 clr 600dpi usb mobile scanner ( pa03610-b005 ) . this featherweight champion packs quite a punch . the scansnap s1100 is our most mobile scansnap ever . it 's weight ( 12.3 ounces ) makes it feel almost non-existent in a carry-on , and it 's dimensions let it fit practically anywhere . scan all the paperwork you encounter from full-size documents to business cards and receipts and quickly get them out of the way and off your mind.what 's in the box : fujitsu scansnap s1100 color mobile scanner , usb cable , getting started guide , set-up and software dvd-rom and 1 year limited warranty.what 's in the box : fujitsu scansnap s1100 color mobile scanner , usb cable , getting started guide , set-up and software dvd-rom and 1 year limited warranty . the scansnap s1100 document scanner pushes the limits of size and weight for extreme mobility while delivering smooth full page document scanning . its weight ( 12.3 ounces ) makes it feel almost non-existent in a carry-on , and it 's dimensions let it fit practically anywhere . scan all the paperwork you encounter from full-size documents to business cards and receipts and quickly get them out of the way and off your mind . all you need is your laptop and one usb cable to scan and share your documents from just about anywhere , anytime . in addition to standard and custom size paperwork , the scansnap s1100 can scan thick postcards , greeting cards , and even plastic id cards . the scansnap s1100 can accommodate scanning plastic cards so you can finally back up the important data you carry around in your wallet . quality matters and the scansnap s1100 can scan a letter size page in about 7.5 seconds ( approximately 8 pages per minute ) in color and at a remarkable 300 dpi resolution . the paperwork that you pick-up along the way , can go away quickly . scan a color , letter-size sheet in 7.5 seconds flat . business cards and receipts even faster . and with continuous document feeding ( cdf ) , just insert the next page , scansnap takes the paper in and the effort out . the continuous document feeding function allows you to create multiple page pdf files by inserting pages , one after another . to best serve the document type being scanned , switch the paper guide to either the `` down '' position for straight-path feeding or the `` up '' position for turn-path feeding . after scanning is complete , the selectable quick menu appears to allow users to smoothly transition between different scanning intentions without complication or guesswork . the scansnap s1100 provides users direct scanning to evernote and google docs , as well as salesforce crm and sharepoint online ( for windows ) . it also brings two additional cloud syncing functions : scan to sugarsync and scan to salesforce chatter . now you can seamlessly scan and save your scanned files to the cloud for fast and easy accessibility from just about anywhere . the scansnap s1100 features a powerful set of automated image processing functions including auto skew correction , auto orientation , and auto color detection . these intelligent features work behind the scenes to help ensure scanned content looks great without effort . scan your collection of business cards in cardminder for pc and cardiris for mac . automatically extract the important information and export it into your outlook , excel , address book ( mac ) or other contact management application . need to make a quick alteration , enhance productivity by scanning paperwork with machine-print back into an editable version with the included abbyy finereader for scansnap software for pc and mac . the scansnap s1100 comes with the tools you need to get the most out of your scansnap . included in the package are several useful applications that work with mac and pc : scansnap organizer v4.1 ( pc ) -- keep all your scans neatly organized and easily accessible with scansnap organizer . view and edit scans , create filing cabinets , perform searches and more . cardiris v3.6 ( mac ) -- with cardiris business card ocr software for mac adding and managing contact information is a breeze . scanned business card info can be edited and then exported to address book , entourage , appleworks , vcard and other contact management systems . cardminder v4.1 ( pc ) -- with cardminder 4.1 for windows adding and managing contact information is a breeze . simply place the card in the scanner and push the button . cardminder 4.1 captures the business card and places the information into editable fields . foriegn language card ? no problem . cardminder 4.1 recognizes 8 different languages and can export to outlook , excel and other contact managers . abbyy finereader for scansnap ( mac and pc ) -- this popular ocr ( optical character recognition ) software lets you scan documents with machine print directly to microsoft word , excel and powerpoint . scan to mobile -- with the free scansnap connect app , you can link scansnap to an ipad or iphone for viewing on the go .
epson stylus photo r3000 wireless wide-format color inkjet printer ( c11ca86201 ) . unleash your creative inspiration with the advanced features and uncompromising quality of the epson stylus photo r3000 . this 13-wide printer delivers the professional features you desire including high-capacity cartridges , networking and wireless connectivity , plus advanced media handling . epson ultrachrome k3 with vivid magenta pigment ink , combined with epsons innovative micropiezo amc print head , enables the r3000 to produce gallery-quality black-and-white output , plus vivid color prints with breathtaking blues and violets . offering the latest in wired and wireless networking , the r3000 makes it easy to print from anywhere in your home or studio . now , you can produce stunning wide-format images and professionally showcase your work . epson stylus photo r3000 wide format printer designed without comprimise enlarge professional performance . exhibition quality . unleash your creative inspiration with the advanced features and uncompromising quality of the epson stylus photo r3000 . this 13  -wide printer delivers the professional features you desire including high-capacity cartridges , networking and wireless connectivity , plus advanced media handling . epson ultrachrome k3 with vivid magenta pigment ink , combined with epson  s innovative micropiezo amc print head , enables the r3000 to produce gallery-quality black-and-white output , plus vivid color prints with breathtaking blues and violets . offering the latest in wired and wireless networking , the r3000 makes it easy to print from anywhere in your home or studio . now , you can produce stunning wide-format images and professionally showcase your work . epson ultrachrome k3 ink technology ensures professional permanence ratings whether printing black-and-white or color . reformulated magenta inks deliver an exceptionally wide color gamut and an expanded range of blues and violets . the epson stylus photo r3000 is equipped with hi-speed usb 2.0 , ethernet and wireless-n . accuphoto hd2 provides precision placement of each individual ink droplet , resulting in remarkably fine blends , consistent color and extremely accurate highlight and shadow details . a high-performance micropiezo print head precisely places variable sized droplets as small as 2 picoliters for intricate detail at resolutions up to 5760 x 1440 optimized dpi . as the photo printer market has evolved , epson technology has spurred the evolution . with one groundbreaking innovation after another , what is possible has been redefined and expanded . and now , the evolution continues with the introduction of the epson stylus photo r3000 , the first 13-inch printer with a full complement of professional level features and technologies . enlarge the new epson stylus photo r3000 features advanced media handling , generous 25.9 ml ink cartridges , auto-switching matte and photo black inks and accuphoto hd2 image technology . these and a number of other advantages clearly position the epson stylus photo r3000 in a class by itself .
brother printer lc752pks 2 pack of lc-75bk cartridges ink - retail packaging . lc752pks includes 2-packs of innobella lc-75bk high yield ( xl series ) black ink cartridges . they are for use with mfc-j6510dw , mfc-j6710dw , mfc-j6910dw
franklin electronics mws-1940 speaking merriam-webster 's school dictionary . `` high quality , durable `` & r10
kodak p811 8x10 personal photo and negative scanner . the kodak p811 personal photo scanner makes it easy to share your favorite printed photos , from wallet size to 8x10 inches . also able to scan photographicnegatives , the p811 saves high resolution digital copies of all your favorite pictures to the included 2gb microsd card for easy sharing . the real kodak momenthappens when you share . includes kodak easyshare software to help you organize , share and print your scanned photos . scans printed photos at high resolution 600 dpi ( selectable to 300 dpi ) . ultra portable design and battery power allow the p811 personal photo scanner to go where you go , and make it simple to archive and share all your favorite pictures . easily copy to your computer with the included usb cable .
brother genuine high yield color ink cartridge , lc753pks , replacement 3 pack color ink , includes 1 cartridge each of cyan , magenta & yellow , page yield up to 600 pages cartridge , lc753pks . brother genuine replacement high yield color ink cartridges lc753pks produce vibrant color pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother lc753pks replacement ink cartridges are compatible with multiple brother inkjet printers . these professional color ink cartridges are intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison with your brother printer . the brother genuine lc-753pks replacement high yield color ink cartridges can print approximately 600 pages cartridge in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . these replacement color inkjet cartridges are compatible with the following brother printers ; mfcj280w , mfcj425w , mfcj430w , mfcj435w , mfcj5910dw , mfcj625dw , mfcj6510dw , mfcj6710dw , mfcj6910dw , mfcj825dw , mfcj835dw ( 1 ) approximate page yield in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards .
kodak esp c310 all-in-one printer . works great in very good condition , comes with ac power cord . ink not included , cartridges removed for shipping . uses kodak 30 black & color ink cartridges .
panasonic kxtsc11w feature phone with caller id , white . feature phone w caller id white . - panasonic corded feature phone- caller id , call waiting caller id- visual call waiting- 50 # caller id history and dialer- voicemail message waiting indication ( envelope icon on lcd ) - 3 aa batteries required ( not included ) - ac power free operation- 3-line lcd display with contrast adjustment- trilingual lcd- call timer- 20 # redial numbers- pause flash mute- handset volume control ( 4 step ) - ringer volume ( high low off ) - tone pulse switchable- wall mountable- whitereplacement for : kx-tsc7wkxtsc11w
amplicom ab900 amplified answering machine landline telephone accessory . amplified answering machine with tone , volume & message speed control
avery mini binder filler paper , college ruled , 5-1 2 '' x 8-1 2 '' , 100 sheets ( 14230 ) . always have a place to pen your thoughts with our filler paper for 5-1 2 '' x 8-1 2 '' mini binders . our medium weight , college-ruled filler paper is pre-punched with seven holes to conveniently fit in your three- or seven-ring mini binder . the package contains 100 sheets so you 'll always have paper at the ready , whether at home or on the road .
panasonic kx-ts880b integrated corded telephone . quickly dial frequently called phone numbers ! make life easier with the single-line corded integrated phone system with 10 one-touch dialer stations . store frequently called numbers for one-touch dialing . hang it on a wall to free up desk or counter space . perfect for kitchens !
24 '' scroll bracket .
generic compatible toner cartridge replacement for hp ce285a . compatible toner cartridge replacement for hp ce285a 85a toner cartridge use with hp laserjet pro m1132 m1212nf m1217nfw p1102w ( black , 2-pack )
staedtler pigment liner bonus sketch set of 6 liners for the regular price of 4 ( 2 free ) , 308 sb6p . pigment liner bonus sketch set of 6 liners- 4 + 2 free pack . widths : 0.05 , 0.1 , 0.2 , 0.3 , 0.5 , 0.8 mm . excellent for writing , sketching & drawing . lightfast , waterproof , quick-drying smear free pigment ink . long metal tip for use w rulers & templates .
simply bamboo portable folding laptop computer notebook tablet desk , table & serving tray , limit one per order . keep your laptop computer , tablet , or notebook in a perfectly angled , ergonomic position while sitting anywhere with this handsomely crafted bamboo tray . the simply bamboo laptop tray features folding legs and an adjustable , 4-position flip top . this sturdy bamboo tray is also great for serving breakfast in bed or appetizers in the dining room . measures 21.675 '' by 13 '' by 16.75 '' with flip top and legs fully extended . measures 21.675 '' by 13 '' by 2.5 '' when folded flat . flip top section is 13.675 '' wide . eliminates cramping , neck strain , and crouching ; provides a perfectly angled , ergonomic position ; also makes a great serving tray for appetizers or breakfast in bed ; folds flat for easy storage and transport .
hp 564xl black ink cartridge ( cn684wn ) for hp deskjet 3520 3521 3522 3526 hp officejet 4610 4620 4622 hp photosmart : 5510 5512 5514 5515 5520 5525 6510 6512 6515 6520 6525 7510 7515 7520 7525 b8550 c6340 c6350 d7560 c510 b209 b210 c309 c310 c410 c510 ( packaging may vary ) . get up to 2 times more black printed pages for an affordable price , using high-capacity cartridges . produce water- , smudge- and fade-resistant prints , using individual ink cartridges that you can replace one at a time and hp advanced photo paper
mionix propus-380 propus 380 gaming surface . mionix propus 380 is the physical answer to performance , design and innovation . the new developed surface is treated with a special silver-metallic plastic coating . according to test results , this special coating offers optimal tracking conditions and improves the overall performance of the mouse movements . a thin base made of pvc-plastic has been implemented to give the stability from a hard mouse pad without compromising the flexibility from a soft mouse pad . the backside is made of natural rubber to ensure a steady grip .
calico designs file cabinet in black 51100 . calico designs ' file cabinet is compact and safe option for business or home offices where space is limited . the full file drawer keeps your documents organized and accomodates letter or legal size files . two drawers above provide additional storage space . five wheel casters ( one under file drawer for stability ) create easy mobility . fits under most desks . this convenient file cabinet locks to keep your business private . ships fully assembled ( except for casters ) . available in black black , pewter black , and silver black .
board dudes 18 '' x 22 '' magnetic dry erase corx board ( 13467ua-4 ) . this 18 '' x 22 '' magnetic dry erase board is encased in a black and cork frame that provides a modern touch to any area in the house . it is perfect for providing anyone with a large , easy-to-use and maintain writing surface for drawing , writing and more . the cork and metal border forms a practical frame so you can attach important notes along all 4 sides .
ruby paulina 13x19 copy paper , 100 sheet package . be kind to the earth while you wow your clients with exceptionally high quality engineering drawings , schematics or artwork . this 13-inch by 19-inch white copy paper features a 96 brightness , 10 percent post-consumer recycled content and a smooth finish , making it inkjet and laser printer compatible . it 's also acid-free , which keeps the paper from becoming discolored and brittle over time .
red custom printed pencils - 144 per order . custom red hexagon pencils are a great for for special events , motivating students and more ! our custom imprinted pencils are printed in black ink on one line . maximum imprint 60 letters and spaces . packaged 144 pencils per gross box .
bullman a50036 steel blade roll cutter for up to 9 '' diameter roll , widths to 36 '' . the bulman paper cutter is made out of steel , has a rod with a built-in double-edged blade for cutting paper , and accommodates up to 9 '' -diameter rolls of paper . the steel construction of the paper cutter provides strength to hold heavy 9 '' rolls of paper , while the gray powder-coated finish helps resist corrosion for prolonged use . paper rolls fit on a dowel supported by two dowel holders on the cutter 's ends ; to help facilitate roll changing , the dowel holders lock in the open position . a rod runs horizontally across the paper roll to hold paper in place for cutting ; a built-in double-edged blade runs along the rod and allows cutting both over- and under- hanging paper . rubber feet prevent the cutter from scratching surfaces when freestanding on tables or counters . the paper cutter can be installed on a counter 's top or underside , or be wall mounted ( hardware sold separately ) to suit different applications and workspace preferences . the paper cutter is suitable for trimming butcher , craft , and giftwrap paper in schools , restaurants , warehouses , gift shops , and other commercial stores , among other applications . bulman manufactures dispensers and cutters for paper , food film , tape , twine , ribbon , and other rolled materials . the company is headquartered in grand rapids , mi .
vtech 2 handset answering system with cordless headset ( ls6375-3 ) . item # : vt-ls6375-3 . dect 6.0 digital technology provides the best sound quality , security and range in cordless phonesinterference free for crystal clear conversations-wo n't interfere with wireless networks and other electronic devicesprotect yourself from identity theft with digital security-your call is digitized and encrypted , making it nearly impossible for someone to eavesdroptwo handset system-includes 2 handsets and requires only one phone jackequalizer-choose from 4 different profiles to best match your hearingexpandable up to 4 handsets and 1 headset using only one phone jack-uses ls6305 accessory handsetscaller id call waiting-stores 50 callsdigital answering system-no tapes or moving partshandset speakerphone-enjoy hands-free conversations on each handsetintercom , transfer , and conference between handsets100 name and number phonebook directory-easily store and dial frequently called numbers14 minutes of recording timeblue backlit keypad and displaytrilingual prompts-choose between english , spanish or frenchwall mount bracket included headset featuresdect 6.0 digital technologyexcellent range-up to 500 feetmultiple wearing styles-over the ear and over the head7 hour talk timemute , flash , and volume controls customers also search for : technology telephones single line telephones single line cordless telephones discount 2-handset system with cordless headset , buy 2-handset system with cordless headset , wholesale 2-handset system with cordless headset , 735078019844 single line cordless telephones
xerox 6500dn color laser printer 24ppm usb ethernet usb ethernet . xerox phase 6500dn color laser printer ( 24 ppm ) ( 400 mhz ) ( 256 mb ) ( 8.5 '' x 11 '' ) ( 600 x 600 dpi ) ( max duty cycle 40 000 pages ) ( duplex ) ( usb ) ( ethernet ) ( energy star ) ( 250 sheet input tray ) your busy work team needs a value-packed color device that gets the job done with the rare combination of outstanding print quality unparalleled simplicity and day-in day-out dependability . introducing the phase 6500 color printer . xerox phase 6500dn color laser printer ( 24 ppm ) ( 400 mhz ) ( 256 mb ) ( 8.5 '' x 11 '' ) ( 600 x 600 dpi ) ( max duty cycle 40 000 pages ) ( duplex ) ( usb ) ( ethernet ) ( energy star ) ( 250 sheet input tray ) color laser .
universal economy sheet protectors economy letter 200 box , unv-21127 . three-hole punched for unpunched 11 x 8 1 2 inserts . no photocopy transfer archival quality . load orientation : top sheet capacity : 2 sheet protector type : ring binder insert size : 11 x 8 1 2.unit of measure : box
panasonic kx-tg6645b dect 6.0 cordless phone with answering system , black , 5 handsets . panasonic kx-tg6645b dect 6.0 plus digital cordless answering system w 5 handsets . the phone comes with:120 vac , 1 ac adaptor for base , 4 ac adaptors for each of the other 4 chargers . it does not support 220v . introducing the panasonic kx-tg664xb the panasonic kx-tg664xb expandable digital cordless answering system with a dual keypad , is perfect for your home or home office environment . dect 6.0 plus technology ensures fantastic sound quality and outstanding range making sure your calls all come through crystal clear . further and further still ... clarity even at extended range is a hallmark of panasonic cordless phones . the kx-tg664xb features range boost technology that extends transmission ranges by up to 20 % compared to previous generation phones so you can keep talking as you keep walking . just some of the features on the kx-tg664xb dect 6.0 plus technology reversible handset design hands-free speakerphone on base & handset talking caller id *1 *2 *3 up to 4-way conference capability intelligent eco mode range boost power back-up operation ( handset ) tone equalizer call block *1 *4 dual key pad silent mode speed dial on base white backlit lcd on handset a phone for every area of your home the kx-tg664xb is expandable up to six additional handsets all controlled by the same base . add a phone in every room of the house or allow multiple users to work simultaneously in a small office . each additional handset ( kx-tg664xb ( link to amazon page ) ) comes equipped with a full feature set so you will never miss a call again . power back-up no power ? no problem . these 2011 panasonic phone models all come equipped with a powerful battery back-up system that kicks in when the power kicks out . you will still be able to make and receive calls with kx-tg660 series cordless handsets . talking caller id find out whose calling without even picking up the phone . the panasonic kx-tg664xb uses text-to-speech technology , to announce caller id information in between rings . what could be more convenient ? dual keypad the kx-tg664xb features the added convenience of a keypad on both the handset and the phone base . it allows you to dial , use speakerphone and retrieve messages all without using the handset . intelligent eco mode the kx-tg664xb automatically lowers the power consumption when you  re using the handset close to the base unit . not only does it extend the available talk time , its good for the environment . when less power is used by the handset to communicate with the base unit , battery life is prolonged which results in less frequent charging and can result in fewer batteries in landfills . technical specs general color : black frequency system 1.9 ghz dect 6.0 number of channels : 60 expandable up to six handsets lcd language : english spanish call block *1*4 silent mode light-up indicator ( ringer charge indicator ) ( amber ) ringer id *1*2 categories ( 9 category ) menu operation intelligent eco mode rubber grip range boost reversible handset tone equalizer power backup operation caller id phonebook caller id memory *1 50 items call waiting caller id *1 talking caller id ( base & handset ) *1*2*3 voice mail *1 chain dial handset functions lcd ( handset ) 1.8 inch full dot mono 103 x 65 pixels screen lcd backlit color : white lighted handset keypad ( amber ) ringer volume 6-step + off redial memory ( handset ) 5-history ( name*5 & number ) hold - ( menu soft key ) mute ( soft key ) receiver volume 4-step speakerphone volume 6-step intercom ( handset to base ) intercom ( handset to handset ) conference call with outside line up to 4-way clock alarm ( wake-up alarm ) battery rechargeable ni-mh batteries ( aaa x 2 ) talk time 13 hours ( max ) ( in eco mode on ) standby time 11 days ( max ) charge time 7 hours headset jack answering system answering system total recording time ( icm + gm + memo ) about 18 min message alert ( light-up indicator ) speaker volume ( base unit speaker ) 8-step + off remote operation from handset outside line ( dtmf ) base functions lcd ( base ) 2-line base phonebook memory ( name & number ) 50 items ( 16 char 24 digits ) redial memory ( base ) 10 telno , name from phonebook digital speakerphone handset locator ringer volume 6-step + off wall mountable *1 requires subscription to name-and-number caller id , call waiting and or voice mail service . *2 requires registration in phonebook function . *3 name pronunciation may vary . *4 requires number registration in the call block list . *5 requires registration in phonebook function .  name  is displayed only when calling from the phonebook or caller list . icm = incoming message . gm = greeting message .
ultra spec cables printer power cord cable 6ft ( figure 8 , dog bone , double barrel ) . the ultra spec cables printer power cord is much more than just a printer power cable . it features a standard iec320 c7 connector , also known as a figure 8 , dog bone , or double barrel connector , which makes it compatible with thousands of electronics devices ranging from printers to stereo equipment to game systems and power blocks .
texas instruments ti-nspire cx graphing calculator . stay mobile , continue learning - transfer class assignments from handheld to computer ( pc and mac ) . complete work outside of school using student software . on the desktop at home or a laptop on the bus , at the library , coffee shop wherever . visualize in full color - color-code equations , objects , points and lines on the full-color , backlit display . make faster , stronger connections between equations , graphs and geometric representations on screen . real-world images - use digital images or your own photos . overlay and color-code math and science concepts . discover real-world connections . recharge with ease , the ti-nspire rechargeable battery , installed with the handheld , is expected to last up to two weeks of normal use on a single charge . no alkaline batteries needed . the sleek ti-nspire cx handheld is the thinnest and lightest ti graphing calculator model to date . it 's also the brightest with a high-resolution , full-color display that makes it easy to see every exponent , variable and line . 3d graphing - graph and rotate ( manually and automatically ) 3d functions . change the wire or surface color of your 3d graph .
ooma telo with bluetooth adapter . ooma telo with pre-installed bluetooth device view larger ooma telo plus bluetooth the ooma telo device allows you to call anywhere in the u.s. for free  all you need to do is pay the applicable taxes and fees . the telo is easy to set up and even easier to use . simply connect the device to your high-speed internet and then to your existing phone . you do n't need to use a computer or wear a headset to make and receive calls . in fact , your telephone will work as it always has , just without the costly monthly bills . note : the ooma telo requires a high-speed internet connection . free calls in the u.s . the telo uses advanced ooma purevoice hd technology to deliver exceptional voice quality and reliability . you 'll retain the crisp , acoustic performance of a landline without the associated costs . ooma hd voice technology delivers stunning realism and fidelity when you call another ooma telo user ( hd compatible phone required ) . with the pre-installed ooma bluetooth adapter , ooma customers can merge their mobile phone and home phone together . simply linksync your mobile phone to your ooma telo , and you 're good to go . now you can enjoy the convenience of answering your mobile phone calls on any phone in your home . plus , you wo n't have to worry about poor reception or dropped calls . bluetooth integration gain some peace of mind when you 're out of the house with 911 alerts . if anyone dials 911 from your ooma phone , we 'll immediately send a text message to your cell phone letting you know . you 'll instantly be alerted that there 's a problem , and can respond to the situation appropriately . quick and easy setup the ooma telo has been designed for intuitive and easy installation : simply connect it to your router and your existing home telephone . most customers are connected and making calls in less than 15 minutes . if you 've got any questions , the ooma support website is loaded with dozens of articles , diagrams , tips , and friendly help . by replacing your landline with ooma , you could save a bundle . ooma gives you the option of retaining your current telephone number for a fee . if you prefer to change numbers , you can choose a new number in almost any calling area in the us at no extra cost . save money on mobile calling by tapping into your ooma account on the go . with the ooma mobile hd app you can use your android or apple ios device to bypass your cell phone carrier and make calls using any wi-fi or 3g network . my ooma is the online command center for your ooma system . it 's the ultimate in convenience - you can check your voicemail and call logs , configure your preferences , upload your contact list , update your 911 address , and much more . access my ooma anywhere you have an internet connection , even from your mobile smartphone . in today 's connected home environment with internet file sharing , video streaming , online gaming , and more , there 's a lot of network traffic that your voice calls will need to compete with . purevoice hd technology allows ooma to deliver clear audio even when substandard calling conditions exist . ooma purevoice hd technology is composed of five key components : advanced voice compression : ooma uses an advanced voice compression algorithm that consumes over 60 percent less bandwidth than standard voip technology . that leaves you with more bandwidth for your other online activities , and increases the likelihood that your voice traffic will be delivered . wire-speed quality of service : even though ooma uses only a fraction of the bandwidth of standard voip technology , those packets need to arrive without delay for optimal quality . the ooma telo prioritizes voice packets without slowing down the rest of your network . this way you can enjoy crystal clear calls even as you 're uploading your latest video clips . adaptive redundancy : network packet loss is the enemy of voip - dropped packets can cause voice to sound stuttered or garbled . the ooma telo detects packet loss on your internet connection and automatically sends redundant packets to boost the clarity of your phone call . encrypted calls : ooma takes your privacy seriously . we leverage the same encryption technology that governments use to protect classified data to protect your conversations . this makes ooma even more secure than the traditional landline . high definition technology : hd voice technology doubles the fidelity of your phone calls by capturing twice the speech information of a standard voice call . when you and the other caller both use an ooma telo handset or other hd compatible phone , your voice will sound more natural than ever . ooma telo device with pre-installed bluetooth adapter ; ethernet cable ; ac adapter ; quick start guide the device measures 7.5 x 6 x 2.25 inches and weighs 14 ounces . it has 5 vdc , 2 a power . the ports on the devices are a 10 100 ethernet lan port , a 10 100 ethernet wan port , and an rj-11 phone port . ooma telo with bluetooth device view larger ooma telo plus bluetooth the ooma telo device allows you to call anywhere in the u.s. for free - all you need to do is pay the applicable taxes and fees . the telo is easy to set up and even easier to use . simply connect the device to your high-speed internet and then to your existing phone . you do n't need to use a computer or wear a headset to make and receive calls . in fact , your telephone will work as it always has , just without the costly monthly bills . note : the ooma telo requires a high-speed internet connection . the telo uses advanced ooma purevoice hd technology to deliver exceptional voice quality and reliability . you 'll retain the crisp , acoustic performance of a landline without the associated costs . ooma hd voice technology delivers stunning realism and fidelity when you call another ooma telo user ( hd compatible phone required ) . with the ooma bluetooth adapter , ooma customers can merge their mobile phone and home phone together . simply plug the bluetooth adapter into the usb port on your ooma telo , linksync your mobile phone , and you 're good to go . now you can enjoy the convenience of answering your mobile phone calls on any phone in your home . plus , you wo n't have to worry about poor reception or dropped calls . gain some peace of mind when you 're out of the house with 911 alerts . if anyone dials 911 from your ooma phone , we 'll immediately send a text message to your cell phone letting you know . you 'll instantly be alerted that there 's a problem , and can respond to the situation appropriately . the ooma telo has been designed for intuitive and easy installation : simply connect it to your router and your existing home telephone . most customers are connected and making calls in less than 15 minutes . if you 've got any questions , the ooma support website is loaded with dozens of articles , diagrams , tips , and friendly help . by replacing your landline with ooma , you could save a bundle . ooma gives you the option of retaining your current telephone number for a fee . if you prefer to change numbers , you can choose a new number in almost any calling area in the us at no extra cost . save money on mobile calling by tapping into your ooma account on the go . with the ooma mobile hd app you can use your android or apple ios device to bypass your cell phone carrier and make calls using any wi-fi or 3g network . my ooma is the online command center for your ooma system . it 's the ultimate in convenience - you can check your voicemail and call logs , configure your preferences , upload your contact list , update your 911 address and much more . access my ooma anywhere you have an internet connection , even from your mobile smartphone . in today 's connected home environment with internet file sharing , video streaming , online gaming , and more , there 's a lot of network traffic that your voice calls will need to compete with . purevoice hd technology allows ooma to deliver clear audio even when substandard calling conditions exist . ooma purevoice hd technology is composed of five key components : ooma telo device ; ethernet cable ; ac adapter ; quick start guide the device measures 7.5 x 6 x 2.25 inches and weighs 14 ounces . it has 5 vdc , 2 a power . the ports on the devices are a 10 100 ethernet lan port , a 10 100 ethernet wan port , and an rj-11 phone port .
panasonic kx-tg7645m dect 6.0 link-to-cell via bluetooth cordless phone with answering system , metallic gray , 5 handsets . panasonic kx-tg7645m dect 6.0 plus link-to-cell bluetooth cellular convergence solution w 5 handsets introducing the panasonic kx-tg7645m the panasonic kx-tg7645m link-to-cell cellular convergence solution is perfect for your home or home office environment ; featuring dect 6.0 plus technology to ensure fantastic sound quality and outstanding range making sure your calls all come through crystal clear . bluetooth powered link-to-cell now you can use your cellphone to make phone calls in your home without the inconvenience of carrying your cell phone around , losing service or being tethered to a wall outlet because your battery is running low . the panasonic kx-tg7645m allows you to make and receive cell phone calls through your multi-handset home phone system . don  t stop the conversation if you are having a conversation on your cell-phone and are returning home from being out , there is no need to worry about losing reception or holding an uncomfortable cell phone handset . once you get within range of the kx-tg7645m you may pick up your home handset and continue the conversation leaving your cell phone to charge where it gets the best reception . phonebook transfer transfer up to 600 names and numbers from your cell phone to the built-in handset directory via bluetooth . link up to two cell phones is there more than one person in your home or office with a cell phone ? you can register a second cell phone and assign each a distinctive ring tone so when your home or office phone rings , you 'll know who it 's for . you can also transfer the ring tone from your cell phone to your home phone , to make it even easier to identify the call . just some of the features on the kx-tg7645m link up to 2 cell phones*1 intelligent eco mode bluetooth headset capability*1 tone equalizer phonebook copy from cellular phone via bluetooth*1 call block*2 *3 dect 6.0 plus technology silent mode all digital answering machine white backlit lcd on handset power back-up operation non-slip handset design range boost reversible handset talking caller id dual key pad range boost improved , built-in antenna which extends transmission range by up to 20 % , above dect 6.0 plus technology . power back-up operation what happens to your phone when there 's a power outage ? nothing , with this new panasonic phone featuring power back-up operation . a powerful battery back-up system keeps you connected so when the power goes out . keep a charged handset in the base unit and you can still make and receive calls with the other cordless handsets . talking caller id find out whose calling without even picking up the phone . the panasonic kx-tg7645m uses text-to-speech technology , to announce caller id information in between rings . what could be more convenient ? dual keypad the kx-tg7645m features the added convenience of a keypad on both the handset and the phone base . it allows you to dial , use speakerphone and retrieve messages all without using the handset . intelligent eco mode the kx-tg7645m automatically lowers the power consumption when you 're using the handset close to the base unit . not only does it extend the available talk time , its good for the environment . when less power is used by the handset to communicate with the base unit , battery life is prolonged which results in less frequent charging and can result in fewer batteries in landfills . technical specs general color : black frequency system 1.9 ghz dect 6.0 channels : 60 expandable up to 6 handsets lcd language english spanish bluetooth headset capability bt headset volume 1 - 8 phonebook copy from cellular phone via bluetooth call block *2*3 silent mode light-up indicator ringer id *2*6 intelligent eco mode range boost power back-up operation rubber grip tone equalizer caller id phonebook caller id memory *2 50 items call waiting caller id *2 talking caller id ( base & handset ) *2*5*6 voice mail *2 voice mail*2 alert ( light-up indicator ) chain dial handset functions lcd ( handset ) 1.8 inch full dot mono 103 x 65 pixels screen lcd backlit color : white lighted handset keypad ( amber ) ringer volume 6-step + off redial memory ( handset ) 5-history hold - ( menu soft key ) mute ( soft key ) receiver volume ( talk volume ) 4-step speakerphone volume 6-step intercom ( handset to handset ) conference call with outside line up to 3-way ( h s-h s-line ) clock alarm ( wake-up alarm ) battery rechargeable ni-mh batteries ( aaa x 2 ) talk time 13 hours ( max ) ( in eco mode on ) standby time 11 days ( max ) charge time answering system total recording time ( icm + gm + memo ) about 18 min message alert ( light-up indicator ) speaker volume ( base unit speaker ) 8-step + off remote operation from handset outside line ( dtmf ) call screening *1 cell phone must have bluetooth capability and must be compatible to this cordless phone system . *2 requires subscription to name-and-number caller id , call waiting and or voice mail service . *3 requires number registration in the call block list . *4 requires registration in phonebook function . *5 name pronunciation may vary . *6 requires registration in phonebook function .  name  is displayed only when calling from the phonebook or caller list . icm = incoming message . gm = greeting message .
uniden d2997 loud and clear cordless answering system with big buttons and caller announce . this uniden phone will give you everything you need loud and clear ! it has big and brightly contrasted buttons with easy-to-read scalable font that 's great for those who are hard of seeing . the big buttons are also great for people with big hands . you can also set the phone to announce who 's calling as they call so you do n't need to look at the screen . the digital voice mail can record up to 14 minutes of messages that will keep their quality longer than an analog machine and also requires less maintenance . you can also slow down or speed up your voice mail messages so you can more easily take notes and can access those messages from your handset . you will see a flashing light on the handset when there is a message waiting to be listened to . if you 're hard of hearing , this phone can help you too . there are lights all over the base of the phone that will flash during an incoming call so you can see when someone is calling . the +30db audio boost and adjustable audio tones will make the phone louder as well . the dect 6.0 technology gives you unsurpassed interference free sound quality . 3-way conference calling allows you to add a third person to the conversations . you can intercom other phones on the system within the house and can transfer calls to other handsets during a call . store up to 70 names and numbers and search them alphabetically so you can call people easily . you can expand with up to 6 handsets for every one base ( the uniden dcx291 is the phone you should buy to expand your number of phone ) . the voice prompts come in english , spanish and french . it 's easy to transfer your phonebook when you need to . show off your style with personal ring tones . it 's caller id and call waiting capable with a subscription through your local phone company . uniden d2997 loud and clear cordless answering system with big buttons and caller announce this uniden phone will give you everything you need loud and clear ! it has big and brightly contrasted buttons with easy-to-read scalable font that 's great for those who are hard of seeing . the big buttons are also great for people with big hands . you can also set the phone to announce who 's calling as they call so you do n't need to look at the screen . the digital voice mail can record up to 14 minutes of messages that will keep their quality longer than an analog machine and also requires less maintenance . you can also slow down or speed up your voice mail messages so you can more easily take notes and can access those messages from your handset . you will see a flashing light on the handset when there is a message waiting to be listened to . if you 're hard of hearing , this phone can help you too . there are lights all over the base of the phone that will flash during an incoming call so you can see when someone is calling . the +30db audio boost and adjustable audio tones will make the phone louder as well . the dect 6.0 technology gives you unsurpassed interference-free sound quality . 3-way conference calling allows you to add a third person to the conversations . you can intercom other phones on the system within your house or business and can transfer calls to other handsets during a call . the voice prompts come in english , spanish and french . it 's easy to transfer your phone book when you need to . show off your style with personal ring tones . store up to 70 names and numbers and search them alphabetically so you can call people easily . it 's caller id and call waiting capable with a subscription through your local phone company . you can expand with up to 6 handsets for every one base ( the uniden dcx291 is the phone you should buy to expand your number of phone ) .
portable footrest .
clear plastic envelope bags , a2 ( 5 7 8 '' x 4 1 2 '' ) - 100 envelope bags . these a2 clear plastic envelopes fit greeting cards , invitations , and much more . clear plastic envelope bags can be used as a package for your cards or as a protective sleeve . whichever way you use these plastic envelopes , they do the job ! a2 clear plastic envelopes measure 5 7 8 '' x 4 1 2 '' when sealed . these envelopes are made to fit cards up to 5 3 4 '' x 4 1 2. each clear plastic envelope features an adhesive to seal the envelope.100 a2 size clear plastic envelopes
panasonic kx-tga660b extra handset for 762x and 663x series cordless phones , black . the panasonic kx-tga660b dect 6.0 plus digital cordless handset is an additional black handset for your expandable kx-tg660 series cordless answering system . it features dect 6.0 plus technology , which provides the user with outstanding range and clarity . some of the many features include a white lcd backlit color , amber lighted handset keypad , ringer and speakerphone volume , hold and mute . you can make up to 4-way conference calls and use it as a handset to handset intercom . and it also features silent mode , so you can turn off the handset ringer whenever you desire . you can put one in every room of your home all while using only one base and one phone jack .
at & t cl80101 accessory cordless handset , silver requires an at & t cl81101 , cl81201 , cl81301 , cl82101 , cl82201 , cl82251 , cl82301 , cl82401 , cl82451 , cl82501 , or cl82601 expandable phone system to operate . add an additional handset to your cl81000 or cl82000 series phone system . system is expandable to a total of four handsets . no phone jack is necessary for additional handsets
vtech cs6409 accessory cordless handset , silver black requires a vtech cs6419 , cs6428 , or cs6429 series expandable phone system to operate . the vtech cs6409 accessory cordless handset will help you monitor your calls with 50 number caller id and caller waiting so you 'll know in advance who is calling . with the convenient voicemail waiting indicator youll know when you have messages , and with 14 minutes of answering system recording time you can listen to your missed calls - even from your cordless handset . quickly find and connect with missed calls with last-ten number redial . the convenient speakerphone feature keeps your hands free to jot down phone numbers or notes while eliminating the need to cradle your phone between your shoulder and your ear . quickly find and connect with missed calls with last-ten number redial . with full hearing aid compatibility never again struggle to hear your loved ones on the other line . comes with a convenient wall mount to help clean up desk clutter .
at & t cl83201 dect 6.0 cordless phone , black silver , 2 handsets . at & t cl83201 dect 6.0 cordless phone , black silver , 2 handsets dect 6.0 digital two handset answering system with caller id conference between an outside line and up to 4 handsets . view larger . digital answering system with remote access . view larger . a contemporary companion for the busy household or home office , the at & t cl83201 phone system comes with two handsets , dial-in-base and handset speakerphones , and hd audio for fuller and clearer sound . dect 6.0 digital technology delivers superior sound quality , security and range , while ensuring wireless networks and other electronic devices do n't interfere with conversations . with caller id announce , the handsets and base unit can be set to audibly announce the name and number of the caller , making it that much easier to screen calls . call transfer and conference capabilities streamline in-home communication . with up to 14 minutes of recording time , the digital answering system answers calls when you ca n't . retrieve your messages from the base , handset or remotely . the at & t cl83201 can be mounted on a table or wall to save space .
vtech cs6429-4 4-handset dect 6.0 cordless phone with answering system and caller id , expandable up to 5 handsets , wall-mountable , silver black . vtech cs6429-4 4-handset dect 6.0 cordless phone
vtech ls6405 accessory cordless handset , silver requires a vtech ls6425 , ls6475 , ls6426 , or ls6476 series expandable phone system to operate . vtech ls6405 dect 6.0 cordless phone accessory handset , black silver , 1 accessory handset accessory handset expands your vtech dect 6.0 ls6425 , ls6426 , ls6475 or ls6476 phone systems . handset can not be used independently . dect 6.0 digital technology provides the best sound quality , security and range in cordless phones . handset delivers interference-free , crystal-clear conversations and wo n't interfere with wireless networks and other electronic devices . the frequency band has been extended allowing the signal to be reproduced and tuned for a fuller and clearer sound . digital security protects you from identity theft by digitizing and encrypting your calls to prevent eavesdropping . handset includes caller id , speakerphone , push-to-talk intercom , hd audio , blue backlit keypad and display , handset volume control , last number redial , page handset locator , selectable ring tones and a stylish metallic finish . 50 name number phonebook directory lets you easily store and dial frequently called numbers . language prompts include english , spanish and french .
uni mechanical pencil , kuru toga roulette model 0.5mm , gun metallic ( m510171p.43 ) . finest writing instruments stationary products from japan , lead rotating technology mechanical pen , kuru toga , roulette model , for 0.5mm lead , gun metallic body
aidata dc8ae printer cover for use with hp deskjet & inkjet printers , dimensions 460 x 440 x 205mm . aidata dc8ae printer cover for use with hp deskjet & inkjet printers , dimensions 460 x 440 x 205mm
konica minolta magicolor 1600w 1650en 1680mf 1690mf replacement bulk toner powder . konica minolta magicolor 1600w , 1690mf high yield refill toner a0v301f , a0v30hf , a0v30cf , a0v306f combo - 4pk ( bcmy )
parker jotter ballpoint pen and mechanical pencil set . this jotter pen and pencil set from parker features one ball point pen and one mechanical pencil . both of these writing utensils are refillable . one ball point pen . black ink . medium point . refillable .
paramount viscount 1920 reproduction corded phone black . - paramount antique style corded phone- push button dialing in rotary fashionpmtviscount
rca 1104-1bkga 1-handset landline telephone . rca 1104-1 slim-line caller id corded phone features 10 number memory , handset and ringer volume control , call waiting caller id , redial and flash functions . works in a power outage , wall or desk mountable , hearing aid compatible . rca corded slim-line caller id telephone with volume control in black
server paging system kit . - 12-server wireless on-site one-button touch transmitter paging kit ( for restaurants ) - includes 12-position dry-erase name board that makes shift changes easy and can be mounted to wall surface with included velcro mounting strip- transmitter is rechargeable and can be used without the power supply- multiple transmitter units can be used to page servers from different locations- kit also includes ( 1 ) t9550lck transmitter ( 5 ) sp4 rechargeable server pagers # 1-5 ( which can be set to vibrate 1 2 or 3 times with this system ) ( 1 ) 5-pager charger ( 2 ) power supply units and ( 1 ) charger jumper wire - up to 1 mile transmission range ( transmitter dimensions : approx . 7in x 3in x 1in ) - two year standard manufacturer 's warranty for t9550lck transmitter sp4 rechargeable server pager and page charger unitlrskitstaff5
brother printer mfc7360n monochrome printer with scanner , copier & fax and built in networking . the mfc-7360n is a compact and affordable laser all-in-one ideal for small offices or home offices . it produces fast , high-quality monochrome laser printing and copying at up to 24ppm , as well as color scanning and faxing into one space-saving design . it also offers a built-in ethernet interface for sharing with others on your network.the mfc-7360n provides flexible paper handling via an adjustable , 250-sheet capacity tray and a manual by-pass slot for printing thicker media . a 35-page capacity automatic document feeder allows you to copy , scan or fax multi-page documents quickly and easily . additionally , it offers a high-yield 2,600-page replacement toner cartridge to help lower operating costs.what 's in the box : starter toner cartridge ( yields approx . 700 pages ) , dr420 drum unit ( yields approx . 12,000 pages ) , quick setup guide and basic user 's guide , ac power cord , telephone line cord and installation cd-rom . 35-page capacity auto document feeder ( view larger . ) easy-to-install , high-yield toner cartridge is available for low cost output ( view larger . ) compact laser all-in-one with networking the mfc-7360n is a great addition to any small office or home office . delivering fast print and copy speeds while producing professional-quality output , this compact , yet powerful , machine is ideal for producing the everyday documents that make up the output of today 's busy office . reliable and hard-working , this all-in-one also includes built-in networking to allow sharing with multiple users . plus an optional high-yield replacement toner cartridge is available to help reduce your operating costs . enjoy the convenience of producing high-quality output right from your desktop or small office . with print and copy speeds of up to 24ppm , you can stop wasting time and move on to other important tasks . print high-quality output at up to 2400 x 600 dpi for professional reports , spreadsheets , correspondence or other important business documents . share with others on your network for printing , scanning and pc faxing5 or connect locally to a single user via its hi-speed usb 2.0 interface . print from your mobile device via cortado workplace* , a free printing app that enables you to store and wirelessly print all common file formats from your apple , android , or blackberry mobile device . since this app uses a brother original printer driver , the output is identical to the print output from your pc . the mfc-7360n offers document scanning with up to 19200 x 19200 dpi ( interpolated ) scanning resolution , and features management solutions to easily share , archive or edit your paper-based documents electronically . scan multi-page documents using the 35-page capacity auto document feeder or use the document glass for bound materials or up to letter-size documents . with the mfc-7360n , you can create high-quality color scans in a variety of file formats including : pdf , jpg , tiff , and more . it also offers a wide range of scanning options including : e-mail , file , image , and ocr . the mfc-7360n includes both twain and wia ( windows imaging acquisition ) scanner drivers and nuance paperport se with ocr for windows and presto ! pagemanager with ocr for mac for greater flexibility . in addition to being affordable to purchase , the mfc-7360n uses both standard and high-yield replacement toner cartridges . using the high-yield 2,600-page2 toner cartridge ( tn-450 ) can help lower your operating costs . you also can help save money by using toner save mode for your less critical business documents , and by using pc fax6 to send and receive faxes directly from your computer without having to print them . *requires wireless network connection. additional purchase required1 . maximum capacity based on using 20 lb ( bond ) paper2 . approx . yield in accordance with iso iec 19752 ( letter a4 ) . requires additional purchase.3 . requires connection to a wireless network . see www.brother.com for details , availability , and mobile device compatibility.4 . based on itu-t test chart at standard resolution with mmr coding5 . see system requirements chart on www.brother.com6 . windows os only for pc fax receive7 . black and white only , pc fax receive not available for mac os
bcw 4-pocket pages for storing photos or postcards pocket size 4 '' x 5-1 2 '' 20-pages total . the bcw pro 4-pocket page is an acid-free and pvc-free archival quality product that is perfect for storing 3 '' x 5 '' photographs or postcards . this product features high-clarity polypropylene and top loading pockets with strong welds . bcw pro 4-pocket pages fit all standard 3-ring binders and albums . use the 4 pocket page to protect , store , and display your valuable photos and postcards . perfect size for transformer tcg character cards , magic : the gathering planechase , vanguard , archenemy , or commander cards in toploaders . 20-pages total
wheeled lectern with storage shelf - beech black - compact standing desk for reading - laptop stand . elegant european-designed lectern with casters and storage shelf . also can serve as a compact standing desk or laptop stand . upgraded hardware to add stability and durability .
heavy-duty mobile magnetic dry-erase flipchart easel - 29 '' x 42 '' board ( with side arms ) .
sentrysafe h4300 fire-safe waterproof security file , 0.7 cubic feet , silver gray . the sentrysafe fire-safe waterproof security file is a great item to secure documents in your house or office . the h4300 model is ul classified with 1 2-hour proven fire protection and etl verified 1 2 hour fire protection for cds , dvds , usb drivers , and memory sticks up to 1550 degrees f. it is also etl verified waterproof . comes with a tubular key lock . note : the keys are inside the security file . you need to put the file on a floor or at knee level on a hard surface . with the palm on the lines ridges on the black handle , we need to put constant pressure down on the lid and with the fingers , pinch the red long button up . this will open the file . sometimes the water gasket seals create it a little harder to open but with use , this relieves it .
furinno adjustable vented laptop table laptop computer desk portable bed tray book stand multifuctional & ergonomics design dual layer tabletop up to 17 '' . the furinno a6 ultralight adjustable laptop table features an air-vented design that reduces overheating of your laptop , notebook , or tablet . features can be set in multiple angles to fit any body position , even laid back on your bed ; just hold the button on the joints , change the position , and release the button to lock it in place grooved table surface to prevent slippage , and wrist guard added for extra comfort weighs 5 pounds and can support up to 30 pounds ; height is adjustable from 11.25 inches to a full height of 22 inches 100 % aluminum alloy composition provides sturdiness and a stylish look ; available in black , purple , silver , and pink collapsible frame for easy storage and portability suitable for laptops up to 17 inches no assembly required ; product dimensions : 22 ( w ) x11.4 ( d ) x1.38 ( h ) inches
x-acto spira electric pencil sharpener , black - packaging may vary . where art meets pencil point . the x-acto spira electric pencil sharpener features a large , easy-to-empty shavings receptacle . with a press of a button , the trap door opens at the base of the sharpener for shavings disposal . safety first - the sharpener will only operate when the receptacle is in place . the new spira electric pencil sharpener is a great addition to your home and office dcor . this attractive sharpener uses an x-acto helical steel cutter to give you a sharp , smooth pencil tip . x-acto electric pencil sharpeners are crafted from the highest quality materials , producing the reliability and performance you come to expect from x-acto . our electric sharpeners feature carbon steel sharpened blades and sturdy construction with heavy duty , quiet running motors . non-skid feet guarantee a precise , clean cut that won  t cause a disturbance around the office or classroom . the x-acto line of electric pencil sharpeners features several different models to meet all your needs.please note : model # 1752 & model # 1763 are the same . the packaging might vary . uses an x-acto helical steel cutter to give a sharp , smooth point . view larger a member of the elmer 's family of brands , x-acto is the most recognized brand in cutting . x-acto is the # 1 brand of pencil sharpener . x-acto electric pencil sharpeners are crafted from the highest quality materials , producing the reliability and performance you come to expect from x-acto . these electric sharpeners feature carbon steel sharpened blades and sturdy construction . so you get industry-leading durability -- and a perfect point every time . x-acto electric pencil sharpeners are engineered for smooth , quiet operation . so they 're ideal for classrooms , offices and anyplace where a noisy sharpener would cause disruption . where art meets pencil point . the spira features a large , easy to empty shavings receptacle . with a press of a button , the `` trap door '' opens at the base of the sharpener for shavings disposal . safety first -- the sharpener blade is not accessible . the new spira electric pencil sharpener is a great addition to your home and office dcor . its vertical orientation takes up less space on your desk , but is always at hand . this attractive sharpener uses an x-acto helical steel cutter to give you a sharp , smooth point .
pierre belvedere a4 letter size snap portfolio , refillable , wasabi ( 676490 ) . from traditional to cutting-edge , pierre belvederes executive line of fine faux leather accessories will add just the right accent to your work space or home . since its foundation in 1960 , pierre belvedere has offered its customers an exclusive selection of fine stationery and executive accessories designed in their international studios . the passion and creativity that is the companys hallmark is evident in the quality and construction of this beautifully made a4 letter size faux leather portfolio . the 9-1 2 x 12-1 2 x 1 inch portfolios padded cover is crafted of premium pebble-grained faux leather with an attached spine and contrasting cream stitching . inside the fabric-lined portfolio is a document pocket with two business card pockets , a 50 sheet pierre belvedere lined notepad and a pen holder . a secure snap tab closure keeps everything tucked neatly away . pierre belvedere letter-size refill pads are available on amazon . add an exciting splash of color to your day by coordinating the portfolio with pierre belvederes faux leather desk blotters , paper trays or reading glass cases available on amazon .
k & company multicolor cards & envelopes , color basics radiant . color basics cards & envelopes come in an array of colors . 16 pieces
vupoint ip-p10-vp color photo printer . the photo cube compact photo printer from vupoint solutions is a dye-sublimation printer that charges and prints photos from your iphone , ipad , ipod touch , or android device at the same time , no computer required . the printer 's combination paper and ribbon cartridge yields 36 prints and makes it easy to use . the printer outputs standard 4 x 6 '' photos that are waterproof as well as coated to minimize fingerprints , dust , scratches and photo damage . in addition to 4 x 6 '' photos , the printer can partition a 4 x 6 photo sheet into 4 or 10 images per sheet , perfect for passport or id photos.features : view , print and charge your ipod touch , iphone , ipad or android smartphone or tablet all at once - no computer required no saving or transferring files , print directly from your ipod touch , iphone and ipad photo album . for android smartphone , print directly from gallery compatible with android smartphone and tablets os 2.0 and above free downloadable printing application from app store or android market uses dye sublimation thermal transfer process to print photos select photo partitioning of 1 , 4 , or 10 images per sheet and up to 4 copies prints approximately 55 seconds per sheet jpeg output format powered by ac adapter patented technology all-in-one ink and photo paper cartridge photo paper is waterproof and has a protective coating to minimize fingerprints , dust , scratches , and photo damage print up to 36 photos , 4 x 6 '' size per sheet easy to install , no mess
kodak esp 2170 all-in-one printer . stop overpaying for ink and make the smart investment with the kodak esp office 2170 all-in-one printer . kodak offers the lowest total ink replacement cost so your home office can save money . * and you 'll save time too , with a suite of tools that will get you to those early a.m. meetings with time to spare . the versatile esp office 2170 printer lets you print , copy , scan , and fax . it 's an affordable 4-in-1 bundle of business efficiency that makes the most of every dollar , and every minute . so you 'll never worry about hitting print again . one system , four great functions - print , copy , scan , and fax capabilities in a compact rear feed design delivering crisp , sharp documents and graphics and kodak lab-quality photos that last a lifetime . easy wi-fi setup to connects to your wireless home network . send scans to your pc , e-mail , network folders , memory cards , or usb flash drive . print photos in multiple sizes directly from your iphone , ipod touch , or ipad device3 with the kodak pic flick app . use the photo sort feature to easily find and view your pictures on your memory card by month , day , or year via the printer lcd . accomplish critical business tasks effortlessly with the easy-to-use control panel and 1.5 '' display
rca 1114-1bsga 1-handset landline telephone . rca large button corded desk speakerphone with caller id and answering system
hp laserjet pro m1217nfw monochrome all-in-one printer . print , copy , scan and fax with this compact and affordable multifunction laser printer , which features built-in ethernet and wireless networking so you can easily share resources with your colleagues . the hp laserjet pro m1217nfw makes it easy to quickly start printing from a pc or netbook-no cd required . just plug and print in as fast as five minutes with hp smart install . get up to 50 percent energy savings using instant-on technology2 and save even more with hp auto-on auto-off technology-it senses your printing activity , turning on and off automatically . the hp laserjet pro m1217nfw has an easy-to-use , intuitive control panel and lets you easily connect directly to pcs , laptops and other usb devices via a hi-speed usb 2.0 port . you can also make a one-sided copy of a two-sided identification card with id copy . with print speeds of up to 19 pages per minute black and first page out as fast as 8.5 seconds , the hp laserjet pro m1217nfw has a 150-sheet paper tray , a 35-sheet automatic document feeder and supports paper sizes from 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' . youll never miss a fax again-this multifunction laser printer has a fax memory of up to 500 pages , and you can program up to 100 speed dial numbers for ultimate efficiency . scan documents at up to 1200-dpi resolution and take advantage of time-saving scanning features including scan to e-mail , scan to application and scan to file . the hp laserjet pro m1217nfw lets you automatically print up to 99 copies and reduce enlarge your copies by 25 % 400 % . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outer ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? share resources with wireless1 and ethernet networking easy setup without a cd using hp smart install2 conserve energy with hp auto-on auto-off technology3 enlarge functions features enlargebuilt-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cables built-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple people two-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automatically memory card slotsprint photos without using a pc color lcd screen manage your printer easily expandable memory add more memory ( sold separately ) to handle complex print jobs with ease high-capacity paper tray refill paper less often with a tray that holds 250 sheets or more auto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automatically included not included specifications print speed4 up to 19 pages per minute ; first page out as fast as 8.5 seconds fax up to 500-page fax memory , up to 100 speed dial numbers scan resolution up to 1200-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 14 '' copy reduce enlarge 25 % 400 % paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 8,000 pages per month enlarge remember original hp toner and paper save money with x cartridges and combo packs recommended hp toner5 hp 85a 1,600 pages recommended hp paper hp laserjet paper hp premium choice laserjet paper more informationdatasheet ( pdf ) which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by sidesee comparison chart wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from access point , and may be limited during active vpn connections . for microsoft windows only . installation time may vary . hp auto-on and auto-off capabilities subject to printer and settings . exact speed varies depending on the system configuration , software program , and document complexity . average cartridge yield : declared yield value in accordance with iso iec 19752 and iso iec 19798. actual yields vary based on specific use including images printed , printer , print settings and other factors . see www.hp.com learnaboutsupplies for more information . ; if ( typeof p === `` undefined '' ) { } else { p.when ( 'jquery ' , 'ready ' ) .execute ( function ( $ ) { settimeout ( function ( ) { if ( msa.vowels ) { var amzvowels = new msa.vowels ( $ , '6125s7ht1dpt2nmfpb0s ' , 132-4000955-3639964 , `` m.media-amazon.com '' , [ `` 1 '' ] ) ; amzvowels.initializeandstart ( ) ; } } , 8000 ) } ) ; }
at & t dect 6.0 expansion accessory handset for cl81100 , cl81200 , cl81300 , cl82100 , cl82200 , cl82250 , cl82300 , cl82350 , cl82400 , cl82450 , cl82500 , cl82550 , cl82600 , cl84100 , cl84200 , cl84250 , cl84300 . *** for use with att models cl81100 , cl81200 , cl81300 , cl82100 , cl82200 , cl82250 , cl82300 , cl82350 , cl82400 , cl82450 , cl82500 , cl82550 , cl82600 , cl84100 , cl84200 , cl84250 , cl84300 . features : 50 name number directory selectable ringer tones any key answer new missed call indicators english spanish french setup menu last 20 number redial
`` i may be left handed but i 'm always right '' 5 subject notebook , 4 pack . the most useful spiral notebook for all our left-handed students and notebook users . black pebble spiral notebook , handsomely imprinted with `` i may be left handed but i 'm always right '' in silver foil . five sections , five double pockets , 200 college ruled sheets that tear out for use in a 3 ring binder . opens from left to right for lefty use . perfect for the lefty student . made by a small company in texas , in operation since the 1950 's , and one of the few remaining school supply companies whose products are manufactured in the united states . constructed of recycled materials .
ergotron worksurface for workfit-s ( 97-581-019 ) . upgrade your workfit-s workstation with a work surface and handle . keep a tablet computer , phone , cup of java or task-related items where they can be quickly accessed . includes a handle for ease of moving the workfit-s from a sitting to a standing position . note : when this accessory is added to the workfit-s , total weight capacity of the workstation is reduced by 6 lbs . ( 2.7 kg ) .
motorola l702bt dect_6.0 1 accessory handset landline telephone . motorola dect 6.0 cordless high quality big button phone
clarity extra loud big button speakerphone with talking caller id and clarity logic with extra handset . the xlc3.4 is a loud , simple and easy-to-use amplified cordless phone featuring up to 50 decibels of digital clarity power amplification , dect 6.0 technology and a loud and clear speakerphone . large , high contrast buttons are easy to press and see , and speak the numbers as they are dialed . talking caller id and a caller id screen tell you who is calling . the xlc line of phones now feature our patented clarity logic customer support service built-in for easy setup and customization of your phone . package includes an extra handset .
bixolon stp-103iig thermal printer - monochrome - receipt print . this user-friendly design stp-103ii upgraded version of stp-103 incorporates a small footprint and drop-in and load paper insertion . stp-103ii equipped usb 2.0 on board can print at a speed of 70mm sec . the bixolon stp-103ii printer 's ability to produce large clear print on 58mm wide paper is found on no other compact printer and it can hold thermal rolls up to 60mm in width .
brother printer dcp7060d monochrome laser multi-function copier with duplex . ideal for everyday copying , printing and scanning , this affordable multifunction laser printer is a great addition to any home or home office . increase productivity with the fast print and copy speeds . produce professional-looking output , thanks to the high-quality print resolution . easily create two-sided documents and booklets with automatic duplex printing . use the document glass to walk up and make copies and scanswithout turning on your pc . be assured your printed materials will always look their best , thanks to the straight-through paper path . print technology : laser maximum print speed black : 24 ppm .
brother dcp-7065dn monochrome laser multi-function copier with duplex printing and networking . the dcp-7065dn is a laser multi-function copier with networking and automatic duplex ideal for small offices or home offices . it produces fast , high-quality monochrome laser printing and copying at up to 27ppm , as well as color scanning into one space-saving design . it also offers automatic duplex for producing for two-sided output and a built-in ethernet interface for sharing with others on your network . the dcp-7065dn provides flexible paper handling via an adjustable , 250-sheet capacity tray and a manual by-pass slot for printing thicker media . a 35-page capacity automatic document feeder allows you to copy or scan multi-page documents quickly and easily . additionally , it offers a high-yield 2 , 600-page replacement toner cartridge to help lower operating costs.what 's in the box : brother dcp-7065dn monochrome multifunction laser printer , introductory toner cartridge , dr420 drum unit , ac power cord , installation cd-rom , documentation cd-rom , quick setup guide , safety & legal booklet and 1-year parts & labor warranty . note : usb & ethernet cables not included.power requirements : 110 - 120 v ac 50 60 hz.operating system : windows 2000 , xp , xp pro x64 , vista , windows 7 , server 2003 , server 2003 x64 , server 2008 , os x 10.4.11 , os x 10.5.x , os x 10.6.x.maximum printable area 8.5 x 14.0 ( 21.6 x 35.56 cm ) .paper sizes standard tray : letter , executive , legal , folio , a4 , a5 , a6 , manual feed slot : 3.0 x 4.6 to 8.5 x 16 '' ( 7.62 x 11.6 to 21.6 x 40.64 cm ) , duplex : letter , legal , folio and adf : 5.8 x 5.8 to 8.5 x 14.0 '' ( 14.73 x 14.73 to 21.59 x 35.56 cm ) . the dcp-7065dn is a laser multi-function copier with networking and automatic duplex ideal for small offices or home offices . it produces fast , high-quality monochrome laser printing and copying at up to 27ppm , as well as color scanning into one space-saving design . it also offers automatic duplex for producing for two-sided output and a built-in ethernet interface for sharing with others on your network . the dcp-7065dn provides flexible paper handling via an adjustable , 250-sheet capacity tray and a manual by-pass slot for printing thicker media . a 35-page capacity automatic document feeder allows you to copy or scan multi-page documents quickly and easily . additionally , it offers a high-yield 2 , 600-page replacement toner cartridge to help lower operating costs .
pilot eraser refills , 70001 , 5 pack . description - vinyl eraser refills for mechanical pencils .
kensington comfort memory foam adjustable footrest ( k56144usf ) . sole mate comfort footrest with smart fit system
hp laserjet pro 100 color mfp m175nw . hp laserjet pro 100 color mfp m175nw div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outer ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? professional color printing with hp  s smallest color laser all-in-onehp eprint : print from any mobile device1easy project ideas , tools and templates for custom marketing materials enlarge functionshp eprintnow , print from virtually anywhere.1features enlargebuilt-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cables built-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple people two-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automatically memory card slotsprint photos without using a pc color lcd screen manage your printer easily expandable memory add more memory ( sold separately ) to handle complex print jobs with ease high-capacity paper tray refill paper less often with a tray that holds 250 sheets or more auto document feederprint , scan and copy multiple pages automatically included not included specifications print speediso speeds : up to 17 pages per minute black , up to 4 ppm color2 scan resolution up to 1200-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 14 '' copy reduce enlarge : 25 to 400 % ; maximum number of copies , up to 99 paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 20,000 pages per month enlarge remember original hp toner and paper save money with x cartridges and combo packs recommended hp toner3 126a 1,200 pages 126a1,000 pages 126a1,000 pages 126a1,000 pages recommended hp paper hp laserjet paperhp premium choice laserjet papermore informationdatasheet ( pdf ) which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by sidesee comparison chart requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any connected internet- and e-mail-capable device . print times may vary . some hp laserjets may require a firmware upgrade . for a list of supported documents , and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . and for additional solutions , see www.hp.com go mobile-printing-solutions . either after first page or after first set of iso test pages . for details see : http : www.hp.com go printerclaims . average cartridge yield : declared yield value in accordance with iso iec 19752 and iso iec 19798. actual yields vary based on specific use including images printed , printer , print settings and other factors . see www.hp.com learnaboutsupplies for more information .
dell 1355cnw wireless color printer with scanner , copier and fax . finally , everything you need in a printer but in a small package . enjoy wireless printing and great print , fax , copy and scan capabilities with the dell 1355cnw multifunction color printer .
dell 2155cdn multifunction color laser printer . get crisp and fast color laser printing from the 2155cdn laser printer from dell . with a native print resolution of up to 600 x 600 dpi , your color documents will always look sharp . plus you can get crisp graphics , text , and photos with true-to-life color with the automatic color space and image correction technology . enjoy fast high quality printing , faxing , scanning and copying all up to 24 pages per minute ( ppm ) in both mono and color ( letter ) ( actual print speed will vary with use ) . additionally , 2155cdn can reliably produce high quality printing at a maximum monthly duty cycle of up to 40,000 pages . designed for high printing volumes and great usage demands , it has a standard paper input capacity of 250 sheets and an astonishing 533 mhz processor speed couples with a standard memory of 256mb ram .
cool toner remanufactured toner cartridge replacement for brother tn-210 ( black , cyan , magenta , yellow , 5-pack ) .
kikkerland mailblok blue airmail paper , block of 50 ruled pages . write it , fold it , mail it . it 's that easy with this lightweight airmail stationery . lined paper folds to form envelope . use moisture activated gummed seal on flaps to close . block of 50 ruled pages . measures 6.75 x 12.75-inches unfolded .
shopping cart - useful for laundry or shopping push or pull , perfect for seniors on the go . silver - small size . small silver shopping cart super easy assembly soft grip covered handle solid rubber wheels folds compactly for storage great for laundry gardening camping beach perfect for small tight places . easy to take with you on the bus or small vehicle teachers love this cart , very useful to transport books , snacks , or goodies . measurements : overall dimensions 17.15in x 16.15in x 37.40in very convenient to carry a purse , small bag , detergent , or just about anything save on gas ! save the environment ! and most important you will get some exercise ! seniors prefer this cart because is very easy to fold and you can push or pull
hiti p720l photo printer , 300x300dpi resolution , `` refurbished '' . built from guiding principle , hiti p720l was designed to maximize your photofinishing profits by increasing uptime , shortening printing time and providing multi-applications . hiti p720l is recommended to use with hiti picvite suite , which is easy and with less investment to create your highly scalable and profitable photofinishing business . amazon renewed is your trusted destination for pre-owned and refurbished products that are inspected and tested to work and look like new . a renewed supplier who is amazon-qualified and performance managed , performs a full diagnostic test , replaces any defective parts , and thoroughly cleans the product . the products will have minimal to no signs of wear , no visible cosmetic imperfections when held 12 inches away , and may arrive in a brown or white box with relevant accessories that may be generic . this product comes with a minimum 90-day supplier-backed warrantyan amazon qualified supplier will provide a replacement or refund within 90 days of your receipt if the product does not work as expected . the warranty is in addition to amazon 's standard return policy . learn more shop for smartphones , computers , laptops , tablets , home and kitchen appliances , game consoles , office products , and more on amazon renewed .
american weigh scales ps-25 table top postal scale , black . the ps-25 is a tabletop scale , great for weighing envelopes and small packages . it features a letter mailing tube stand built into the platform . this scale includes 2 x aa alkaline batteries , as well as , an ac-adapter .
ion isc12 document scanner . handheld scanner for books , papers , photos & ; other documents ; high-resolution , color scanning in jpeg format ; up to 600 dpi ; color , monochrome & resolution options for ; full-page scans as fast as 2 sec ; realtime distortion compensation & capture optimizing feedback ; transfers scans quickly to computer ; scans onto microsd cards up to 32gb ; includes 2 aa batteries , scan-to text software & usb cable
gp copy & print paper , 8.5 x 11 inches letter size , 92 bright white , 20 lb , ream of 500 sheets ( 998067r ) . for simple documents and projects , choose gp copy and print paper . it 's good for a wide variety of print applications - both large and small . its standard brightness and basis weight , coupled with consistent and dependable results , make it a solid option for all your basic printing needs .
fujitsu scansnap s1100 deluxe bundle ( pa03610-b015 ) . at nearly 12 ounces , the scansnap s1100 deluxe is the lightweight companion for front side document scanning at home or on the road . whether scanning receipts , contracts , recipes , or plastic cards , scansnap takes scanning beyond the desktop and into your world . additionally the scansnap s1100 deluxe bundle includes rack2 -filer v5.0 an ultra- intuitive scanning and file management application for home or small office . through the use of graphical cabinets and e- binders , users will experience a familiar yet heightened level of accessibility and convenience to their digital content . the scansnap s1100 deluxe document scanner pushes the limits of size and weight for extreme mobility while delivering smooth full page document scanning . its weight ( 12.3 ounces ) makes it feel almost non-existent in a carry-on , and it 's dimensions let it fit practically anywhere . scan all the paperwork you encounter from full-size documents to business cards and receipts and quickly get them out of the way and off your mind . all you need is your laptop and one usb cable to scan and share your documents from just about anywhere , anytime . the scansnap s1100 deluxe bundle includes rack2-filer smart , an ultra-intuitive scanning and file management application for your home or small business . with rack2-filer you can easily view , manage and organize your documents into e-binders for easy archiving . in addition to standard and custom size paperwork , the scansnap s1100 deluxe can scan thick postcards , greeting cards , and even plastic id cards . the scansnap s1100 deluxe can accommodate scanning plastic cards so you can finally back up the important data you carry around in your wallet . quality matters and the scansnap s1100 deluxe can scan a letter size page in about 7.5 seconds ( approximately 8 pages per minute ) in color and at a remarkable 300 dpi resolution . the paperwork that you pick-up along the way , can go away quickly . scan a color , letter-size sheet in 7.5 seconds flat . business cards and receipts even faster . and with continuous document feeding ( cdf ) , just insert the next page , scansnap takes the paper in and the effort out . the continuous document feeding function allows you to create multiple page pdf files by inserting pages , one after another . to best serve the document type being scanned , switch the paper guide to either the `` down '' position for straight-path feeding or the `` up '' position for turn-path feeding . after scanning is complete , the selectable quick menu appears to allow users to smoothly transition between different scanning intentions without complication or guesswork . the scansnap s1100 deluxe provides users direct scanning to evernote and google docs . now you can seamlessly scan and save your scanned files to the cloud for fast and easy accessibility from just about anywhere . the scansnap s1100 deluxe features a powerful set of automated image processing functions including auto skew correction , auto orientation , and auto color detection . these intelligent features work behind the scenes to help ensure scanned content looks great without effort . scan your collection of business cards in cardminder for pc and cardiris for mac . automatically extract the important information and export it into your outlook , excel , address book ( mac ) or other contact management application . make a quick alteration and enhance productivity by scanning paperwork with machine-print back into an editable version with the included abbyy finereader for scansnap software for pc and mac .
eyepower uv mg digital currency bill money counter machine f10 . if you have serious counterfeiting issues and need to double-check while maintaining an accurate count , the eyepower f10 mg uv is the right tool for your business.stylish and compact , the new f10 accurately counts currency , reducing labor time and losses due to human error while providing you with the peace of mind and time to take care of other important aspects of your business . the unit is equipped with a micro-computerized mechanism that allows an accurate and high-speed money counting process -up to 1,200 bills per minute- , addition and batching capabilities . for your safety and convenience . the f10 currency counter is an invaluable tool for supermarkets , movie theaters , retail locations and many other business environments where cash transactions are a daily routine .
royal hd1400mx 14-sheet 60-minute run-time cross-cut shredder . 14 sheet extended run time shredder.a few pieces of shredded paper may be found inside the shredder and the waste basket . this is normal . all royal shredders are tested at the factory to insure quality . with over 100 years experience manufacturing office equipment , royal has played a major role in the evolution of the paper shredder . the hd1400mx is one of our finest efforts in personal home office shredders . this 14 sheet cross-cut paper shredder offers all the power and reliability needed in today 's environment . with the added ability to shred cds , dvds and credit cards , the hd1400mx offers the most comprehensive method of protecting all your personal and business information . the 6.2 gallon slide out wastebasket with a metal mesh viewing window makes it easy to dispose of all your destroyed information . a separate cutting slot insures that cds and dvds are completely shredded , destroying all your digital information . a separate cutting slot insures that credit cards are completely shredded , destroying all your sensitive information . attention to details make the difference . it 's the details that make the hd1400mx special . it can shred up to 14 sheets of paper in a single pass into small 5 32 inch x 1 1 2 inch shreds . separate slots are provided for shredding cds , dvds and credit cards . this makes the hd1400mx perfect for destroying personal information . do n't become a victim of identity theft . the hd1400mx has an easy slide out 6.2 gallon wastebasket that holds approximately 350 sheets of shredded paper . the metal mesh viewing window in the front enables you to see when the wastebasket needs emptying . identify theft is the fastest growing crime in america . protecting yourself from identify theft is the reason why every home and business should have a paper shredder . royal believes this by offering one of the largest lines of affordable paper shredders that are designed to meet the demands of today 's world . the hd1400mx is the perfect personal home office console shredder . the powerful one horsepower motor shreds up to 14 sheets of paper at one time into small unreadable pieces . the hd1400mx also shreds cds , dvds and credit cards - completely destroying all printed and digital information . the hour glass design , combined with a slide out wastebasket , makes the hd1400mx stylish enough for any home or home office . form and function is the theme of the hd1400mx . the sturdy classic console design is the perfect accent to any office environment . the well thought-out design makes this unit easy to operate and maintain . its large 8 3 4 inch opening , conveniently located towards the front , makes feeding up to 14 sheets of paper effortless . the unique one horse power dc motor allows the hd1400mx to run continuously for 60 minutes before having to be stopped to cool down . the shredder can easily be moved from room to room on their locking casters . royal knows the hd1400mx will be perfect for your personal and home office needs . what 's in the box hd1400mx hour glass design cross-cut paper shredder with built-in power cord , 6.2 gallon slide out wastebasket with a metal mesh viewing window and instruction manual .
compatible with brother tn-450 tn450 ( tn-420 , tn420 ) high yield toner refill for hl-2230 , hl-2240 , hl-2270 , hl-2280 , mfc-7360 , mfc-7460dn , mfc-7860dw , dcp-7060 , dcp-7060d , dcp-7065dn - with reset flag gear , lever included . compatible printers : hl-2130 , hl-2135w , hl-2220 , hl-2230 , hl-2240 , hl-2250 , hl-2270 , hl-2280dw , mfc-7360 , mfc-7460dn , mfc-7860dw , dcp-7060 , dcp-7060d , dcp-7065dn , intellifax-2840 kit includes - 1 x sealed toner bottle of 100 grams 1 x reset gear ( spring , gear , cover ) 1 x red tip funnel cap 1 x pair of gloves 1 x instruction sheet visit our store for other products you might need : http : www.amazon.com gp browse.html ? ie=utf8 & marketplaceid=atvpdkikx0der & me=a3t6rbzat1e8kz
kokuyo harinacs japanese stapleless stapler black . eight pieces of paper increasing twice as much as conventional products is possible . you can staple paper without needle and not need the needle supply . in addition , it is not necessary to separate it when you discard stapled paper , and you do n't have to worry to get mixed with others with a needle . it is the design which is stylish with the compact which you can put away in a drawer of the desk . eight pieces can be stapled , and is hard to come off ; is eight pieces of handy types ? when you staple paper , there is a hole ? it is stapled , and , depending on a kind of the paper , the number of sheets decreases and may not be closed . in addition , please be careful because retentivity may become weak . ( the thin paper including thermal paper , the copying slip , tender paper ) is not available to a thing except the paper such as ? films , the thing with the adhesive ? please use it after testing it with unnecessary paper by all means .
ticonderoga wood-cased graphite pencils , # 2 hb soft , black , 24 count ( 13926 ) . ticonderoga has a tradition of fine quality writing instruments in the us for over 100 years . the exclusive graphite core features a proprietary formula focusing on graphite mined from carefully controlled sources to deliver extra smooth performance . top-quality latex-free erasers remove marks completely without smudging . premium wood harvested from responsibly managed sources provides smooth , even sharpening with minimal breakage . teachers prefer ticonderoga for its dependability and craftsmanship . when only the best will do , choose ticonderoga brand pencils .
panasonic kx-tg7624sk dect 6.0 link-to-cell bluetooth cordless phone with 4-handset . with the panasonic kx-tg7624sk dect 6.0 plus , expandable , cordless phone you can move freely around your home while enjoying long range and amazingly clear sound . dect 6.0 technology provides voice encryption to protect you from eavesdropping and battery life feature for ultra convenience . this panasonic phone system can support up to 6 handsets . store the caller id info of any and all unwanted callers into your phone 's call block list so that you can eliminate future pesky calls . with link-to-cell 's phonebook transfer feature , you can transfer up to 600 names and numbers from your cell phone to the built-in handset directory via bluetooth .
deluxe signicade a-frame sidewalk curb sign with quick-change system , white . deluxe a-frame sandwich board signs are the perfect way to easily display your message outdoors . the large 2 ft. x 3 ft. signs can be quickly positioned on a sidewalk or parking lot to draw customers into your store , or direct people to your booth or event . these sign frames have built-in tabs on the left and right side to quickly swap out your message when needed . sign is hollowed out and can be ballasted with up to 10 lbs . of sand on both sides for added wind weather resistance . display panels not included .
sparco name badge kit , top loading with clip , 3 x 4 inches , 50 per box , clear ( spr19184 ) . badge kit includes insert cards and top-loading , clip-style holders . clip-style holders are sealed on three sides to hold name tags securely . inserts are compatible with laser and inkjet printers and are 0.15mm thick .
uniden drx100 dect 6.0 accessory range extender for landline . uniden range extenders double the useful range for the cordless handsets in your system . place drx100 range extenders ( up to 2 units maximum per system ) in different places at your home or business , and enjoy talking further away from the base than ever before ! works only with certain uniden series including the d1660 , d1680 , d1685 , d1688 , d2280 , d3280 , d3288 , dect3080 , dect3181 series phones . it 's also compatible with the dect4066 , dect4086 , dect4096 and wxi3077 phones . uniden drx100 dect 6.0 accessory range extender for landline uniden range extenders double the useful range for the cordless handsets in your system . place drx100 range extenders ( up to 2 units maximum per system ) in different places at your home or business , and enjoy talking further away from the base than ever before ! works only with certain uniden series including the d1660 , d1680 , d1685 , d1688 , d2280 , d3280 , d3288 , dect3080 , dect3181 series phones . it 's also compatible with the dect4066 , dect4086 , dect4096 and wxi3077 phones . dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dcx160 , drx100 range extender dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 dwx337 1 2 3 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 1 2 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 12 no no no no no no no base only base only base only base only base only 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 x x x x x x x x x x x x 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches 1.36 inches x 1.3 inches no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only no lcd - call counter only 2.28 inches x 0.94 inches 2.28 inches x 0.94 inches 2.28 inches x 0.94 inches 2.8 inches x 1.65 inches 2.8 inches x 1.65 inches x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x
frosted vertical rigid badge holder i.d . card dispenser with easy access red extractor slide by specialist id , sold individually . frosted vertical id badge holder with red extractor slide by specialist id . holds one standard credit card sized id badge . card slides in from the top and locks securely into the badge holder .
lapgear mydesk 45346 green . living life a little less large , yet still want the wide-range use of an all purpose lapdesk ? lapgear has got you covered . small in size but big on universal appeal , the lapgear mydesk offers full-scale usefulness . it 's perfect for those who like to live life large in a compact sort of way .
ion isc08 document scanner . when you need something scanned you do n't want to wait for a computer to start up , hunt for a cable and then have to figure out how to work the software . ion docuscan solves this problem and gives you a one-touch , stand-alone solution for converting all your photos and documents to digital files directly to an sd card . docuscan 's slim , sleek design is a perfect addition to any home , office or dorm room . alternatively , docuscan 's sd card support and portable design gives you the flexibility to scan remotely without the need of a computer . an adjustable paper feeder gives you the convenience of setting the most commonly used photo sizes ( 3x5 , 4x6 , 6x8 ) for quick , accurate conversion . you can scan documents up to standard letter sizes of 8 ' x 11 '' in both color and black-and-white . docuscan 's high-resolution 300 dpi scanning ability ensures you will not lose any quality during the conversion process and the included `` paper sleeve '' protects your originals while scanning . with docuscan , what you scan is preserved perfectly in digital form and will never deteriorate like paper photos and documents . with docuscan , you can monitor your scanned images and documents immediately after being scanned with docuscan 's integrated 2.4 '' lcd screen with zoom and rotate functions . share your photos easily by ejecting the sd card and inserting it into any compatible reader such as a digital photo frame , mobile phone or computer . connect docuscan directly to a mac or pc computer , without the need of drivers , with the included usb cable . just plug-in and drag-and-drop your files over to your computer for archival or uploading to the internet . with preset photo sizes , high-resolution 300 dpi scanning and one-touch , stand-alone operation , docuscan gives you the simplest , most flexible , method of updating all your photos from the past and preserving any documents for the future . whatever you want to scan and wherever you want to scan it , docuscan is ready when you are .
altoedge transcription foot pedal bundle . this transcription kit combines a heavy duty altoedge usb foot pedal ( in-ae-s ) and express scribe professional transcription software ( license + cd ) . a typist can install express scribe on their computer and control audio playback using the foot pedal . the transcribing software also offers valuable features for typists including variable speed playback , multi-channel control , playing video , file management , and more . the included foot pedal pedal is one of the most popular transcription usb foot pedals available . weighing only 2.3 lbs its stands its ground , regardless of foot size and the re-sculpted contour of the new in-ae-s is molded with a sleek low profile and wider flare at the base of the foot pedal , offering greater flexibility in foot size and foot movement , the internal durable and sensitive switches provide you with an `` easy- touch '' response and minimal resistance , offering long-lasting comfort . you will receive 1 x altoedge usb foot pedal , 1 x spectra sp-usb transcription headset , 1 x express scribe professional license and 1 x nch software installation cd .
oki data b431dn black digitral mono printer ( 40 ppm ) . if youre looking to improve the productivity and lower the operating costs of your business , the b411 b431 series offers all of that and more . for starters , select series models deliver up to 40 ppm , with the first page printing in less than 5 seconds.1 they produce output in black & white thats clear and crisp , at up to 1200 x 1200 dpi resolution2 , using a two-piece consumables system for long-lasting performance and a low cost of operation .
canon pixma mp499 wireless all-in-one printer . canon pixma mp499 wireless all-in-one printer
dymo 1760685 cardscan personal card scanner . scan data from business cards directly into your pc , mac , or palm or windows mobile device . add information directly to outlook ( windows only ) . personal scanner is small enough to fit in the palm of your hand . business card management was never easier . scans only black and white cards . reads cards in 7 languages from 14 different countries . verifies and correct us addresses and zip + 4 codes . use our software to drag and drop address information from emails and web pages .
ge dect 6.0 four handset caller id speakerphone with digital answering system , pearl white ( 28522ae4 ) . ge provides the highest quality communication products with progressive technology which are effortless to use and elegant in their design . our commitment to innovation for enhancing the lives of our customers is equally shared with our dedication to preserve a clean natural environment for future generations . the ge dect 6.0 four handset caller id cordless speakerphone with digital answering system features dect 6.0 digital technology and allows up to 20 minutes of recording time . it includes 4 cordless handsets , is wifi friendly , and provides up to 10 hours of talk time . the handsets offer a speakerphone for hands-free communication , on hook dialing ( pre-dial ) , mute , flash , call timer , auto answer , handset naming , and a real-time clock . select from 10 ring tones and store up to 30 names and numbers . additional features include caller id , call waiting , phonebook matching and voice message waiting indication . the ge dect 6.0 four handset caller id speakerphone with digital answering system provides alphabetical phonebook searching , handset access to messages , and selections for outgoing , prerecorded and user recorded announcements . you can also screen calls and access messages remotely using a programmable security code . this phone system is also energy star certified , providing a responsible way to save energy and money , while protecting our environment . ge has been a continuous leader in innovation for the electronics industry , introducing advanced products that enhance and improve consumer lifestyles . which ge phone is right for you ? 28512 28522 30522 30524 30542 30544 30784 30385 caller id call waiting stores last 30 incoming calls stores last 30 incoming calls stores last 50 incoming calls stores last 50 incoming calls stores last 40 incoming calls stores last 40 incoming calls stores last 50 incoming calls stores last 50 incoming calls telephone answering system 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes 30 minutes 30 minutes hands-free speakerphone handset speakerphone handset speakerphone handset speakerphone handset and base speakerphone handset speakerphone handset and base speakerphone handset and base speakerphone base speakerphone corded power fail operation amplified audio `` boost '' handset expandability bluetooth enabled usb cell charging port
corner rounder cutter with 4 dies , round cornering machine for stack paper . heavy duty . . heavy duty all metal with hardened steel cutting die heavy metal base to keep the machine steady while cutting ideal for cutting business cards , photos , booklets , notepads , coroplast board , plastic cards , magnet sheets , thin aluminum sheet , etc . cutting thickness : up to 1-1 5 '' ( or 40 business cards ) stack of material per cut standard cutting dies provided : r5 , r6 , r7 r5 means circle radius 5mm ( 0.197 inch ) r6 means circle radius 6mm ( 1 4 inch ) r7 means circle radius 7mm ( 0.276 ) package dimension : 12 x 8 x 9 '' package weight : 20 lbs
rca 25214 na 1-handset 2-line landline telephone . model number : 25214 is a stand alone 2 line corded telephone system that supports your home office needs . it features a voicemail waiting indicator , call waiting caller id with 99 name number log , full-duplex speakerphone , 10 programmable one-touch speed dials , 99 name number directory , easy-to-read backlit lcd display , 2-line conferencing , do not disturb privacy setting , headset jack , the display can be switched from english to spanish or french , digital volume control , can be desk or wall mounted , hearing aid compatible and a 2 year warranty for customer service assistance , dial 1.800.511.3180
generic 1 pack compatible tn450 tn 450 tn-450 tn 420 tn420 tn-420 black toner cartridge for brother hl-2280dw hl-2270dw hl-2240 mfc-7240 mfc-7860dw mfc-7460dn dcp-7065dn hl-2240d printer .
swissvoice epure - dect 6.0 design home cordless telephone - black . epure comes with all essential telephone functions and combines a unique neo-retro design with indispensable technology : thanks to cordless telephoning , low-radiation fulleco mode and high sound quality , epure offers maximum user comfort . epure - the perfect synthesis of design and function , a symbiosis of historical and technological developments . the swissvoice epure iconic dect telephone is available in glossy black , white or striking red colours . click here to see a larger image . swissvoice epure full eco digitally enhanced cordless telephone ( dect ) sleek look and smart features house phones have been making a comeback recently , with designs that demand them to be pride of place in your household , like the rest of your gadgets . the epure telephone by swissvoice  s modern design is a great example of this , an iconic designer dect telephone that combines cutting edge neo-retro styling with precision swiss engineering . the epure telephone cleverly combines a comfortable design from the past with the technology of the future . it  s easy to set-up , easy to use and looks chic in any environment . available in a glossy black , white or striking red , this eye-catching cordless analogue device from swissvoice boasts the latest energy-saving and low emission technologies . it  s a cool , classic home phone . with a backlit display and the option of handsfree operation , the unique handset represents a fusion of desirability and modern innovation based on a compact , sleek design , easy operation and durable construction . when you see the new swissvoice epure telephone for the first time , you  ll get the impresion of something vaguely new and yet distinctly familiar at the same time . this is because the epure closely resembles the old iconic telephone designs with one big difference  there  s nothing old about this latest communication gadget from swissvoice . aside from the blend of futuristic and classic symbolic design , swissvoice epure comes with the practical convenience of a classic handset . swissvoice have also loaded the epure with all the trappings of a modern phone including : clock and alarm , appointments and reminders , 10 hi-fi ring tones , keypad lock , and accepts call upon receiver pick up . for call management , this phone can store up 100 names , display caller number , name , and call duration , and save the last 10 phone numbers used . for network access , the epure digital wireless telephone uses an analogue network and supports dtmf or pulse dialling . with the option of handsfree operation , you don  t even have to hold this phone . featuring a 1.4 '' backlit dot matrix display , handsfree operation on the handset , up to 300m outdoor range and 50m indoors , loudspeaker , low energy consumption , as well as a two year warranty , this phone has it all . with its long talk time of up to 10 hours and 150 hours standby , you can talk as long as you like on the swissvoice epure . also included with this phone are comfort features such as adjustable ringer and loudspeaker ( 5 levels on each ) , secrecy function , call transfer , and conference internally and externally between handsets . you and your family can enjoy clear conversation on the swissvoice epure , thanks to its high sound quality . this clarity of conversation also applies to hands-free mode - multitasking is a pleasure when talking in crystal clear sound . the low energy consumption power adaptor and full eco mode makes this phone kinder to the environment , and kinder to your wallet .
marvel thor hammer pewter key ring . thor hammer pewter key ring by monogram international is very popular item for any thor fan . this is exact small replicate of mjolnir with odin 's quote : `` whoever wields this hammer , if he be worthy , shall possess the power of thor '' .
at & t dect 6.0 expandable cordless phone system with talking caller id and digital answering system - 2 handset pack . features : high contrast white backlight push-to-talk for instant and easy communication between handsets choose from 4 preset profiles hd audiotaking sound quality to the next level caller id announcehear the name of the incoming caller without looking at the phone dect 6.0 digital technology unsurpassed range  redefining long range coverage and clarity handset speakerphone expandable system ( use up to 12 handsets through a single phone jack ) intercom between handsets intercom call transfer 50 name number phonebook directory lighted keypad on handset ( s ) large white lighted display selectable ringer melodies handset volume control ringer volume control any key answer english spanish french setup menu on-hook dialing auto off mute last 10 number redial table wall mountable caller id call waiting capability 50 name number caller id history voicemail waiting indicator new call indicator missed call indicator display dial 14 minutes of digital recording time call screening intercept remote access message retrieval from handset message time day stamp voice prompts memo recording base telephone line cord user 's manual no headset jack no belt clip included package contents : base 2 cordless handset ( s ) 1 charger ( s ) telephone line cord 2 ac adapter ( s ) 2 battery pack ( s ) [ model # bt266342 ( 89-1347-02 ) ] user 's manual
hp 61 black ink cartridge ( ch561wn ) , 2 ink cartridges ( cz073fn ) for hp deskjet . hp 61 black ink cartridge ( ch561wn ) , 2 ink cartridges ( cz073fn ) . hp 61 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet 1000 , 1010 , 1012 , 1050 , 1051 , 1055 , 1056 , 1510 , 1512 , 1514 , 1051 , 2050 , 2510 , 2512 , 2514 , 2540 , 2541 , 2542 , 2543 2544 , 2546 , 2547 , 3000 , 3050 , 3051 , 3052 , 3054 , 3056 , 3510 , 3511 , 3512hp envy 4500 , 4502 , 4504 , 5530 , 5531 , 5532 , 5534 , 5535. hp officejet 2620 , 2621 , 4630 , 4632 hp 61 ink cartridge yield ( approx . ) per cartridge : 190 pages . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 61 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 61 pack of 2 ink cartridges ( cz073fn ) : 2 black 61 ink cartridges ( ch561wn ) color : black .
hp 60 black original ink cartridges , 2 pack ( cz071fn ) . hp 60 black original ink cartridge ( cc640wn ) , 2 cartridges ( cz071fn ) . hp 60 ink cartridges work with : hp deskjet d2530 , d2545 , f2430 , f4224 , f4440 , f4480 . hp envy 100 , 110 , 111 , 114 , 120. hp photosmart c4640 , c4650 , c4680 , c4780 , c4795 , d110 . cartridge yield ( approx . ) per cartridge : 200 pages . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 60 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 60 ink cartridges ( cz071fn ) color : black .
ergonomic mesh computer office desk midback task chair w metal base . we present this brand new modern type office chair with a unique appearance and feel , unlike most office chairs on the market . whether it be your home or office , this mesh chair with its unique design will look good in any space . it comes with a heavy duty metal base that allows 360 swivel availability . its breathable mesh back rest makes this chair very comfortable . adjustable height 17.7 - 20.9 '' ; back size : 19.5 '' ( l ) x 18.3 '' ( w ) ; seat size : 20.1 '' ( l ) x 20 '' ( w ) . feature ergonomic office chair with beautiful generous and strong practicability . ergonomic mesh seat keep the air circulation in your back and hip , keep the cool while you working , gaming , relaxing . size and look makes the office chair ideal for any conference room or office seating , the back executive styling to make you feel relax . the computer desk chair with heavy-duty metal base and arms supports are an attractive contrast to the black finish , with lock height control . 360 degree swivel wheel and chair can be more flexible in working station . follow the office chair instruction , you 'll found easy to set up in about 10-15mins , supports up to 250 pound . office chair computer chair desk chair mesh chair ergonomic chair adjustable chair task chair swivel chair rolling chair office computer desk mesh ergonomic adjustable task swivel rolling chair computer chair desk chair mesh chair office chair ergonomic chair adjustable chair task chair swivel chair rolling chair swivel chair rolling chair office chair computer chair desk chair mesh chair ergonomic chair adjustable chair task chair mesh chair ergonomic chair office chair computer chair desk chair adjustable chair task chair swivel chair rolling chair .
my weigh ultraship u2 digital scale with power supply adapter . my weigh ultraship u2 digital shipping scale power supply adapter
epson stylus photo r2000 wireless wide-format color inkjet printer ( c11cb35201 ) . take your creativity and productivity to the next level with the advanced features and uncompromising quality of the epson stylus photo r2000 . this robust , 13-wide printer delivers remarkable efficiency and versatility with high-capacity cartridges , and networking and wireless connectivity , along with flexible media handling . epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 pigment ink , delivered through epsons advanced micropiezo amc print head , yields beautiful archival prints with an unprecedented glossy look and feel . offering the latest in wired and wireless networking , the r2000 makes it easy to print from anywhere in your home or office . now , you can take your creativity further with the next generation in high-performance , pigment printing technology . epson stylus photo r2000 wide format printer enlarge the printer that will make your creativity shine take your creativity and productivity to the next level with the advanced features and uncompromising quality of the epson stylus photo r2000 . this robust , 13  -wide printer delivers remarkable efficiency and versatility with high-capacity cartridges , and networking and wireless connectivity , along with flexible media handling . epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 pigment ink , delivered through epson  s advanced micropiezo amc print head , yields beautiful archival prints with an unprecedented glossy look and feel . offering the latest in wired and wireless networking , the r2000 makes it easy to print from anywhere in your home or office . now , you can take your creativity further with the next generation in high-performance , pigment printing technology .  the epson stylus photo r2000 13-inch printer won this category by offering several features typically found only in higher-priced models , such as pigment-based inks , flexible media handling , and large-capacity cartridges.  ~professional photographer , ( march 2012 ) `` the epson stylus photo r2000 offers a balance of speed , output quality , paper handling , features , and price that make it highly attractive . most of all , it 's unusually affordable for its level of output quality . for the moment at least , there is nothing else in its price class that even comes close to challenging it . and that makes it a clear editors ' choice . '' ~pcmag.com , ( august 23 , 2011 ) envision achieving high-level creative results is a daunting task . it begins with you  your vision , your eye , your imagination . and it ends with the tools you use to bring those ideas to life . which is where the epson stylus photo r2000 comes in . it includes advanced features and quality you  d expect in a professional level printer  pigment-based inks , significantly larger capacity cartridges and flexible media handling . you can also print anywhere in your home office or studio with both ethernet and wireless-n connectivity . and the closer you look , the more advantages you find . this 13-inch wide ink jet printer also includes epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink and a revolutionary micropiezo amc print head . together they combine to create exceptionally high quality prints with an unmatched glossy look and feel . when it comes to performance and productivity , the epson stylus photo r2000 will take your creativity to the next level . capture hi-gloss technology that really shines . the epson stylus photo r2000 features a remarkable 8-color pigment ink set that delivers unprecedented print quality you can share for a lifetime . the high-gloss microcrystal encapsulated inks include instant-dry properties and immediate color stability to ensure archival prints that are highly smudge , fade and water resistant . in addition , auto-selecting photo and matte black inks deliver the deepest blacks and boldest colors on matte and photographic media . ink capacity for up to 50 % more prints . the epson stylus photo r2000 offers true professional productivity with significantly larger capacity ink cartridges that can produce more prints between cartridge changes . this means less downtime and improved productivity . and , each color has its own individual cartridge so you replace only the one you need . create unparalleled connectivity . the epson stylus photo r2000 comes with advanced connectivity features that enable you to choose the setup that suits your needs . use the built-in 100 mbit ethernet for wired networking or the latest in wi-fi certified 802.11n technology for the fastest wireless connectivity to date . if you prefer a direct connection , the r2000 also offers hi-speed usb 2.0. with this kind of flexibility , you have the convenience and peace of mind that comes with knowing you can print anywhere the need arises . advanced imaging technology . created through a collaboration between epson and the rochester institute of technology  s munsell color science laboratory , accuphoto hg imaging technology combines a complex mathematical architecture with advanced screening technology using epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 ink to ensure outstanding image quality even when printing in higher speed modes . treasure enlarge epson ultrachrome hi-gloss 2 includes red and orange inks to ensure an ultra-wide range of colors and smooth , vibrant skin tones . additional enhancements to the ink set deliver lush greens and richer blues . shine unsurpassed media flexibility . like all professional quality printers , the epson stylus photo r2000 supports a full range of media . it can print borderfree photos from 4 '' x 6 '' up to 13 '' x 19 '' in popular photo and paper sizes , including 12 '' x 12 '' . it easily handles glossy , luster , matte and fine art media , including canvas . it also accommodates 1.3 mm thick board , ink jet printable cd dvds and roll paper for panoramas up to 13 '' x 44 '' . whether you  re printing a series for gallery display , a comp for presentation or a customized cd or dvd , the epson stylus photo r2000 has the capability and versatility to deliver outstanding results to even the most particular individuals .
vtech vt-cs6329-3 dect_6.0 3-handset landline telephone . telephone features : dect 6.0 digital technology provides the best sound quality , security and range in cordless phones interference free for crystal clear conversations , wo n't interfere with wireless networks and other electronic devices protect yourself from identity theft with digital security , your call is digitized and encrypted , making it nearly impossible for someone to eavesdrop two handset system , includes 2 handsets and requires only one phone jack expandable up to 5 handsets using only one phone jack handset speakerphone , enjoy hands-free conversations on each handset intercom between handsets , no more shouting `` dinner time ! '' transfer calls between handsets , no more shouting `` it 's for you ! '' conference an outside call between handsets 50 name and number phonebook directory , easily store and dial frequently called numbers voicemail waiting indicator , con and text message on the handset silently alert you when you have messages waiting any key answer backlit keypad and display handset volume control last number redial-quickly redial the last 20 numbers called trilingual menu prompts-choose between english , french or spanish page handset locator selectable ring tones wall mount bracket included compatible with hearing aid t-coil-reduces noise and interference when used with t-coil equipped hearing aids and cochlear implant caller id call waiting features : caller id call waiting-stores 100 calls display dial answering system features : digital answering system , no tapes or moving parts remote message retrieval , call in from anywhere to get your messages up to 11 minutes of recording time audible time and date stamp on recorded messages message retrieval from handset bilingual voice prompts , choose between english or french
amazonbasics 8-sheet strip-cut paper , cd , and credit card shredder . an amazon brand .
lakeshore classroom carry-all .
infiniter wireless presenter with green laser pointer and ergonomic touch sensor mouse ( lr-12gr ) . the choice of professional . the infiniter lr12-gr green laser presenter has the most advanced features of any presenter on the market . made for professionals that need to have total control over their presentations the lr12 can remote control your slide presentation up and down and also has a wireless mouse control function . it can be easily controlled with only one finger and the bright green laser means that it is perfect for presentations in large-scaled conference rooms or in an outdoor area . this ergonomically designed presenter is made of a soft rubber material that has an excellent hand feeling . in addition to transmitting a powerful green laser it integrates the 2.4 ghz fro unidirectional remote control technology that can even be used with your back to the receiver , allowing you freedom of movement during the presentation .
library book pocket book card combo pack -100ea pkg . package includes 100 of our most popular self-adhesive , deep , low back book pockets and 100 of our most popular 2-column grid book cards with space for date due and borrower 's name . lines for author and title are printed above the grid . medium weight book cards are made from 27 % recycled index card stock , have excellent holding surface to prevent ink feathering and resist wearing , fraying and tearing . 3 x 5 '' , white , 100 cards included . pockets are made from highest grade # 77 pale cream , acid-free , high-fiber content paper to insure tear resistance and durability . 3-3 4 '' d pocket holds standard-width book cards and measure 4-1 2 '' h x 3-1 2 '' w .
vtech ls6475-3 dect 6.0 1-line 3-handset cordless phone bundle . about the vtech ls6475-3 - 3-handset bundle : enjoy private cordless hands-free conversation anywhere in your home or office . the dect 6.0 cordless headset gives you the same interference free , superior sound , and long range you expect with a traditional dect 6.0 cordless handset . the phone is expandable up to 12 handsets using only one phone jack . the phone also features interference free for crystal clear conversations-wo n't interfere with wireless networks and other electronic devices . features a one blue backlit keypad and display , digital answering system and tri-lingual menu setup . 50 names and numbers can be easily stored in the phone . moreover wall mount bracket are included with the phone . features and specs : includes a cordless headset with ear hook and earbud attached , 2 additional ear hooks , 3 additional earbuds , telephone line cord , head band , handset battery compartment cover , handset battery , handset charger and charger adapter , telephone base . voice announce caller id - audibly announces the name and number of the caller on all handsets and base unit . no need to find the handset to see who is calling . makes screening calls that much easier . dect 6.0 digital technology provides the best sound quality , security and range in cordless phones bundle includes : vtech ls6475-3 dect 6.0 1-line 2-handset cordless phone vtech dect 6.0 accessory handset caller id call waiting ( 2 count ) focus micro-fiber cleaning cloth
remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for hp 60xl cc641wn cc644wn ( 1 black 1 color 2 pack ) . save even more with our 2 pack of professionally remanufactured hp 60xl high yield inkjet cartridges . this set includes 1 hp cc641wn ( hp 60xl ) high yield black cartridge , and 1 hp cc644wn ( hp 60xl ) high yield color cartridge . why pay twice as much for brand name hp ink cartridges when our remanufactured printer supplies deliver excellent quality results for a fraction of the price ? manufactured to meet the highest quality and performance standards . our compatible brand replacement ink cartridges for your hewlett packard printer are backed by a full 1 year 100 % satisfaction guarantee . so stock up now and save even more ! our cartridges are manufactured in an internationally certified iso 9002 factory , come with a 100 % 365 day money back guarantee and technical support .
parker vector red fountain pen medium nib . the parker vector 's characteristics of practicality , style and robustness make it the ideal writing instrument for students and professionals . vector is the simplest , hard working parker tool . vector is an essential that you can really take for granted , as it has parker craftsmanship , guaranteed .
wood-framed chalkboard ( black ; 24 x 36ins ) . wood-framed chalkboard ( black ; 24 x 36ins ) ; recommended minimum age : 4 years
cassida c200 coin sorter , counter , and roller . a complete solution to coin counting . the cassida c200 is an all-in-one solution for any coin handling need . easy to use , it counts , adds , batches , and wraps automatically . easy to use the c200 recognizes individual denominations and sorts them automatically into large bins . no dials and no knowledge of coin dimensions required . just load the hopper , press start , and walk away . grand total of all coins is displayed and detailed reports for each denominations are within a buttons reach . counting , adding , and batching the c200 includes all the counting modes you would expect to find on a cassida-designed coin sorter . batch mode counts amounts as low as 1 coin or as high as 500. an easy-to-read led display shows both number of coins and dollar amount for each denomination , as well as the grand total . one step sorting and wrapping it takes only seconds to exchange the c200s bins for the included wrapping attachments . one button sets roll batch amounts for all denominations and c200 stops automatically when a wrapper is full , great for fast-paced environments where there is a need to switch between wrapping and bulk sorting . fast , but quiet the c200 is quiet in operation , even when counting and sorting at 300 coins per minute !
fine tagging kit-top of the line avery dennison 10312 gun with 4 avery dennison replacement needles and 5000 avery dennison barbs . tagging gun
canon office products hs-1200ts business calculator . the canon hs-1200ts may be small in terms of dimensions , but this portable desktop calculator is enhanced with many sophisticated features . the 12-digit , upright angled , liquid crystal display provides large , easy-to-read numbers for maximum viewing comfort . the display indicates the operation symbol ( + , - , x , ) during a calculation and will also show the equals sign ( = ) when your result is displayed . the high-quality keys on the hs-1200ts incorporate a `` pc-like '' keyboard touch to help confirm data entry with every press of a key . this enhanced accuracy will assist you when calculating important business and sales numbers such as the cost , selling price or the desired profit margin of an item .
uxcell metal frame business credit id card case holder organizer . business credit id card holder metal frame case organizer . elegant design metal business card case is a slim and compact storage solution . interior soft lining protects your cards from scratches or any possible damages . this metal card holder is easy to open and close . it holds about 10 to 15 cards depending on thickness of cards . with this metal card case , you can keep your name , credit , id and business cards organized and clean for handing out . easy to carry in your pocket or purse .
brand new compatible black laser toner ( drum unit dr450 dr-420 for printers m ... . new compatible dr420 2200 2225 2245 2250 2255 2275 22j ld2441 ld2641 toner cartridge-drum is the compatible replacement of the oem model .
jinhao 250 stainless steel gold trim fountain pen - medium . metal steel chrome , length ( approx ) : 140mm weight ( approx ) : 35g diameter:13mm , nib f 14kgp cap : push on off , 30-day refund & 120- day warranty , all these manufacturer warranty only provide by phgiveu , please note ! , ink cartridge international standard , removable converter & refillable
franklin bib-475 holy bible , king james and niv versions with holman dictionary . franklin bib-475 holy bible , king james & niv versions with holman dictionarycomplete text of old & new testaments for each version of the bible ; instantly cross-reference between kjv or niv bibles & holman bible dictionary ; search by book , chapter , verse or keywords with ; phonetic spell correction ; daily devotional verses provide inspiration ; bookmark favorite passages ; learn-a-verse introduces a new verse ; organizer includes databank to store names & numbers , calculator , metric currency converters & local world clock ; 9-line display with backlight ; toll-free customer service hotline ; 1-year limited warranty
new classic wood lap desk , mahogan ( computers notebooks ) . manufacturer : the original lapdesk company dba lapgearmanufacturer part number : 45188manufacturer website address : brand name : lapgearproduct model : 45188product name : euro lap deskproduct type : lap restcompatibility : notebook - 17.3 '' material : woodweight ( approximate ) : 3.60 lb
m5 scale , 5lb digital postal scale . postal scale 's lcd screen displays weight in easy-to-read , digital format in pounds ounces or kilograms grams . shipping scale fits on any desk , stores in most desk drawers . hold feature locks weight display for 10 seconds after item is removed ; convenient when large package or envelope blocks view of display . tare function ( weigh items in a container minus weight of container ) . automatically shuts off when scale is not in use to conserve battery power . operates on 3 aaa batteries ( included ) . 7.8 inches long by 9.09 inches wide by 2.63 inches high . 1.52 pounds .
brand new epson printer stylus workforce 30 with empty ciss for pigment or sublimation ink . brand new epson printer stylus workforce 30 ( no epson cartridge included ) with empty ciss for pigment or sublimation ink non-oem
credit card protector sleeve clear 12 mil ( 20 ) . maximum strength credit card protector ; highly transparent with offset opening to insert and remove cards easily ; slightly larger than a credit card ; 12mil thick poly , ( total thickness is 24mil ) ; tight fit in man 's wallet ; do not use for rfid `` blocking ''
exit light combo red compact ** all led ** high output . an efficient and secure exit sign emergency light combo . save money buying this 2-in-1 product . includes maintenance-free nicad backup battery and works on either 120 or 277 vac . faceplate includes knock-out left right arrows and is 1 or 2 sided . ul listed .
authentic 19x13x11 6 gallon 24 quart rectangular dairy milk crate ( black ) . authentic stackable rectangular dairy crate , the same high quality plastic dairy milk crate that is used by dairy farms and film industry . made from high quality hdpe plastic that is soft enough not to crack when dropped but strong enough to withstand years of abuse . this product features reinforced handles and designed with heavy duty use in mind . it will hold 50 pounds or more , and it will serve you well for years to come . this crate measures 19 '' x13 '' x11 '' and also known as 6 gallon 24 quart rectangular plastic dairy or milk crate . rest assured , knowing that this product is of the same quality and strength that you would expect from a real deal dairy crate the same crate you can find at you local supermarket or a grocery store .
clarity c410 amplified 30db cordless 900mhz telephone . the clarity c410 amplified cordless phone featuring clarity power technology makes words not only louder , but also clearer and easier to understand . amplifies incoming sounds up to 30 decibels . it has bright visual ringer and large lighted dial pad .
sol corp ( non-oem ) 2 pack refill kit for use in brother tn-450 tn450 toner for hl-2230 hl-2240 hl-2240d hl-2270dw . for use in hl-2230 hl-2240 hl-2240d hl-2270dw
generic 2 pack high yield 3,000 pages compatible toner cartridge replacement for canon cartridge 128 crg-128 compatible used for imageclass mf4450 mf4570 mf4770n mf4580 mf4880dw mf4890dw d530 d550 .
400 label outfitters large pre numbered laser or inkjet printable raffle , event , or other tickets with numbered stub , white , 100 sheets . we normally stock white from 0001-8000 , if you need a specific sequence of numbers please contact us by phone or email before placing your order .
indiary genuine buffalo leather writing journal with strap closure and handmade paper - 7x5 inch simple and elegant - expedition . indiary - genuine leather diaries this premium leather journal comes in a classic style and has been manufactured to the highest quality . its fine and pleasant scent of soft buffalo leather will instantly send you back to the old days . the pages are entirely manufactured from only the best handmade paper and well suited to use with ink , ballpoint pens and plain pencils . the pages are tightly bound so that the journal can follow you where ever you go and whatever you do . as a note- or sketchbook , or for collecting your thoughts , just to name a few examples . it is without a doubt a remarkably individual gift and a valuable possession full of personality . highlights : - made of finest , manually processed buffalo leather with a clean , refined finish - small flower blossoms have been worked into the paper by hand making each and every page unique your gift for friends and family or just to say : thank you !
jinhao deluxe golden double dragon fountain pen with ink refills converter . fantastic gift jinhao 18kgp deluxe pen is meticulously crafted under very strict testing standards , guaranteeing the quality of each part of the pen . you can own this exquisite masterpiece at a surprisingly low price . completely brand new deluxe golden style , classical chinese dragon carved , comes with engraved ancient bamboo story of `` thirty six strategies '' in a presentation box together with convertor . this dragon pen is a new series design of jinhao brand , `` two dragons playing with the pearl '' carved is derived from an age-old pattern which use in happy event decorating since han dynasty . two dragons on both sides and a pearl in middle . design : noblest gold dragon carved . two dragons are playing the red crystal pearl in the middle when the pen is closed . when turn out the cap and screw it on the top , you will see another playing type .
sol corp ( non-oem ) 4 pack refill kit for use in canon 104 fx-9 fx9 fx-10 fx10 toner cartridge for imageclass mf4100 d480 series . type : toner refill kit
geekcatch 3-color led programmable message display panel for indoor . anyone can program this great little sign in minutes . change the special of the day as needed without calling the printer and waiting . no more messy handwritten scrawled signs . 7 fonts , 8 scroll speeds , dozens of special characters , symbols & cartoons . remote control and complete computer software and everything you need to hook up to your computer .
board dudes 14 x 14 inches canvas style cork board ( ddy96 ) . this 14 '' x 14 '' canvas cork bulletin board adds a compact , stylish touch to any room . the unframed , fine grain cork brings is self-healing , withstanding wear and tear of repeated push pin , staple or tack use . ( 13274wa-4 )
board dudes 18 x 22 inches black framed cork board ( cyl56 ) . this 18 '' x 22 '' canvas cork board is encased in a black frame that provides a modern look to any work environment . the fine grain cork is self-healing , withstanding wear and tear of repeated push pin , staple or tack use . ( 12756un-4 )
dayminder recycled weekly appointment book , 4 7 8 '' x 8 '' inches , black ( g200-00 ) . plan your week and stay on top of your schedule with this handy appointment book .
rotring 1904257 rapid pro mechanical pencil , 0.7 mm , matte black . this long-lasting , smooth , and precise retractable mechanical pencil is a perfect professional tool for sketching and drawing . the full metal body has an ideal weight balance and a comfortable non-slip knurled metal grip . the sliding sleeve and cushioned lead mechanism provide high level of break resistance and outstanding writing and doodling comfort . a unique push mechanism give you controlled lead transportation . there is a built-in sharpener under the push-button cap . limited warranty : guaranteed for 2 years from original purchase date against defects in materials or workmanship . rotring rapid pro mechanical pencil , 0.7 mm , matte black .
generic brand new compatible lc79 high capacity printer ink cartridge 10-pack for brother printers mfc j6510dw j6710dw j6910dw lc-79 4x black , 2x cyan , magenta , yellow . generic brand new compatible lc79 high capacity printer ink cartridge 10-pack for brother printers mfc j6510dw j6710dw j6910dw lc-79 4x black , 2x cyan , magenta , yellow
brother labeling system pt1880c p-touch label maker . value pack includes brother p-touch pt-1880c labeler , ( 1 ) tz-231 12mm black ink tape , ( 1 ) tz-241 18mm black ink tape , ( 6 ) aa batteries
helix large expanding document tube 3in 7.6cm diameter , expands from 28in to 49in , water and light resistant ( x61500 ) . rigid plastic construction resists creasing and damage in transport . water and light resistant . protects delicate paper from fading and sun exposure . screw cap keep the elements out and will not come open if dropped . expands from 28 '' to 49 '' with 10 adjustable locking positions ; a must have for anyone transporting important large format plans , artwork , school projects and pictures ! convenient built in carry strap . black .
velcro brand - sticky back - general purpose adhesive , 7 8-inch squares , 32 sets , black . velcro usa 's classic hook and loop fasteners in convenient pre-cut squares . features general purpose adhesive for smooth surface applications . fast and easy , no tools or hardware required . simple peel and stick application . great for hanging signs , posters , and small objects .
generic remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for hp ch563wn ( black , tri color , 2-pack ) . remanufactured hp no 61xl 61 xl ( 563wn ch563wn and 564wn ch564wn ) black and tri-color printer ink cartridge 2-pack for hp deskjet printers ( high capacity yield black and color ch563 ch564 inkjet cartridge )
canon cli226 resetter for canon cli-226 pgi-225 cartridges . * the chip resetter come without batteries . please use a printer usb cable to connect the resetter with a computer for the power supply . never get low power ** this product includes the resetter only . no printer usb cable is included . canon cartridges are sold seperately . the package includes : chip resetter+ instruction
hewlett packard 3050a wireless all-in-one color photo printer . print , copy , and scan with the compact , wireless hp deskjet 3050a e-all-in-one , featuring hp eprint . print photos and documents from any mobile device , from virtually anywhere with hp eprint . just send it from your mobile device to your deskjet 3050a e-all-in-one and it automatically prints . this all-in-one delivers laser-quality text and vivid color , and helps save money and resources with optional high-capacity ink cartridges and hp auto-off technology , which turns the printer off when you don  t need it . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? quick and easy wireless printing and sharingautomatically connect to a network1 hp eprintprint documents , photos and more instantly from any mobile device . just send it to your printer and it prints ! 2 save energy with hp auto-off technologyturns your printer off when you don  t need it3 enlargefunctions hp eprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.3 airprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.3 features built-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily 4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documentsauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not included specifications print speed iso speeds : up to 5.5 ppm black , up to 4 ppm color4 scan resolution up to 1200-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 11.7 '' copy maximum number of copies , up to 50 paper handling 4 '' x 6 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 1,000 pages per month remember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink561190 pages61xl480 pages61165 pages61xl330 pages recommended hp paper hp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet paper more information datasheet ( pdf ) which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by side see comparison chart hp auto wireless connect may not be available for all system configurations . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from access point . for information on compatibility , visit http : www.hp.com go autowirelessconnect . requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any connected internet- and e-mail-capable device . print times may vary . some hp laserjets may require a firmware upgrade . for a list of supported documents , and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . and for additional solutions , see www.hp.com go mobile-printing-solutions . hp auto-on and auto-off capabilities subject to printer and settings . either after first page or after first set of iso test pages . for details see : http : www.hp.com go printerclaims . average cartridge yield : declared yield value in accordance with iso iec 19752 and iso iec 19798. actual yields vary based on specific use including images printed , printer , print settings and other factors . see www.hp.com learnaboutsupplies for more information .
panasonic kx-tg1062m dect 6.0 expandable digital cordless telephone with answering system with 2 handset bundle with 2 extra handsets . dect 6.0 technologyexpandable up to 6 handsets all-digital answering systembase unit works during power outagecall waiting caller idup to 3-way conference capabilityringer idlight-up indicator with ringer charger alertlighted handset keypadspeakerphone on handset & basehandset intercom & locatorcall blocksilent modedual handset systemupc : 037988481033shipping dimensions : 9.40in x 7.20in x 6.00inestimated shipping weight : 3.3
travel neck wallet badge holder , black by bags for less . bags for less travel neck wallet passport badge holder with two front zippered pockets and a clear pocket . material 600 denier w pvc backing . size 4.75 '' w x 6.5 '' h
panasonic kx-tgp500 sip dect phone system . the panasonic kx-tgp500 is a dect solution which includes the base unit and a dect cordless handset . the kx-tgp500 can be expanded to include up to 6 dect kx-tpa50 handsets . the panasonic kx-tgp500 responses to the needs of sip ip-centrix hosted pbx systems and asterisk users . conveniently , no need to setup a system telephone at every base . this system also enables you to use a range of convenient services provided by the carrier such as call forward , voice mail etc . also , this system can be used as a wireless terminal .
grandstream gxp1400 small-medium business hd ip phone . gxp1400 1405 is a next generation small-to-medium business ip phone that features 2 lines with 2 sip account , a 128x40 graphical lcd , 3 xml programmable context-sensitive soft keys , dual network ports with integrated poe ( gxp1405 only ) , and 3-way conference . the gxp1400 1405 delivers superior hd audio quality , rich and leading edge telephony features , personalized information and customizable application service , automated provisioning for easy deployment , advanced security protection for privacy , and broad interoperability with most 3rd party sip devices and leading sip ngn ims platforms . it is a perfect choice for small-to-medium businesses looking for a high quality , feature rich ip phone with affordable cost .
luxusolymp 's exclusive handmade embossed leather journal - refillable - 9 x 6.5 - tree of life - brown - lined . `` all our thoughts and strong desires are carrying highest energy . recording them on paper is the first step towards its conclusive and indisputable realization . this item is made in europe and of pure nature materials . finest italian nappa leather , real wood , rare `` simberzit '' gemstones from the ural , real fur etc ... no chemicals , lacquers or acids . highest standarts ensure a perfect finish of every and each item . remarkably as well is that our journals are refillable . filling page after page of your book you can enjoy the originality and style . on over 400 fine acid free ( 100g m2 ) pages in muted tones . you can allocate any page necessary with a thin bookmark .
westcott acm15106 trimair titanium wood guillotine paper trimmer with anti-microbial protection , 12 '' . westcott 's trimair wood guillotine paper trimmer contains anti-microbial product protection along with contemporary design , comfortable handle and an added safety guard . from the manufacturer : westcott develops home and office products unmatched in style , design and performance . we continue to deliver results that are both inspirational and functional , earning the title of `` the world 's favorite scissors '' year after year .
majestic black and gold dragon fountain pen gift box ( 21203 fp ) . brass dragon fountain pen
plustek opticbook 3800 book scanner . usb 2.0 8.5x11.69 a4 speed scanner
mont blanc meisterstuck le grand ballpoint pen , 10456 . ballpoint pen with twist mechanism , barrel and cap made of black precious resin inlaid with montblanc emblem , gold-plated clip and rings . what 's in the box : pen , ink cartridge and booklet .
accuteck heavy duty postal shipping scale with extra large display , batteries and ac adapter ( a-st65lb ) . accuteck postal scale is most top quality and practical design scale among several thousands of postal scales . with a capacity of up to 65 lbs. , you can use it for both small packages and large heavy packages . it is improved with large weighing platform , read display , press key so it is heavy duty and easy to use , while we still keep in mind to give customers a compact and durable postal scale . we add a backlight in the display for weighing items at a dark place . batteries and a first class ac adapter is included . recommended for use at home and office .
accuteck heavy duty postal shipping scale with extra large display , batteries and ac adapter ( a-st85c ) . accuteck a-st85lb heavy duty postal shipping scale with extra large display , batteries and ac adapter most durable , accurate , convenient postal scale , accuteck postal scale is most top quality and practical design scale among several thousands of postal scales . with a capacity of up to 85 lbs. , you can use it for both small packages and large heavy packages . it is improved with large weighing platform , read display , press key so it is heavy duty and easy to use , while we still keep in mind to give customers a compact and durable postal scale . large capacity up to 85lbs with 0.2oz accuracy large backlit lcd display reading modes : read in g kg , lb oz . ( i.e . 1kg20g , 2lb3oz ) hold and tare function newest calibration technology for easy calibration that most scale can not do10 year manufacturer warrantyaccuteck a-st85c comes with both batteries and ac adapter as bonus .
hp cn048an # 140 951xl ink cartridge , yellow high yield ( cn048an ) for officejet pro 251 , 276 , 8100 , 8600 , 8610 , 8620 , 8625 , 8630 . ensure dependable , high-quality results with every print . use original hp inks and impressive reliability features for worry-free consistency page after page . make a strong impression with professional color documents and outstanding color vibrancy . your documents and marketing materials will stand up to highlighter pens and water , and resist fading over time
hp 951 cn051an ink cartridge cyan magenta and yellow for officejet pro 251 , 276 , 8100 , 8600 , 8610 , 8620 , 8625 , 8630 . hp 951 ink cartridges : cyan ( cn050an ) , magenta ( cn051an ) & yellow ( cn051an ) , 3 ink cartridges ( cr314fn ) . hp 951 ink cartridges work with : hp officejet pro 251 , 276 , 8100 , 8600 , 8610 , 8620 , 8625 , 8630. hp 951 ink cartridge yield ( approx . ) per cartridge : 700 pages cyan , 700 pages magenta , 700 pages yellow . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 951 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 951 pack of 3 ink cartridges ( cr314fn ) : 1 cyan ( cn050an ) , 1 magenta ( cn051an ) & 1 yellow ( cn052an ) ink cartridge colors : cyan , magenta , yellow .
hp cn049an # 140 950 black ink cartridge ( cn049an ) for officejet pro 251 , 276 , 8100 , 8600 , 8610 , 8620 , 8625 , 8630 . print with professional quality page after page . bring laser-quality black text to your documents and marketing materials , and easily recycle your cartridges . get up to twice as many pages vs. with refills . based on a buyers laboratory inc. 2014 study commissioned by hp for the on-average performance of cartridges refilled and remanufactured compared to original hp ink cartridges
hp 950xl cn045an ink cartridge black for officejet pro 251 , 276 , 8100 , 8600 , 8610 , 8620 , 8625 , 8630 . print with professional quality page after page . bring laser-quality black text to your documents and marketing materials , and easily recycle your cartridges . get up to twice as many pages vs. with refills . based on a buyers laboratory inc. 2014 study commissioned by hp for the on-average performance of cartridges refilled and remanufactured compared to original hp ink cartridges
starter cartridge toner refill kit compatible with brother hl-2270dw . for use with thestarter cartridge . converts the starter cartridge into a high yield compatible brother tn450 toner cartridge . contains 90g of our premium print graphics toner ( same load original toner cartridge ) . save $ 53.24 ( 74.78 % ) compared to the `` office superstore '' $ 71.19 toner cartridge price .
geemarc bdp400 amplified talking telephone with extra large display , white . the big-display 40db amplified telephone with talking caller id from geemarc was developed together with the royal institute for the blind in england . it was designed according to the requirements and guidelines given by the rnib and tested at every stage of the development by focus groups of blind users whose feedback helped in the development process . it offers full vocalization of names , numbers , menu , commands , date and time .
papilio inkjet white vinyl decal paper 10 sheets . inkjet white vinyl is used for making labels , signs , graphics or window decals . printers : all . desktop inkjet printers . permanent adhesive ( removable for a few days depending on application ) for outdoors : use uv protection preventing ink fade , such as an over-laminate or a spray .
rosewood letter opener with gold blade .
carl a-5 pencil sharpener , green . quiet for office and home desks , school classroom . angel-5 . accommodates standard-size round , triangular and hexagonal colored and graphite pencils . excellent for colored leads because more supportive wood is preserved around sharpened tip than most classic manual sharpeners provide.cutter assembly may be removed to take out broken leads.warning ! - this pencil sharpener is not a toy . it is a tool to sharpen woodcased pencils . it is unsuitable for children under age 5 because it has a sharp rotary cutter inside the housing . oftentimes , very young children are as curious as older , more careful children about how things work . they may figure out how to open this sharpener thereby exposing themselves to injury .
carl angel-5 pencil sharpener , red . accommodates standard-size round , triangular and hexagonal graphite pencils . excellent for hard core colored leads when a sharp point is required . not suitable for standard soft core colored pencils because more wood support at sharpened tip is needed to prevent breaking.cutter assembly may be removed to take out broken leads.warning ! - this pencil sharpener is not a toy . it is a tool to sharpen woodcased pencils . it is unsuitable for children under age 5 because it has a sharp rotary cutter inside the housing . oftentimes , very young children are as curious as older , more careful children about how things work . they may figure out how to open this sharpener thereby exposing themselves to injury .
clarity professional w425 pro extra loud big button cordless telephone super bright visual ringer . direct connection to assistive listening devices or headset ( 2.5mm ) .long range 900mhz transmission frequency reduces interference and is wi-fi friendly.adjustable extra loud ringer ( 95db ) .super bright visual ringer.three ( 3 ) tone settings.detachable belt clip for ease of mobility around the house.eco-friendly and energy efficient operation.hearing aid compatible and tia-1083 compliant.includes ac adapter .
new cortelco multi feature telephone speakerphone 2.5 mm headset jack desk wall mountable . mute . hold . 20 speed dial locations ( one touch ) . flash . redial . speakerphone . 2.5mm headset jack . adjustable stand . desk wall mountable . hearing aid compatible . one touch call forward . call waiting off button . end call button . conference . hold ( pbx ) . clear message button . speaker volume control . handset volume control . ringer low high off . 3 programmable 1 touch memory buttons . pause .
shabby cottage chic chalkboard blackboard memo .
sauder double door storage cabinet , large , dakota oak . say goodbye to clutter and hello to organization with this storage cabinet from the homeplus collection . behind each framed panel door are two adjustable shelves and one fixed shelf . each door contains swing-out storage that features three adjustable shelves and three fixed shelves talk about storage space ! other features include adjustable base levelers and an enclosed back panel with cord access . finished in a chic dakota oak , this handsome storage cabinet is the solution for your storage needs . two adjustable shelves and one fixed shelf sit behind each door in our storage cabinet . swing-out storage door features three adjustable and three fixed shelves . this storage cabinet unit can be assembled with swing-out storage on either left or right side . framed panel doors . enclosed back panel has cord access . adjustable base levelers . dakota oak finish .
pandigital panscn08 handheld wand scanner . the twin roller wand scanner from pandigital , quickly and easily make digital copies of photos , documents , receipts , books , recipes and more , anytime , anywhere ! featuring scanrite roller tracking technology the scanner guidesperfectly to produce straight high resolution digital copies perfect for sharing , archiving and organizing . images are scanned up to 600dpi and can be saved as jpeg or pdf files . the twin roller wand scanner from pandigital , quickly and easily make digital copies of photos , documents , receipts , books , recipes and more , anytime , anywhere ! featuring scanrite roller tracking technology the scanner guides perfectly to produce straight high resolution digital copies perfect for sharing , archiving and organizing . images are scanned up to 600dpi and can be saved as jpeg or pdf files .
ergoguys arm-stand computer armrest ( eg-ergoarm ) . the arm-stand computer armrest is ergonomically designed to reduce aches and pains such as carpal tunnel syndrome in the wrist , arm , shoulder and neck areas cause by long-term use of computer and other repetitive movements .
3m laminator kit with every size laminating pouch . kit includes : tl901 scotch thermal laminator , 9 '' x 11 '' 20pk pouches ( paper size ) , 2.36 '' x 3.74 '' 20pk pouaches ( business card size ) , 2.51 '' x 4.25 '' 10pk pouches ( i.d . badges ) , 4.37 '' x 6.36 '' 20pk pouches ( 4 '' x6 '' photo ) .
dell 2150cn clr laser 24ppm prnt 600x600dpi usb2.0 256mb pcl5e 5c 6 . get professional-quality printouts without leaving the office with the dell 2150cn color laser printer . your documents print fast at up to 24 pages per minute ( actual print speed will vary with use ) and look sharp with 600x600 dpi .
narrow storage cabinet w recycle bin trash can holder or laundry hamper . framed doors open to reveal two adjustable shelves , offering considerable storage . the bottom door is built with a tilt-out mechanism , and has just enough room for a trash container .
linea italia massima line l-shaped desk . scratch- and stain-resistant woodgrain laminate with durable pvc edge and strong powder coated steel frame . configures right or left to suit your needs . adjustable leveling glides for stability . quick and easy assembly in just 9 minutes with no tools required . added privacy with optional dividing panel . color : honey pedestal count : n a top shape : l-shape top material : woodgrain laminate.unit of measure : each
4 pack compatible ink for dell series 21 22 23 24 all-in-one printers p513w p713w v313 v313w v515w v715w . 4 pack compatible ink for dell series 21 22 23 24 all-in-one printers p513w p713w v313 v313w v515w v715w
savi w720 ( 83544-01 ) dect head . one intelligent headset to manage your pc , mobile and desk phone calls- automatically routes calls to the mobile phone or headset ? whichever device is within easy reach- one-touch call answer end , vol + - , mute and flash controls across devices- uc presence automatically updated when on a pc , mobile or desk phone call- energy efficient adaptive power system optimizes for range and talk time- conference in up to three additional headsets and guests can continue through multiple calls- advanced wideband audio for high definition voice quality- voice-dedicated dect ? technology eliminates wi-fi interference- noise-canceling microphone reduces background noise interruptions- enhanced digital signal processing ( dsp ) provides more natural voice sounds
panasonic kx-tg9472b dect 6.0 2-lines phone with digital answering system and contact sync , black , 2 handsets . panasonic kx-tg9472t dect 6.0 corded cordless telephone with digital answering system div.aplusbody { color : # 333 ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.aplustitle { color : # 333 ; font-size : 20px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; line-height : 2em ; } div.aplusbox { color : # 333 ; font-size : 14px ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin-right : 20px ; line-height : 1.5em ; padding : 15px 0 0 30px ; float : left ; } div.aplusbox ul { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em .6em 0em ; padding:0em .6em 0em ; } div.aplusboxpop { padding : 15px 0 0 30px ; float : left ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.aplusbody h1 { color : # 333 ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 24px ; vertical-align : bottom ; line-height:1em ; } div.aplusbody h2 { color : # 333 ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 16px ; font-weight : bold ; line-height:1em ; } div.aplusbody sup { font-size : 75 % ; line-height : 0 ; position : relative ; vertical-align : baseline ; top : -0.5em ; } div.aplusbodylegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusbodylegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } table.apluscomparisonheader { padding:15px 30px ; } table.apluscomparisonheader img { padding-top:5px ; } table.apluscomparisongroup { border-top:1px solid # 999 ; padding:3px 0 ; } table.apluscomparisongroup : last-child { border-bottom:1px solid # 999 ; } table.apluscomparison { color : # 333 ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 12px ; line-height:1.2em ; } table.apluscomparison td { padding:10px 0 ; } table.apluscomparison tr.odd { background-color : # e2e2e2 ; vertical-align : text-top ; } table.apluscomparison tr.even { background-color : # f9f9f9 ; vertical-align : text-top ; } table.apluscomparison td.feature { padding-left:15px ; font-weight : bold ; } panasonic kx-tg9472b the panasonic kx-tg9472b combination digital corded and cordless answering system with contact sync . perfect for your small business or home office environment the kx-tg9470 series contact sync allows you to connect your phone to your pc via usb creating a direct link between your phone and microsoft outlook for a full range of interactive features . there are two ( 2 ) cordless handsets provided with this model . enlarge contact sync - customers are one click away . direct link between your phone and microsoft outlook easily make outgoing phone calls directly from your microsoft office outlook contact list display incoming phone caller 's contact information on your pc screen product comparisons cordless phone features currentkx-tg9472b option 1kx-tg9391t option 2kx-tg9381t general frequency 1.9 ghz 1.9 ghz 1.9 ghz type of phone corded cordless corded cordless cordless number of phone lines 2 2 2 answering device yes yes yes speakerphone yes yes yes caller id yes yes yes bluetooth capability no no no base lcd size 3.5 inch 1.9 inch ; 103 x 65 pixels 1.8 inch , 103 x 65 pixels wall mount no yes yes keybad at base yes yes yes call waiting yes *1 yes *1 yes *1 number of mailboxes yes *3 yes *3 yes *3 speed dial yes yes yes backlit keypads no no no intercom ( handset to handset handset to base ) yes *4 yes yes *4 yes yes *4 yes color black black black handset handsets included 1 1 1 number of stations expandable 6 6 6 lcd display 1.4 inch mono ; 103 x 65 pixels 1.4 inch mono ; 103 x 65 pixels 1.4 inch , full dot monochrome lcd backlit color white white white headset jack yes , on handset yes , on handset yes , on handset backlit keypads yes yes yes range coverage dect 6.0 dect 6.0 dect 6.0 hearing aid compatible yes yes yes brand specific talking caller id no no no intelligent eco mode no no no power back up operation no yes , ( corded handset , line 1 only ) no extra features shipment battery rechargeable ni-mh batteries ( aaa x 2 ) ni-mh batteries ( aaa x 2 ) rechargeable ni-mh batteries ( aaa x 2 ) battery life ( talk ) 12 hours 12 hours 12 hours battery life ( standby ) 6 days 6 days 6 days charge time 7 hours 7 hours 7 hours belt clip yes yes yes mute flash buttons yes ( soft key yes ) yes ( soft key yes ) yes ( soft key yes ) conference call with outside line 3-way ( bs-hs-line1 or line2 , hs-bs-line1 or line2 , hs-hs-line1 or line2 , line1-line2-hs or bs ) up to 3-way ( l1-l2-handset or base , line-handset-base , handset-handset-line ) up to 3-way ( handset-handset-line ) any key answer talk yes yes yes silent mode yes ( night mode ) yes yes number of lcd language display 2 ( english spanish ) 2 ( english spanish ) 2 ( english spanish ) phonebook memory ( name and number ) 100 items ( 16char 24digits ) 100 items ( 16char 24digits ) 100 items ( 16char 24digits ) answering machine recording time about 40 min . about 40 min . ( incoming message + greeting message + memo ) about 40 min . ( incoming message + greeting message + memo ) answering machine remote operation yes yes yes what 's in the box ac adaptor ( 3 ) telephone line cord ( 2 ) rechargebable ni-mh batteries charger ( 2 ) belt clip ( 2 ) corded handset cord corded handset cd-rom mini usb cable accessories kx-tga939tadditional handset more information spec sheet ( pdf ) requires subscription to name-and number caller id , call waiting and or voice mail service . requires number registration in the call block list . requires registration in phonebook function . name pronunciation may vary . optional handset required .
panasonic kx-tg6672b dect 6.0 corded cordless phone with digital answering system , black , 2 handsets . panasonic kx-tg6672b dect 6.0 corded cordless telephone with digital answering system div.aplusbody { color : # 333 ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.aplustitle { color : # 333 ; font-size : 20px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; line-height : 2em ; } div.aplusbox { color : # 333 ; font-size : 14px ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin-right : 20px ; line-height : 1.5em ; padding : 15px 0 0 30px ; float : left ; } div.aplusbox ul { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em .6em 0em ; padding:0em .6em 0em ; } div.aplusboxpop { float : left ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.aplusbody h1 { color : # 333 ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 24px ; vertical-align : bottom ; line-height:1em ; } div.aplusbody h2 { color : # 333 ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 16px ; font-weight : bold ; line-height:1em ; } div.aplusbody sup { font-size : 75 % ; line-height : 0 ; position : relative ; vertical-align : baseline ; top : -0.5em ; } div.aplusbodylegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusbodylegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } table.apluscomparisonheader { padding:15px 30px ; } table.apluscomparisonheader img { padding-top:5px ; } table.apluscomparisongroup { border-top:1px solid # 999 ; padding:3px 0 ; } table.apluscomparisongroup : last-child { border-bottom:1px solid # 999 ; } table.apluscomparison { color : # 333 ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 12px ; line-height:1.2em ; } table.apluscomparison td { padding:10px 0 ; } table.apluscomparison tr.odd { background-color : # e2e2e2 ; vertical-align : text-top ; } table.apluscomparison tr.even { background-color : # f9f9f9 ; vertical-align : text-top ; } table.apluscomparison td.feature { padding-left:15px ; font-weight : bold ; } panasonic kx-tg6672b introducing the panasonic kx-tg6672b combination digital corded and cordless answering system . perfect for your small business or home office environment the kx-tg6670 series comes equipped with dect 6.0 plus technology ensuring outstanding range and crystal clear conversations . all kx-tg6670 phones feature talking caller id , eco mode , and power backup ensuring functionality during a power outage.there are two ( 2 ) cordless handsets provided with this model . enlarge product comparisons cordless phone features currentkx-tg6672b option 1kx-tg1061m option 2kx-tg9333t general frequency 1.9 ghz 1.9 ghz 1.9 ghz type of phone corded cordless corded cordless cordless number of phone lines 1 1 1 answering device yes yes yes speakerphone yes yes yes caller id yes yes yes bluetooth capability no no no base lcd size 3.5 inch 2.5 in . 3-line full dot monochrome 1.9 ghz wall mount yes yes yes keybad at base yes yes yes call waiting yes *1 yes *1 yes *1 number of mailboxes 1 1 1 speed dial yes yes yes backlit keypads yes ( amber ) yes yes intercom yes yes yes color black metallic grey black metallic handset handsets included 2 1 3 number of stations expandable 6 6 6 lcd display 1.8-inch full dot monochrome 103x65 pixels 1.8-inch full dot monochrome 1.4-inch dot 16 digits x 3 line lcd backlit color white amber white headset jack yes yes yes range coverage dect 6.0 plus dect 6.0 dect 6.0 hearing aid compatible yes yes yes brand specific talking caller id yes *1 no yes *1 intelligent eco mode yes no no power back up operation yes ( corded base unit only ) yes ( corded base unit only ) no extra features battery life ( talk ) 13 hours 12 hours 5 hours battery life ( standby ) 11 days 6 days 11 days charge time 7 hours 7 hours 7 hours call block yes ( 30-station ) *1 *2 yes ( 30-station ) *1 *2 yes *1 *2 mute flash buttons yes ( soft key yes ) yes yes ( soft key ) yes ( flash call wait ) intercom ( handset to handset handset to base ) yes *4 yes yes *4 yes yes *4 yes conference call with outside line up to 4-way ( h s-h s-h s-line ) *4 up to 3-way ( l1-l2-handset or base , line-handset-base , handset-handset-line ) up to 4-way ( base or handset-handset-handset-line ) any key answer talk yes yes yes silent mode yes yes yes number of lcd language display 2 ( english spanish ) 2 ( english spanish ) 2 ( english spanish ) phonebook memory ( name and number ) 100 items ( 16char 24digits ) n a 50 items ( 16char 24digits ) answering machine recording time about 18 min . about 18 min . about 18 min . answering machine remote operation yes yes yes what 's in the box ac adaptor ( 3 ) telephone line cord rechargebable ni-mh batteries charger ( 2 ) belt clip ( 2 ) corded handset cord corded handset accessories kx-tga660badditional handset more information spec sheet ( pdf ) requires subscription to name-and number caller id , call waiting and or voice mail service . requires number registration in the call block list . requires registration in phonebook function . name pronunciation may vary . optional handset required .
purple cows hot and cold 9 '' laminator warms up in just 3 - 5 minutes with 50 pouches pockets . with abs technology for removing jammed documents - 50 x 3 mil hot pockets are included : 20 x 8,5*11 , 15 x 4*6 , 15 x 3*6
500 computer checks on top - printed - compatible for quickbooks - blue-green . one check and two vouchers for quicken ( ) , quickbooks ( ) and other software . customize checks with your company & bank informaton . comes in a wide variety of colors & designs . company logo printed free ! checks are check 21 compatible . order today and save 70 % !
platinum pvc id card tray starter set ! blank platinum id cards and pvc tray for r280 and similar . the genuine platinum brand is the best out there ! be weary of copycats . use this tray in place of you cd dvd on these printers : epson r260 , r27 , r280 , r290 , artisan 50 as well as some others . if your cd dvd tray measures 5 7 8th '' wide by 9 5 8th inches long , it should work . there are slots for 2 cards to be printed at the same time . you can print any id card you can imagine or create ! print id cards for your company or organization . way cheaper than thermal printers ! the tray fits standard pvc cards but make sure you only use special inkjet pvc cards . these are special blank cards made for inkjet printing and make your id 's look great ! included in this set are 50 blank platinum brand id cards . these are the highest quality blank pvc cards out there !
adesso mobile office scanner 600 x 600 dpi high speed usb 2.0 . the ezscan 2000 is easy to setup and operate . to scan , simply place document in paper slot and click the scan one-touch button and instantly your images appear on your computer screen in jpg format . for pdf format follow the same steps only click the one-touch pdf button instead . edit scanned document files with the included software . the optical character recognition ( ocr ) functions in software to extract text from scanned images and convert to an editable pdf , excel , or word document . easily share your scanned document files , email files directly from editing software . specifications . scanning type - advanced color cis ( contact image sensor ) . box contents - adesso ezscan 2000 , mini usb cable , quick start guide , software cd , calibration sheet , cleaning paper , travel pouch , wall holder .
2014 easel desk calendar with 12 beautiful natures beauty photos ... .call 888.372.1312 for custom imprint quoting !
canon pixma mg6220 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one printer ( 5292b002 ) . high performance wireless photo all-in-one featuring intelligent touch system , gray ink and built-in auto duplex printing , power supply : ac 100-240 v , 50 60 hz.document & media handling details : input tray - 150 sheets , paper cassette - 150 sheets and cd dvd bd tray.maximum scan area 8.5 x 11.69 '' ( 21.59 x 29.69 cm ) , maximum printable area 8.0 '' ( 20.32 cm ) wide . the beautiful pixma mg6220 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one delivers superior quality , versatility , and ease of use . built-in wi-fi1 technology allows you to easily print and scan wirelessly virtually anywhere around your house . for a genuine interactive imaging experience , canon 's intelligent touch system transforms the top of your printer into a sleek , responsive touch panel so only the buttons you need light up . print gorgeous , borderless2 photos at home up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' size with a maximum print color resolution of 9600 x 2400 dpi3 and six individual ink tanks including a gray ink for professional color and black & white photos . enjoy a new sphere of printing options as pixma cloud link4 lets you conveniently print pictures from online photo albums canon image gateway and google picasa as well as templates including seasonal stationary and calendars from wherever you are to wherever a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one is , without a computer . also included is the ability to print select google docstm and gmailtm attachments from any accessible device , further adding to your wireless versatility.13 have all new sorts of fun with your images by adding fun filter effects like fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print . the mg6220 also lets you print on your printable cd , dvd and blu-ray discs and jackets . plus , you can even you turn your hd movie clips into beautiful photos5 while built-in auto duplex printing allows you to automatically print on both sides of the paper , which can help reduce paper usage and cost by up to 50 % . view beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . plus , you can print and scan jpeg and pdf files wirelessly from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , and android devices6 . also enjoy direct printing options from compatible memory cards7 , usb flash drives8 , pictbridge and optional bluetooth devices9 . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . * *a trademark of ziff davis , inc. used under license . reprinted with permission . copyright . 2012 ziff davis , inc. all rights reserved . high performance wireless1 photo all-in-one featuring the intelligent touch system , gray ink and built-in auto duplex printing speed & quality superior resolution : 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi3 firing with 1pl produces incredible quality and detail in both your borderless photos , crafts , business documents and web pages . high performance , six individual ink tank system : this 6-color ink system consists of five dye-based inks including a dedicated gray ink for professional-looking black & white and color photos . a pigment-based black ink produces exceptionally crisp text . plus , only replace the color ink tank that runs out . print beautiful , borderless photos , fast : print a borderless , 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 20 seconds10 . print documents and web pages , fast : print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 12.5 images per minute ( ipm ) for black and 9.3 images per minute ( ipm ) for color11 . chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon inks and select genuine canon photo papers for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album12 . ease of use intelligent touch system : this button navigation system allows you to effortlessly operate your machine with gorgeous touch sensitive controls . full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns hd movie clips captured with your compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful photo prints5 built-in cd and dvd printing : conveniently print labels onto your printable cd , dvd and blu- ray discs . fun filter effects : have all new sorts of fun with your images by adding new effects such as : fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this saves you time , helps the environment and can cut your paper usage by up to 50 % . 3.0 '' lcd : easily view , select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing . no downloading or computer needed , just pick your picture and print ! connectivity built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house.1 airprint : wirelessly print photos , email , web pages , documents , and more from compatible ipad , phone , or ipod touch devices to compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . there 's no software to download , no drivers to install , and no cables to connect . just see it , tap it , and print it.2 google cloud print:18 allows users to print from gmail and google docs on a mobile device , and from google chrome browser for mac , windows , linux , and chrome devices . with google cloud print , you can print from wherever you are , from applications you use every day . you can even share your home and work printers with anyone you choose . pixma cloud link : conveniently print pictures from online photo albums canon image gateway and picasa as well as templates including seasonal stationary , and calendars from a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one.4 print select google docstm and gmailtm attachments from any accessible device , further adding to your wireless your wireless versatility.13 built-in ethernet : this wired lan interface lets you connect to a home or office network , with connected computers sharing the power of this versatile machine , each being able to display the printer 's status at any moment . mobile device printing : take full advantage of canon 's wi-fi connectivity to unlock , print and share your stored images right on the spot . print your photos wirelessly from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch and android devices.6 additional features & benefits
canon pixma mg8220 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one printer ( 5293b002 ) . ultimate wireless photo all-in-one featuring the intelligent touch system , film scanning , gray ink and a 3.5 '' lcd a sleek , beautiful design is your introduction to the superior quality , versatility , and ease of use you 'll experience with the pixma mg8220 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one . it begins with built-in wi-fi1 which lets you easily print and scan wirelessly virtually anywhere around your house . for true interactivity , canon 's intelligent touch system transforms the top of your printer into a sleek , responsive touch panel so only the buttons you need light up . print gorgeous , borderless2 photos at home up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' size with a maximum print color resolution of 9600 x 2400 dpi3 and six individual ink tanks including a gray ink for professional color and black & white photos . included software also allows you to professionally adjust the color of your photos . enjoy a new sphere of printing options as pixma cloud link4 lets you conveniently print pictures from online photo albums canon image gateway and google picasa as well as templates including seasonal stationary and calendars from wherever you are to wherever a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one is , without a computer . also included is the ability to print select google docs and gmail attachments from any accessible device , further adding to your wireless versatility.14 the mg8220 also lets you print on your printable cd , dvd and blu-ray discs , and you can even you turn your hd movie clips into beautiful photos5 . built-in auto duplex printing allows you to automatically print on both sides of the paper and can help reduce paper usage and cost by up to 50 % . your imaging options continue as you can bring life back to your faded memories and easily scan 35mm slides and film . for documents , you 'll experience beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . plus , you can print and scan jpeg and pdf files wirelessly from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , and android devices6 without a computer , and enjoy direct printing options from compatible memory cards7 , usb flash drives8 , pictbridge and optional bluetooth devices9 . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . * *a trademark of ziff davis , inc. used under license . reprinted with permission . copyright . 2012 ziff davis , inc. all rights reserved . ultimate wireless1 photo all-in-one featuring the intelligent touch system , film scanning , gray ink and a 3.5 '' lcd speed & quality superior resolution : 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi3 firing with 1pl produces incredible quality and detail in both your borderless photos , crafts , business documents and web pages . high performance , six individual ink tank system : this 6-color ink system consists of five dye-based inks including a dedicated gray ink for professional-looking black & white and color photos . a pigment-based black ink produces exceptionally crisp text . plus , only replace the color ink tank that runs out . print beautiful , borderless photos , fast : print a borderless , 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 20 seconds11 . print documents and web pages , fast : print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 12.5 images per minute ( ipm ) for black and 9.3 images per minute ( ipm ) for color12 . chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon inks and select genuine canon photo papers for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album13 . ease of use intelligent touch system : this button navigation system allows you to effortlessly operate your machine with gorgeous touch sensitive controls . built-in film adapter unit : this included unit makes it easy to scan 35mm film and slides so you can bring your faded memories back to life . full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns hd movie clips captured with your compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful photo prints5 fun filter effects : have all new sorts of fun with your images by adding new effects such as : fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print . built-in cd and dvd printing : conveniently print labels onto your printable cd , dvd and blu- ray discs . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this saves you time , helps the environment and can cut your paper usage by up to 50 % . 3.5 '' lcd : easily view , select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing . no downloading or computer needed , just pick your picture and print ! connectivity built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house.1 airprint : wirelessly print photos , email , web pages , documents , and more from compatible ipad , phone , or ipod touch devices to compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . there 's no software to download , no drivers to install , and no cables to connect . just see it , tap it , and print it.2 google cloud print:19 allows users to print from gmail and google docs on a mobile device , and from google chrome browser for mac , windows , linux , and chrome devices . with google cloud print , you can print from wherever you are , from applications you use every day . you can even share your home and work printers with anyone you choose . pixma cloud link : conveniently print pictures from online photo albums canon image gateway and picasa as well as templates including seasonal stationary , and calendars from a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one.4 print select google docstm and gmailtm attachments from any accessible device , further adding to your wireless your wireless versatility.13 built-in ethernet : this wired lan interface lets you connect to a home or office network , with connected computers sharing the power of this versatile machine , each being able to display the printer 's status at any moment . mobile device printing : take full advantage of canon 's wi-fi connectivity to unlock , print and share your stored images right on the spot . print your photos wirelessly from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch and android devices.6 additional features & benefits
thermal label printer roll - 6000 ( 1 '' x 2 5 8 '' ) permanent amazon fba labels ( 3 rolls of 2000 ) - 100 % compatible with fba and zebra printers .
board dudes srx magnetic dry erase markers 6-pack assorted colors ( ddm77 ) . magnetic , dry-erase markers contain magnets in the marker caps to ensure they will hold to any metallic surface . with magnetic markers , you 've never lose a dry erase marker again . low-odor markers deliver removable marks on any dry-erase surface so they are great for home , work or school . simply wipe clean . eraser tips on the caps make quick corrections without mess . the medium point tip allows detailed work . markers are great for home , work or school .
avery removable window and wall signage , inkjet , 8.5 x 11-inches , white , pack of 10 ( 22800 ) . branding , merchandising and promoting brandingbranding labels let you easily add your own unique logo and graphics to present a polished , professional look on all your products . merchandisingmerchandising products showcase your retail items and bring important features and information to your customers ' attention . promotingpromoting products can help you attract new clients , grow referrals and maintain your valued customers . easily brand , merchandise and promote your business with a little help from avery . these easy-to-customize products can be personalized online with free avery software and templates . they 're perfect for branding , brochures , business mailings , messaging and more . choose from our wide selection of versatile products that can help take your small business big places . these versatile products allow small business owners to : fast peeling : patented easy peel labels with pop-up edge ensure a quick and easy application . water resistant ( durable & arched labels only ) : specially designed for the wine industry , these water-resistant labels hold strong when wet . perfect for use on chilled products . print to the edge : add a full-color background to your logo , product name , address or message . create your own unique suite of marketing products right from your own computer . with free pre-designs , templates and software , avery makes it easy to add a logo or unique brand image on all your products . whether you 're a design novice or expert , you 'll be able to customize your branding labels , brochures , promotional signage , business mailings and more , using the highly rated avery design & print online or your favorite adobe design application . just go to avery.com print to get started .
epson stylus nx430 wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner ( c11cb22201 ) . designed for simplicity . the epson stylus nx430 packs quality and performance into one space-saving printer . part of the new line of epson small-in-ones , it fits perfectly in virtually any setting . and , it features epson connect , so you can enjoy instant wireless printing from popular mobile devices . it 's easy to share your small-in-one with easy epson wireless setup and the latest in wireless technology . use the 2.5 '' lcd , smart touch panel and built-in card slots to print brilliant photos - pc-free . whatever you 're printing , you can focus on what 's important thanks to whisper quiet operation . you even can scan and archive important documents , quickly produce color copies , and use the image enhancement tools to get perfect photos.operating systems : windows 7 ( 32-bit , 64-bit ) , windows vista ( 32-bit , 64-bit ) , windows xp sp1 or higher ( 32-bit ) , windows xp professional x64 edition , mac os x 10.4.11 , 10.5.8 , 10.6.x , 10.7.x , and 10.8.x . epson stylus nx430 small-in-oneprint copy scan photo wi-fi why buy ? designed for simplicity the epson stylus nx430 packs quality and performance into one space-saving printer . part of the new line of epson small-in-ones , it fits perfectly in virtually any setting . and , it features epson connect , so you can enjoy instant wireless printing from popular mobile devices . it  s easy to share your small-in-one with easy epson wireless setup and the latest in wireless technology . use the 2.5 '' lcd , smart touch panel and built-in card slots to print brilliant photos  pc-free . whatever you  re printing , you can focus on what  s important thanks to whisperquiet operation . you even can scan and archive important documents , quickly produce color copies , and use the image enhancement tools to get perfect photos . enlarge features lcd , touch panel & card slots for easy photo printing  pc-free easy setup  connect to your wireless network in seconds quiet operation fast print speeds without compromising quality epson connect  instant wireless printing from popular mobile devices replace only the color you need with individual ink cartridges easy set up your wireless network in secondswi-fi certified n to quickly and easily shareyour small-in-one at home with multiple pcs print photos pc-freebuilt-in card slots and large , 2.5  color lcd and touch panel quiet operationfocus on what  s important affordable small-in-onespace-saving design ; great performance replace only the color you needindividual ink cartridges , available in different sizes epson competitor worry-free handlingdurable , long-lasting prints withinstant-dry ink ; smudge , fade and water resistant everyday performance share one small-in-one wirelesslywi-fi certified n , for faster printingfrom virtually anywhere in your home instant wireless printing from popular mobile devicesquality without compromise fast , high quality printingquality without compromise what is iso ppm ? iso ppm is based on the international standard for measuring print speed . black and color print speeds are determined in default , single-side mode in accordance with iso iec 24734. actual print times will vary based on system configuration , software , and page complexity . see www.epson.com printspeed for details , including complete iso reports .
gigaset c610h-bk dect_6.0 1-handset landline telephone . gigaset cordless expansion handset for use with c610ip cordless phone
epson artisan 730 wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner ( ios tablet smartphone airprint compatible ) ( c11cb18201 ) . artisan inkjets deliver incredible performance , with the artisan 730 achieving the worlds fastest 4 '' x 6 '' photo print speeds . get 4 '' x 6 '' photos in as fast as 10 seconds.5 speed through everyday projects . the artisan 730 gives the tools with a smart touch panel and 2.5 '' lcd . print , scan , and access memory card slots10 from any room in the house with wi-fi certified n wireless networking and built-in ethernet networking . or , use epson connect to print directly from your smartphone , ipad tablet and more.maximum printable area 8.5 x 14.0 '' ( 21.59 x 35.56 cm ) .compatible operating systems : microsoft : windows 7 , vista , xp professional x64 edition , xp sp1 or higher , mac : os x 10.4.11 , 10.5.8 , 10.6.x , 10.7.print speed : one-sided : black - 9.6 ppm ; color - 9.1 ppm , two-sided : black - 4.9 ppm ; color - 4.7 ppm,4 x 6 photo : 10 seconds . artisan 730 photo all-in-oneprint copy scan ultra hd photo wi-fi why buy ? designed for creativity . rated # 1 in photo quality7 , artisan inkjets also deliver incredible performance , with the artisan 730 achieving the world  s fastest 4 '' x 6 '' photo print speeds. get 4 '' x 6 '' photos in as fast as 10 seconds.5 speed through everyday projects . the artisan 730 gives you all the tools you need with a smart touch panel and 2.5 '' lcd . print , scan , and access memory card slots10 from any room in the house with wi-fi certified n wireless networking and built-in ethernet networking . or , use epson connect to print directly from your smartphone , ipad , , tablet and more. enlarge features automatic two-sided printing , copying & two paper trays  always ready to print photos & documents wireless wi-fi certified n for faster speeds sleek design with midnight blue accents epson connect  instant wireless printing from popular mobile devices world  s fastest 4  x 6  photo print speeds easy-to-use touch panel with 2.5  lcd  creative tools right at your fingertips what the press is saying :  epson  s artisan printers are built for quality , speed and performance.  fist glimpse , ( october , 2011 )  epson released two new wireless aios ( all-in-ones ) that are packed with extras.  smart computing , ( october , 2011 ) quality better-than-lab-quality photosvivid colors and brilliant detail with epson  s exclusive micropiezo ink jet technology , for prints that last up to 200 years4 detailed scans and easy photo enhancements2400 dpi scanning ensures high-quality results ; automatically correct poorly exposed photos ; easily restore faded color photos cd dvd printingmake professional looking discs by printing right onto ink jet printable cds dvds speed world  s fastest 4 '' x 6 '' ultra hi-definition prints4 '' x 6 '' photos , in as fast as 10 seconds5 ; richness , depth and clarity that even satisfies professional photographers wireless wi-fi certified ncan deliver up to 2.5 times the performance of the previous 802.11 g ; ethernet ready fast copying and scanningquickly copy or scan photos or documents at up to 2400 dpi ; scan to a pc or save to a usb flash drive productivity instant wireless printing from popular mobile devicesprint from your smartphone , ipad , tablet and more automatic two-sided printing and copyingget great paper-saving features ; print two-sided documents or up to four different pages on a single sheet make one-of-a-kind projectsuse your own photos to create professional coloring books , greeting cards , note paper and more  in a snap what is iso ppm ? iso ppm is based on the international standard for measuring print speeds . black and color print speeds are determined in default , single-side mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. black and color two-sided print speeds are determined in two-sided mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. actual print times will vary based on system configuration , software and page complexity . see www.epson.com printspeed for details , including complete iso reports .
gmyle 35mm negative film slide scanner usb 5.15 mega cmos sensor digital image photo color copier windows . have you ever thought of renewing your old photographs ? however , processing the films in the lab or sending to the shop are too expensive . now here comes a film scanner for you to do this job at your home by yourself . it is a convenient way to save your old memories photo more easily and long-lasting . this film scanner can handle b & w and color film , include slide 135 film , into digital image in a simple way so that you can preserve them forever . just connect the usb cable to your mac or pc and then you can convert directly . product specification : image sensor : 1 3,2 ' inch 5.15 mega cmos sensor lens specification : f=2.8 , f=3.85 , 4p color balance : automatic expourse control : automatic support film size auto cropping : 135 film ( 36mm x 24mm ) support film type auto converting : slide color negative film , black & white negative film focus range : fixed focus pc interface : usb 2.0 image format : 135 film 36mm x 24mm light source : 3 white led system requirments : support microsoft windows xp vista windows 7 mac os x 10.5 - 10.8 power : from usb port dimensions : 8.1 ( h ) x 10.6 ( w ) x 10 ( l ) cm - 110 film holder not included
imagestore - brainydeal sc9-2012 high-speed 58mm pos receipt thermal printer usb black . communication interface optional parallel port or serial port , character can enlarge print , adjust character the line spacing printed , support of different densities bitmap and download of graphics printing , support for raster bitmap print in the driver printing ( mode ) , it implement and call the hard word bank to high-speed printing
rolodex business card holder , 96 card capacity , snap closure , red - 72749 . our activeview sleeves help you locate your contacts quickly. < just pull the tab to spread the sleeves and slide them back in when finished . or , page through your contacts like a traditional business card book .
darice 107167 5 x 7 blank cards & envelopes - value pack - 50 count - natural . darice 5 x 7 blank cards envelopes - value pack - 50 count - natural ; new
metal name badges engraved metal police fire military by better badges . custom engraved solid metal gold or silver badges 5 8 x 2 1 2 standard police and fire size they come with pinback , magnet or military clutch style ( see pic , same price ) price includes one line of engraving , ( if 2 lines needed buy 2 tags and one badge with 2 lines will be shipped )
epson workforce pro wp-4530 wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner , fax , ios tablet smartphone airprint compatible ( c11cb33201 ) . epson c11cb33201 workforce pro wp-4530 color inkjet wireless all-in-one printer with fax , features the world 's fastest auto two-sided print speeds , plus automatic two-sided copying , scanning and faxing . the workforce pro wp-4530 delivers professional quality output while getting up to 50 % less cost per page than color laser . boasting two-sided print speeds of 9.2 iso ppm ( black ) and 7.1 iso ppm ( color ) , this ultra efficient all-in-one move at your busy pace . offering remarkable productivity , it features a 330-sheet paper capacity and a 20,000-page duty cycle . use the 30-page two-sided auto document feeder to quickly copy , scan or fax one- or two-sided documents . the wp-4530 offers low hassle , extra-large , easy to install cartridges , with a high-yield of 2400 pages black , 1200 pages color . built-in wireless networking makes it easy to share your all-in-one printer with others . and , direct mobile printing ensures to print and scan from virtually any room . the workforce pro 4530 has a lower capacity , offers a touch panel and lcd screen for access all printer functions . features include an auto-duplexer and energy star certification . workforce pro wp-4530 all-in-oneprint copy scan fax ethernet wi-fi why buy ? engineered for productivity at twice the speed of inkjets and featuring the world  s fastest auto two-sided print speeds , plus automatic two-sided copying scanning faxing , the workforce pro wp-4530 delivers professional quality output at half the cost of color laser printing. boasting two-sided print speeds of 9.2 iso ppm ( black ) and 7.1 iso ppm ( color )  , this ultra efficient all-in-one moves at your busy pace . offering remarkable productivity , it features a 330-sheet paper capacity and a 20,000-page duty cycle10 . use the 30-page two-sided auto document feeder to quickly copy , scan or fax one- or two-sided documents . best of all , the wp-4530 offers low hassle , extra large , easy to install cartridges , with a high-yield of 2400 pages black , 1200 pages color . built-in wireless networking4 makes it easy to share your all-in-one with others . and , direct mobile printing5 ensures you  ll be able to print and scan from virtually any room . enlarge what the press is saying : `` the duplex printing speed , at 9.2ppm in black and 7.1ppm in color , is the 'world 's fastest auto two-sided print speed ' as epson claims '' `` a new standard feature for the epson models is the epson connect , a mobile printing solution which includes mobile app printing , email printing , apple airprint and google cloud print . print photos , webpages , and documents remotely and wirelessly . '' `` the ink jet market is evolving fast , and epson is staying on top of this by pushing new features ( i.e . mobile printing ) and selling to more businesses outside of the soho market . in addition to this , these machines have very good paper-handling capacity ( especially the wp-4540 ) and per-page operating costs . we give the workforce pro wp-4530 and pro wp-4540 our editor  s choice award . `` ~better buys for business , ( october 2011 ) functions for heavy business printing , extra large cartridges available* 50 % lower printing cost than color laser world 's fastest automatic two-sided printing 580-sheet paper capacity with two trays for added convenience 80-sheet rear-feed tray for envelopes , labels & card stock economical 50 % lower printing costshigh-quality output at a lower cost than lasers extra large ink cartridges availableprint up to 4 reams of paper with one set of cartridges save 50 % of your paper supplybuilt-in , automatic two-sided printing , copying , scanning and faxing superior performance world 's fastest business ink jet printer faster than any other competitive ink jet printer mobile device printing5printing wirelessly from your smartphone , ipad , tablet or computer reload paper less often330-sheet paper capacity , with 80-sheet rear-feed tray for envelopes and labels what is iso ppm ? iso ppm is based on the international standard for measuring print speed . black and color print speeds are determined in default , single-side mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. black and color two-sided print speeds are determined in two-sided mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. actual print times will vary based on system configuration , software , and page complexity.see www.epson.com printspeed for details , including complete iso reports .
usb pos printer with 58mm thermal paper rolls - 90mm sec high-speed printing ( black ) . technical parameters : print method : thermal line printing print character : 384 dot line ; ank character : font : a : 12 x 24dots , 1.5 ( w ) x 3.0 ( h ) mm simplified traditional:24 x 24dots,1.5 ( w ) x 3.0 ( h ) mm print parameters : support download logo trademark print print speed :90 mm sec paper width :57.50.5mm interface type : usb print command : compatible with esc pos roll diameter:50mm print thickness : 0.06-0.08mm power : dc 12v 3a cash drawer control : dc 12v 1a reliability print : 100km temperature:0-45 contrast humidity:10-80 % drivers : win 8 win 2000 win 2003 win xp win vista win 7 win win 8 linux compatible with epson , samsung
avery round labels , glossy white , 2-inch size , 120 labels  great for canning labels and mason jars ( 22807 ) . elevate your brand to the top of the marketplace with these glossy avery white , 2 inch round labels . featuring ultrahold permanent adhesive guaranteed to stick and stay on envelopes , cardboard , paper , glass , metal or polybags , these round labels also have an easy peel design for quick release and application . these shiny label stickers have a rich glossy finish perfect for creating address labels , ball mason jar labels and other jar labels , bottle labels , beer bottle labels , wine bottle labels , canning labels , glass bottle labels and small round labels for your wrapping paper or party favors . theyre also fantastic for creating food container labels and organizing personal items . optimized for both laser & inkjet printers , you can add brilliantly bright color and crisp text all the way to the edge of these glossy labels for maximum visual impact . thanks to true print technology , the printer alignment of text and images is more accurate and reliable . easily personalize your round labels stickers with your product branding using the thousands of free designs available at avery.com templates . whether you own a small business or craft your own beer at home , this pack of 120 small round labels makes creating professional branding for your products quick and easy .
avery textured print-to-the-edge arched labels , laser printers , 3 x 2.25-inches , white , pack of 90 ( 22809 ) . for an elegant , handcrafted look . labels and adhesive are water-resistant when used with laser printers , the colors will not run when exposed to water . permanent labels stick and stay adhering well to glass bottles and jars , plastic , metal and paper . label size - text : 3 x 2 1 4 label colors : white machine compatibility : laser printers materials : paper .
pierre belvedere executive desk blotter , red ( 678390 ) . protect desk surfaces and create a bright new look for your home or office work space with the pierre belvedere executive desk blotter . at 27 x 18 x 1 2 inches , its perfectly sized to fit just about anywhere , and easily filled with standard blotter paper or a desk calendar . the desk blotter has a rigid surface with padded , premium pebble-grained faux leather side panels and contrasting cream stitching . choose from such inviting colors as wasabi , fuchsia and lipstick red . from traditional to cutting-edge , pierre belvederes executive line of fine faux leather accessories will add just the right infusion of color to your home or office work space . for over 50 years , pierre belvedere has offered its customers an exclusive selection of fine stationery and executive accessories designed in their international studios where passionate and creative people strive for the excellence that is the companys hallmark . complete your executive ensemble with pierre belvederes coordinating executive paper trays , pencil holders , and portfolios also available on amazon . your desk never looked so good .
canon imageformula dr-c125 office document scanner . the dr-c125 scanner is ideal for general purpose distributed scanning of a variety of document types . in corporate or remote offices , this scanner is well-suited for use by individuals or small workgroups to modernize paper-based processes , increasing efficiency and productivity . legal services , financial services , healthcare , government , and other industries can benefit from its small size and easy use . view larger the canon imageformula dr-c125 document scanner 's space-saving design makes it a standout in any office environment for improving information accessibility , management , and collaboration . its flexibility and high image quality are only surpassed by its easy use , making it ideal for converting and capturing paper-based documents to digital format .
epson workforce 845 wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner , fax , ios tablet smartphone airprint compatible ( c11cb92201 ) . performance is everything . the world 's fastest two-sided all-in-one , the workforce 845 delivers high-speed , automatic , two-sided printing , copying , scanning and faxing while providing high quality prints your business deserves . and it makes it easy to print multiple pages with a 500 sheet paper capacity . save on ink with the included extra high-capacity ink cartridges up to 40 % less printing costs than color lasers , a savings that helps make business printing affordable . easily share your all-in-one with multiple pcs with built-in wired and wireless networking . or , use epson connect to print from popular mobile devices . built to perform , this powerful product is the perfect partner to help keep your business running at full speed.compatible operating systems : windows : windows 7 , vista , xp , xp x64 , mac : os x 10.4.11 , 10.5.8 , 10.6.x , 10.7.x.one-year limited warranty.computer interface : usb : hi-speed usb 2.0 , wireless : wi-fi ( 802.11 b g n ) , wired : 100 base-tx 10base-t epson connect email print , airprint.pc-free paper support : plain ( 8.5 '' x 11 '' , 8.5 '' x 14 '' , a4 ) , photo ( 4 '' x 6 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 8 '' x 10 '' , 16:9 wide , letter , a4 ) , automatic document feeder : 30 sheets ( automatic two-sided adf ) , paper sizes : 3.5 '' x 5 '' , 4 '' x 6 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 8 '' x 10 '' , 8.5 '' x 11 '' , a4 , b5 , a5 , a6 , half letter , executive , user definable ( 3.5 '' 44 '' in length ) , maximum paper size : 8.5 '' x 44 '' , borderless sizes : 3.5 '' x 5 '' , 4 '' x 6 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 8 '' x 10 '' , 8.5 '' x 11 '' , a4 , 16:9 wide . workforce 845 all-in-oneprint copy scan fax wi-fi why buy ? enlarge performance is everything . the world  s fastest two-sided all-in-one , the workforce 845 delivers high-speed , automatic , two-sided printing , copying , scanning and faxing while providing high quality prints your business deserves . and , it makes it easy to print multiple pages with a 500-sheet paper capacity . save on ink with the included extra high-capacity ink cartridges  up to 40 % less printing costs than color lasers , a savings that helps make business printing affordable . easily share your all-in-one with multiple pcs with built-in wired and wireless networking . or , use epson connect to print from popular mobile devices . built to perform , this powerful product is the perfect partner to help keep your business running at full speed . what the press is saying : `` the workforce 845 is made for users in the small office and home office market due to its energy efficiency , price , and functionality . '' ~printercomparison.com , ( january 17 , 2012 ) iso ppm is based on the international standard for measuring print speed . black and color print speeds are determined in default , single-side mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. actual print times will vary based on system configuration , software , and page complexity.see www.epson.com printspeed for details , including complete iso reports .
epson workforce 545 wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner , fax , ios tablet smartphone airprint compatible ( c11cb88201 ) . engineered for business . the workforce 545 brings your home office the world 's fastest print speeds in its class , plus all the tools you need to take on any project . it boasts a 250-sheet paper tray . and , you can save on ink , with available extra high-capacity ink cartridges . get up to 40 % less printing costs than color lasers , you can even save time with speeds of 15 iso ppm ( black ) and 7.2 iso ppm ( color ) . use the 30-page adfto quickly copy , scan or fax stacks of originals . easily share your all-in-one with built-in wired and wireless networking . or , use epson connect to print from popular mobile devices.get instant wireless printing from popular mobile devices , includes apple airprint support.this powerful product is built to help you keep your business running at full speed.compatible operating systems windows : windows 7 , vista , xp , xp x64 , mac : os x 10.4.11 , 10.5.8 , 10.6.x , 10.7.x.rated voltage : 100 to 120 vac . workforce 545 all-in-oneprint copy scan fax wi-fi why buy ? engineered for business . the workforce 545 brings your home office the world 's fastest print speeds in its class , plus all the tools you need to take on any project . it boasts a 250-sheet paper tray . and , you can save on ink , with available extra high-capacity ink cartridges . get up to 40 % less printing costs than color lasers11 , you can even save time with speeds of 15 iso ppm ( black ) and 7.2 iso ppm ( color )  . use the 30-page adf to quickly copy , scan or fax stacks of originals . easily share your all-in-one with built-in wired and wireless networking5 . or , use epson connect to print from popular mobile devices4 . this powerful product is built to help you keep your business running at full speed . enlarge functions world  s fastest printing up to 40 % lower printing cost than color laser larger paper tray  up to 250 sheets of plain paper extra high-capacity ink cartridges available  get about 2x more prints epson connect  instant wireless printing from popular mobile devices4 speed and image quality world  s fastest print speedsave time without sacrificing quality professional quality outputvibrant color documents and laser sharp black text epson connectprint from your smartphone , ipad , tablet and more4 affordability up to 40 % lower printing costsget professional quality color at an affordable price get 2x more printswith available extra high-capacity cartridges individual ink cartridgesreplace only the color you need , plusinstant-dry , smudge and water resistant inks reliability easy wireless printingeasily connect to your wireless networkin seconds and print wirelessly with an upto 2.5 times faster transfer speeds than the previous 802.11g5 convenient , 30-page auto document feedereasily copy , scan and fax stacks of documents reload paper less oftenbuilt-in , 250-sheet paper tray what is iso ppm ? iso ppm is based on the international standard for measuring print speed . black and color print speeds are determined in default , single-side mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. actual print times will vary based on system configuration , software , and page complexity.see www.epson.com printspeed for details , including complete iso reports .
luxor he34-b 3 shelves multipurpose storage structural foam plastic service utility cart - black . multipurpose utility cart ideal for use as serving or storage cart , and more . shelves and legs are constructed with an injection molded thermoplastic resin , which will not stain , scratch , dent or rust . measures 24 '' w x 18 '' d x 34 '' h with a clearance between shelves of 11.75 '' for easy access . includes three flat shelves with 0.25 '' retaining lip to secure items from sliding off . ergonomic push handle molded into the top shelf . rolling cart with four 4 '' casters , two with locking brake . maximum weight capacity of 400 lbs ( evenly distributed ) .
lexmark pro915 wireless inkjet all-in-one printer with scanner , copier and fax . the lexmark pro915 all-in-one , with its intuitive design and optional second 550-sheet paper tray , offers the flexibility you need to be efficient and productive in one easy-to use package suitable for small office groups or home office use , the lexmark pro915 color all-in-one features an advanced printhead design for fast , quality printing that is cost effective . the pro915 includes wireless-n and ethernet connectivity , automatic two-sided printing , and free downloadable apps for simplifying everyday tasks . it also lets you copy , scan , and fax documents with ease . with its intuitive , 4.3-inch color touchscreen and optional second tray , the pro915 provides flexibility and efficiency in one powerful device . the lexmark pro915 provides excellent value for your money . the printer 's 155xl high-yield cartridge delivers over three times more pages than a standard cartridge and could save you over 50-percent*** on what you print most.^ also , each color cartridge can be replaced individually , which means less waste . with both standard and high-yield cartridges available , you can choose the cartridge that best suits your budget . lexmark helps you get the most out of your printer with customizable apps that can help simplify everyday tasks . when faxing is n't convenient , scan to email allows you to scan a document and send it directly to email . scan to network allows you to scan a document to a personal or shared network folder , while scan to pdf lets you create multi-page documents in pdf format . you can also access the power of the cloud by uploading important documents to cloud-storage services such as evernote and box.net . the pro915 's 4.3-inch color touchscreen provides an intuitive menu system so you can complete tasks quickly and easily . additional efficiency is provided by the 50-sheet automatic document feeder , which allows you to scan large documents quickly . you can also swiftly load different types of paper with the optional 550-sheet tray that boosts plain paper input capacity to 700 sheets . using lexmark 's new vizix 2.0 print technology , the lexmark pro915 prints documents with sharp , clear text and vivid images . fast-drying ink creates smooth , uniform colors and helps prevent smears during two-sided printing . the enhanced printhead design means that documents can be printed quickly , up to 35 pages per minute . the lexmark pro915 printer gives you the flexibility to print from almost anywhere with a wireless-n or ethernet network . * wireless-n technology offers three times the coverage and faster transfer speeds than traditional wireless technology , while ethernet networking capability allows you to connect multiple users at the same time . you can also print from your tablet or mobile device using your wireless network , giving you even greater flexibility . ** the lexmark pro915 gives you peace of mind with its design . lexmark 's high-yield cartridges reduce the number of cartridges consumed over the lifetime of your printer , while the multi-use printhead prevents waste , since it is not discarded each time a cartridge is replaced . you can also reduce paper consumption by up to 50 percent with the automatic two-sided printing option . an eco mode button is incorporated into the printer design and lets the user easily activate energy-saving features . cartridges can be recycled for free through the lexmark cartridge collection program . the cartridge recycling smartsolution lets you use your pro915 touchscreen to order postage-paid bags so you can easily return empty cartridges to lexmark . the printer measures 9.88 by 18.31 by 15.87 inches ( h x w x d ) and weighs 20.03 pounds . the lexmark pro915 printer is backed by a one-year next business day exchange warranty . lexmark pro915 printer ; printhead ; one each : black , cyan , magenta , and yellow licensed return program cartridges ; setup sheet ; user 's guide on cd ; installation software ; power supply and cord ; wireless setup cable for usb connection ; rj-11 phone cable or adapter ; fax guide ; and service information with statement of warranty .
grandstream gxp1100 simple hd ip phone for small business or home office . the gxp1100 is a simple hd ip phone for a small business or home office use . it includes 1 line and 4 xml programmable keys . hd audio and multi-language capabilities create a high quality yet user-friendly basic ip phone .
epson labelworks lw-400 label maker . prints up to four lines of text on labels up to 3 4quot ; wide . two-line backlit display for typing and printing in low-light conditions . labels are automatically printed with a perforated back for easy peel-and-stick application and feature dramatically smaller margins to reduce tape waste . express yourself with 14 fonts , ten styles , 300 built-in symbols and over 75 frames . specialty print modes including barcodes , tabs and flags . large built-in memory stores up to 50 files . tape size : 1 4quot ; 3 8quot ; 1 2quot ; 3 4quot ; number of printed lines : 4 display characters x display lines : 16 x 2 .
canon imageformula dr-m160 office document scanner . with a combination of performance , convenience , and flexibility , the canon imageformula dr-m160 scanner is a compact document imaging solution for office environments . the dr-m160 scanner 's user-friendly design , high-quality image processing , reliable item handling , and intelligent software offer end-to-end options for capturing , converting , communicating , and controlling business information . view larger with a combination of performance , convenience , and flexibility , the canon imageformula dr-m160 scanner is a compact document imaging solution for office environments . its user-friendly design , high-quality image processing , reliable item handling , and intelligent software offer end-to-end options for capturing , converting , communicating , and controlling business information .
kodak hero 3.1 wireless color printer with scanner & copier . an easy-to-use printer thats easy on the wallet . thats the kodak hero 3.1 all-in-one printer . it gives you outstanding ink value with all the essential features you need . like friendly wireless printing and a color display that lets you zoom , crop , and edit . kodak lab-quality photos that last a lifetime and printing on the go from any smart phone , computer , or tablet with google cloud print . with the kodak hero 3.1 all-in-one printer , the choice is simple . and so is the printing .
honeywell mk9540-32a38 voyagercg handheld barcode reader with usb host interface , 5v dc , 25 mw , black . the honeywell mk9540-32a38 voyagercg handheld barcode reader is black , has a laser and a usb cable to connect to the host system , and can be used to scan and decode linear one-dimensional ( 1d ) barcodes . a 650-nanometer ( nm ) , 825 milliwatt ( mw ) laser produces a single line of light to scan the barcode . a trigger automatically activates the laser when a barcode is placed within range of the device 's infrared ( ir ) sensor . a codegate setting allows the scan line to be visible but prevents barcode data from being transmitted until a button is pushed to help reduce accidental scans . the barcode reader 's usb cable can be plugged into the usb port of a computer or another host system ( sold separately ) to transmit barcode data . a configuration utility allows the firmware to be updated as needed to take advantage of new improvements or features . a stand ( sold separately ) enables the barcode reader to be used in a fixed position . this product weighs 149 g ( 5.3 oz . ) and measures 198 x 78 x 56 mm 7.8 x 3.1 x 2.2 inches ( h x w x d ) . ( h is height , the vertical distance from the lowest to highest point ; w is width , the horizontal distance from left to right ; d is depth , the horizontal distance from front to back . ) for a complete set of product specifications , please see the manufacturer 's brochure . barcode scanners , also known as barcode readers , can be used to scan and decode barcodes and to transmit barcode data to a computer or another host system . barcode readers with a single-line laser can be used to scan linear , one-dimensional ( 1d ) barcodes . some lasers can produce light in an omnidirectional pattern to allow scanning of barcodes from different angles . other barcode readers contain ccd ( charge-coupled device ) light sensors instead of a laser for accuracy and wear resistance . barcode scanners with raster scanning , area imaging , and other scanning technologies can allow scanning of two-dimensional ( 2d ) or portable document format 417 ( pdf417 ) barcodes , among other types . some barcode readers provide onboard flash memory to allow the storage of barcode data before transmitting it to a computer or host system through a usb cable or wireless wlan or bluetooth connection . many barcode readers have a handle for handheld use and come with a stand or a charging cradle for fixed position applications , while others are designed for stationary use on a counter or another flat surface . some portable readers are small enough to be carried in a pocket or attached to a lanyard . barcode readers are used at retail checkout counters and other points of sale ( pos ) locations and in warehouses and shipping facilities . honeywell manufactures products , materials , and technologies used in aerospace , transportation , and automation and control systems . the company , founded in 1885 , is headquartered in morristown , nj .
kodak hero 6.1 wireless color printer with scanner , copier & fax . its time to simplify your workload and lower your ink costs with the kodak office hero 6.1 all-in-one printer . with fairly priced ink and a full suite of productivity tools , it lets you spend more time on your business and less on printing . it multitasks as much as you do , letting you copy , scan , fax , and print wirelessly even double-sided . no matter where business happens , google cloud print lets you send emails and attachments back to your office from a laptop or smartphone , so your documents are waiting when you walk in the door . smart sensor technology predicts the supplies and time youll need before you start that next big print run . and you can rely on kodak quality for crisp documents and brilliant images , from first print to last . its the intelligent way to keep your budget in line and your business on the move .
kodak hero 7.1 wireless color printer with scanner & copier . what would you call a printer that combines high intelligence with high-quality , low-cost ink ? we call it the kodak hero 7.1 all-in-one printer . it uses affordable ink , so you can print kodak quality photos at home without worrying about the cost . plus its full of built-in smart features . google cloud print lets you access it from any computer , smartphone , or tablet so you can print from anywhere . double-sided printing lets you save paper and time . smart sensor technology tells you just how much time and supplies youll need . and a sleek , responsive touch panel makes the enhanced feature package easy to control . add it all up and you get a printer with an impressively high iq that makes printing as easy as 1-2-3 .
kodak hero 9.1 wireless color printer with scanner , copier & fax . state-of-the-art technology meets versatility with the kodak hero 9.1 all-in-one printer . its from kodak , so it brings you the ultimate in high quality , yet low-cost ink . but it also comes fully loaded with the latest in intelligent features . like google cloud print that lets you print from any location and any device your computer , smartphone , or tablet . smart sensor technology that detects paper size and predicts supplies and time needed . a large , sleek , intuitive touch panel thats as easy on the eyes as it is easy to use . faxing as fast as 3 seconds per page , plus copying and scanning . double-sided printing to save time and paper . it even has an automatic document feeder and a separate tray for photo printing . the kodak hero 9.1 all-in-one printer . its advanced . its efficient . its versatile . its everything you ever wanted a home printer to be .
brother printer mfcj425w wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . this compact , easy to use all-in-one allows you to print , copy , scan and fax and is ideal for the small or home office . its stylish design with patterned lid will complete your modern office . share with multiple computers on a network using the wireless ( 802.11b g n ) network connection . unattended fax , copy and scan up to 20-page documents using the automatic document feeder . fast print speeds of 33 ppm black 26 ppm color ( fast mode ) ; iso standard 10 ppm black 8ppm color ( iso iec 27434 ) . wireless printing from your mobile device via : airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , and cortado workplace . only change the ink cartridge that needs replacing with the convenient , 4-cartridge ink system . ppm speeds exclude time to complete first page and will vary depending on a variety of factors . for more information about print speed methodology , see the brother website for details . print , copy , scan , and fax print on the go from your mobile the mfc-j425w in an easy-to-use , compact inkjet all-in-one with wireless networking and an automatic document feeder , perfect for the small or home office . the mfc-j425w allows you to print , copy , scan , and fax , and features a stylish design with patterned lid that will complete your modern office . it offers fast print speeds of 33 ppm black 26 ppm color ( fast mode ) 1 and iso standard 10 ppm black 8 ppm color ( iso iec 27434 ) .1 connect multiple computers , and enjoy wireless printing from your mobile device via airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , and cortado workplace3 . utilize the power of your wireless network while reducing the number of cables in your home office . easy-to-set up wireless networking enables others to share the multi-function center on the network . the soho series multi-function center machines are wi-fi 802.11b g n certified and are compatible with new routers with  n  technology , allowing for faster data transfer between your pc and printer router . these models are still compatible with older routers that offer b g technology . the mfc-j425w supports wireless printing from your mobile device via airprint , google cloud print , iprint & scan and cortado workplace10 , allowing you to print on the go . help reduce your printing costs with high yield lc series ink cartridges . all brother inkjet multi-function center machines are equipped with a four-cartridge ink system . this means you only have to change the specific color cartridge that needs to be replaced , instead of having to discard an entire set of ink cartridges . this helps to reduce waste and save you money . plus , the mfc-j425w 's `` n in 1 '' printing and copying option allows you to print several pages onto one , and ink save mode is used when printing draft documents . the brother inkjet multi-function center  s versatile scanning features offer a solution for a variety of needs . designed to help make your everyday personal , home , or business activities easier and more efficient , basic scanning capabilities include : mfcj425w ; lc71 series cartridges ( black , cyan , magenta , yellow ) ; user  s manual ; quick setup guide ; telephone line cord 1. iso speeds based on iso iec 24734 ( print ) or iso iec 24735 ( copy using adf ) . ppm speed is based on printing in fast mode . excludes time to complete first page and will vary depending on a variety of factors . see www.brother-usa.com printspeed for details . 2. resolutions are listed horizontal by vertical dpi . 3. see www.brother.com for details and availability . the iphone app store , android market , and microsoft marketplace are not available in all countries . supports pdf and jpeg formats . windows phone 7 does not support pdf printing . 4. additional purchase required . 5. cables not included . 6. helps save ink by outlining images for draft printing . 7. based on itu-t test chart no . 1 at standard resolution with mmr compression . 8. black and white only . 9. pc-fax send only for mac users . 10. see system requirements at www.brother.com . 11. approximate page yields in accordance with iso 24711. for more page yield information see www.brother.com pageyield .
brother printer mfcj625dw wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . this compact and easy-to-use all-in-one will print , copy , scan and fax . its stylish design and unique , decorative lid is ideal for the small or home office . share with multiple computers using a wireless ( 802.11b g n ) network connection . save paper with auto duplex ( 2-sided ) printing . unattended fax , copy and scan of up to 20 page documents using the automatic document feeder . 1.9 '' touchscreen color lcd display plus touch panel controls interactive menu navigation . fast print speeds of 35 ppm black 27 ppm color ( fast mode ) ; iso standard 12 ppm black 10 ppm color ( iso iec 27434 ) .wireless printing from your mobile device via : airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , and cortado workplace . convenient bypass tray for photo printing .
brother printer mfcj825dw wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . compact and easy-to-use , this all-in-one with unique decorative lid and print , copy , scan and fax features is ideal for the small or home office . share with multiple computers on a network using the wireless ( 802.11b g n ) or wired ethernet connection . the 3.3-inch touchscreen color lcd display is perfect for interactive and easy to use menu navigation . access your facebook , picassa photo organizing software , flickr , google docs and evernote accounts via the web connect touchscreen interface . print directly on printable blank dvds , cds and blu-ray discs for personalization . help save paper with automatic duplex ( 2-sided ) printing . unattended fax , copy and scan up to 20-page documents using the automatic document feeder . fast print speeds of 35 ppm black 27 ppm color ( fast mode ) ; iso-based 12 ppm black 10 ppm color ( iso iec 27434 ) .reduction enlargement : 25 to 400 % , power requirements : 100 to 120 v ac , 50 to 60 hz and paper capacity : adf : 15 pages , input tray : 100 sheets , photo tray : 20 sheets ( 4.0 x 6.0 '' ) and output tray : 50 sheets.operating system : pc : windows 7 , vista , xp home , xp pro , xp pro x64 , server 2003 , server 2003 x64 , 2003 r2 , 2003 r2 , x64 , server 2008 , server 2008 r2 , mac : os x 10.4.11 , 10.5.x , 10.6.x . print directly onto printable cds , dvds , and blu-ray discs the mfc-j825dw is a compact inkjet with a 3.3-inch web connect touchscreen interface . it makes a great addition to a small or home office with easy access to facebook , picasa web albums , flickr , google docs , and evernote accounts . you can also print directly onto printable cds , dvds , and blu-ray discs without hassle . featuring a unique decorative lid , the mfc-j825dw is easy to use and enables you to print , copy , scan , and fax from multiple computers on a network using the wireless or wired ethernet connection . help save paper with automatic duplex ( two-sided ) printing , and enjoy the convenience of unattended faxing , copying , and scanning up to 20-page documents using the automatic document feeder . the mfc-j825dw offers a sleek and stylish design that complements any home or small office environment . four dedicated function keys allow you to easily switch between fax copy scan and the photocapture center with the press of a button . utilize the power of your wireless network while reducing the number of cables in your home office . wireless networking enables others to share the multi-function center on the network . the soho series multi-function center machines are wi-fi 802.11b g n certified and are compatible with new routers with  n  technology , allowing for faster data transfer between your pc and printer router . these models are still compatible with older routers that offer b g technology . the mfc-j825dw supports wireless printing from your mobile device via airprint , google cloud print , iprint & scan and cortado workplace . brother web connect enables you to upload and download files to specific web services without using a computer . access your facebook , picasa web albums , flickr , google docs , and evernote accounts via the web connect touchscreen interface . mobile printing will allow you to print from your mobile device on the go.10 . customize and print professional looking discs . your brother machine can print directly on printable disc media , including cd-r rw , dvd-r rw , and blu-ray disc . there are three ways to print on printable disc media : help reduce your printing costs with high yield lc series ink cartridges . all brother inkjet multi-function center machines are equipped with a four-cartridge ink system . this means you only have to change the specific color cartridge that needs to be replaced , instead of having to discard an entire set of ink cartridges . this helps to reduce waste and save you money . plus , the mfc-j425w 's `` n in 1 '' printing and copying option allows you to print several pages onto one , and ink save mode is used when printing draft documents . mfcj825w ; lc71 series cartridges ( black , cyan , magenta , yellow ) ; cd-rom- assembly for windows and mac ; disc tray ; user  s manual ; quick setup guide ; telephone line cord 1. iso speeds based on iso iec 24734 ( print ) or iso iec 24735 ( copy using adf ) . ppm speed is based on printing in fast mode . excludes time to complete first page and will vary depending on a variety of factors . see www.brother-usa.com printspeed for details . 2. resolutions are listed horizontal by vertical dpi . 3. see www.brother.com for details and availability . the iphone app store , android market , and microsoft marketplace are not available in all countries . supports pdf and jpeg formats . windows phone 7 does not support pdf printing . 4. additional purchase required . 5. cables not included . 6. helps save ink by outlining images for draft printing . 7. based on itu-t test chart no . 1 at standard resolution with mmr compression . 8. black and white only . 9. pc-fax send only for mac users . 10. see system requirements and more details at www.brother.com . 11. approximate page yields in accordance with iso 24711. for more page yield information see www.brother.com pageyield . 12. borderless not available on duplex . minimum default margins 0.12-inches on all sides .
whitmor 3 drawer rolling cart - home and office storage organizer . this three drawer cart features an easy no-tool assembly and heavy duty wheels . the easy to clean polypropylene drawers boast fashionable metal grommets which act as drawer pulls . a great space-saving storage unit for home , office or dorm room . whitmor is a 4th generation family-owned and operated business . since 1946 , whitmor has been dedicated to bringing organization home by creating products that simplify everyday life . ensuring that those products are built with integrity , value , and innovation is our commitment to you . and our promise is that we will always be here for you should you ever need us as we stand behind our product 100 % . whitmor customer service is available in english and spanish monday through friday from 8am - 4:30pm cst . call us and we will gladly assist you in your language . you may contact whitmor toll-free at 1-888-944-8667 or via email at customer_service @ whitmor.com .
computer checks - 300 printed computer checks - check on top - compatible for quickbooks . one check and two vouchers for quicken ( ) , quickbooks ( ) and other software . customize checks with your company & bank informaton . comes in a wide variety of colors & designs . company logo printed free ! checks are check 21 compatible . order today and save 70 % !
ge phones 31591 dect_6.0 1-handset 2-line landline telephone . for more than a century , ge has been committed to producing innovative products that change the way people live . ge cordless phones provide all of the easy-to-use features youd expect from your home phone , and more ! the ge 31591 dect 6.0 expandable digital cordless phone with skype is the latest in digital phone technology . this innovative phone features cordless skype and landline calling . using the pc-free skype access , you can sign in using your skype username and password , see skype contacts online status , manage your skype presence and view your skype message waiting indication , all on this handy unit . the ge 31591 offers skype voicemail access , distinctive ring per line , up to 10 hours talk time , caller id call waiting , a handset speakerphone , and software upgradable caller id and call waiting . it is expandable to 5 handsets and is wi-fi friendly as well . the caller id stores 50 names and numbers , has phonebook matching , voice message waiting indication , and allows you to store cid to a phonebook . the phonebook stores up to 200 skype contacts and up to 100 landline names and numbers , provides alphabetical searching , and allows access to your phonebook during a call . this cutting edge phone takes your personal communication to the next level . no matter your lifestyle , ge has a phone for you !
jinhao brand new golden dragon red crystal eyes fountain pen with push in style ink converter . jinhao golden dragon red crystal eyes fountain pen jinhao craft pen is inspired from the long history and splendid traditional culture of china that contributes to the fine artistic elements and design concept ; and it 's processed and finished by world-leading techniques . thanks to the original design , top materials , and exquisite craftsman ship , it stands for the excellent quality , the trend in the valuable for collection , and the witness to history . completely brand new can use bottled ink .
mother of pearl white fountain pen golden dragon ruby eye noblest with push in style ink converter . jinhao craft pen is inspired from the long history and splendid traditional culture of china that contributes to the fine artistic elements and design concept ; and it 's processed and finished by world-leading techniques . thanks to the original design , top materials , and exquisite craftsman ship , it stands for the excellent quality , the trend in the valuable for collection , and the witness to history . completely brand new can use bottled ink .
book repair tape- 2 inch wide self adhesive white . this 2 inch wide tape is mainly used for reinforcing or repairing book spines . self adhesive archival quality heavy duty tape . there are 15 yards per roll .
lexmark standard yield 150 black ink . from beginning to end , customer experience was paramount in the creation of the new lexmark vizix 2.0 print technology . everything from the individual ink cartridges to the ink itself is designed , inside and out , for sustainable printing and reliable quality at an excellent value . the design of the print system and supplies helps you save money and the environment . the advanced printheads enhance print speed , deliver outstanding print quality and ensure consistent results . this advantage means increased efficiency and fast , dependable and high-quality printing . this is a hazmat non-returnable item .
aspen credenza . 410849 -distressed : no .
brother printer mfc-j5910dw wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . the mfc-j5910dw is a compact , feature-rich , professional inkjet all-in-one with built-in wireless ( 802.11b g n ) and wired ethernet networking . up to 11 '' x 17 '' duplex ( 2-sided ) printing and copying with super high yield replacement ink cartridges help save time and money .
2 pcs brand new deluxe high back lock & lounge boat seat . this high-quality , fold down seat is finished with : full 2 feet wilder seat bottom and back . totally strapless design . folds flat for improved aerodynamics . new high-tech pinchless hinge . guaranteed no-rot frame construction . machine screws with t-nuts ; no sharp wood screws . six smooth stainless hinge ball-bearings . size : 17 inch x 17 inch x 17 inch .
the neat company neatdesk desktop scanner and digital filing system , home office edition , 2005410 . neatdesk is a high-speed desktop scanner that enables you to scan receipts , business cards , and documents all in one batch . neat 's home office edition will transform your document management workflow into a seamless , efficient digital system . the combination of a neatdesk scanner and our essential software service is the perfect way to get organized and be more productive . imagine all of your important files , always accessible -- from anywhere . whether it 's a contract you scanned at the office , an e-receipt you forwarded , or a restaurant bill you snapped with your mobile device - it 's all together , always in sync , and always available with neat . when your documents are in neat , they 're not only synchronized between your various devices , they 're also securely backed up on our servers . that means that a lost phone or broken computer no longer means lost files . neat uses encryption technology known as secure socket layer ( ssl ) to ensure that your personal information stays private . we also employ bank-level 256-bit encryption technology to protect your important documents . when it comes to your documents ' security , there 's no safer place than in neat . note : this bundle includes 1 year of neat essential software service . a paid subscription is not necessary to use your scanner or the features of neat basic . for more information see the neat website . neatdesk is a high-speed desktop scanner and digital filing system that enables you to scan receipts , business cards and documents all in one batch . the patented technology identifies and extracts the important information and automatically organizes it for you . transform receipts into expense reports , business cards into address book contacts and create searchable pdf files from any document . export information to pdf , excel , quicken , quickbooks , turbotax and more . scan three paper types on both sides with one push of a button . at work or at home , neatdesk de-clutters your workspace , providing a central `` inbox '' for all your papers -- ready to scan when you are . with neatdesk , you get a digital filing cabinet that intelligently organizes and secures all your important information . the removable input tray can scan both sides of up to 15 receipts , 15 business cards , and 15 documents at a time -- or even a single , 50-page document . neatdesk is powered by the neat software suite for scanning receipts , business cards , documents , and creating tax reports . think of it as a digital filing cabinet for your documents , business cards and receipts . except unlike the old paper monster in the corner , you can search for any item in this system simply by entering a keyword or date , place , project or any other information you choose . the neat digital filing system is a better way to organize your paper . rather than cluttering up your desk and file drawers , simply scan in any document and you 'll get a digital copy back that you can file in the system electronically . with neatdesk you can save digital copies of receipts and records of vendors , dates and totals , create expense reports and manage business and personal expenses . the software also allows users to keep track of expenses for tax time ( records accepted by the irs ) and easily export data to excel , quicken , quickbooks , turbotax . organize your rolodex digitally by creating digital images of cards and contact information with neatdesk . the software captures name , address , company , title , and more , creating your own searchable contact database and allows for export to outlook and and other contact software . neatdesk also allows you to create searchable pdf files , editing text using copy paste , and organize and store in a digital filing cabinet within the neat software . neatdesk adf scanner , usb cable , neat software installation cd , protective pouch , scanner calibration paper , scanner cleaning cloth , quick start guide , and power supply .
ocean monthly calendar memo board . whether you 're celebrating those warm summer days , or just dreaming of them , this item will be perfect for keeping up with monthly activities . it will stick to the refrigerator or any magnetic surface . wet erase marker included . dimensions : 8.5 '' x 11 '' high quality 20 mil magnetic material proudly made in the usa
inktec black ink refill kits for the hp 61 ink cartridges , model hpi-1061d . inktec inks and refill kits are world renown for their incredible quality , seamless compatibility and ease of use . this refill kit is formulated and designed for use with hp 61 ( ch561wn ) & 61xl ( ch563wn ) black ink cartridges and the following printers : hp deskjet : 1010 1050 1051 1055 1056 1510 1512 2050 2510 2512 2514 2540 2541 2542 2543 2544 3000 3050 3050a 3051a 3052a 3054 3056a 3510 3511 3512 3516 hp envy : 4500 e-all-in-one 4501 e-all-in-one 4502 e-all-in-one 4504 e-all-in-one 5530 e-all-in-one 5531 e-all-in-one 5535 e-all-in-one hp officejet : 2620 4630 4632 4635 8040 8045
waterman expert stainless steel , ballpoint pen with medium blue refill ( s0952100 ) . waterman expert ballpoint pen , medium point , stainless steel with chrome trim ( s0952100 ) . the generous cigar-shaped silhouette and wealth of fine materials reveal that beneath your executive persona stirs a creative spirit . skilfully made in france , every waterman pen echoes the genius of founder lewis edson waterman , inventor of the first reliable fountain pen in 1883. waterman ballpoint pens produce flawless lines and never dry out . its an anytime , anywhere ink that gives free reign to your spontaneous expression . brushed stainless steel contrasts wittily with palladium-plated trim for a contemporary chic design . broad ring shows its strength and stability . made in france . comes with a 3-year international warranty , which may be extended 2 years by registering your writing instrument at www.waterman.com .
samsung scx-4729fw xaa wireless monochrome printer with scanner , copier & fax . 29 page per minute , black and white laser mfp printer , print , copy , scan , fax , built-in wireless & duplex , wps button for wireless setup within 2 minutes , 250 sheet built-in paper cassette tray print , copy , scan , and fax documents with ease using the scx-4729fw black & white multifunction laser printer from samsung . the scx-4729fw can print up to 29 pages a minute , built-in duplex capability lets you print on both sides of the page , and an automatic document feeder allows you to process up to 50 sheets at a time . built-in wireless capabilities enable you to connect the printer to any computer on your wi-fi network , and samsung 's mobile print app enables you to print directly from your iphone , ipad , android or windows phone mobile device . the printer sports an elegant design to complement your workspace , including a sleek top cover to protect the machine from dust . extra high yield toner can double your average page yield . view larger . print up to 29 pages a minute and scan , copy , or fax up to 50 sheets at a time . view larger . print directly from your mobile device to the printer over your wireless network . view larger . easy eco driver helps ensure you 're not wasting toner or paper . view larger . along with exceptional-looking black-and-white prints , the scx-4729fw black & white multifunction laser printer delivers print speeds of up to 29 pages per minute , which means you spend less time waiting for your documents . built-in duplex printing capability enables you to print on both sides of the page -- reducing waste , saving you money , and making this printer great for business use . a one-touch wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) button allows you to connect the scx-4729fw to your wi-fi network quickly and easily . as a result , you can place the scx-4729fw wherever you want in your office and print from any computer on the network without worrying about running cables . simply press the wps button on your internet router and the wps button on the scx-4729fw , and the printer automatically configures and connects to your wireless network . available for the iphone , the ipad , and android and windows phone devices , the award winning* samsung mobile print app allows you to print directly from your mobile device to the printer over your wireless network . as a result , you can work smarter and faster without wasting time switching devices or transferring files . the app lets you print not only jpegs and pdfs but also the full suite of microsoft office files , including word documents , powerpoint slides , and excel spreadsheets . a one-touch eco button automatically enables several options , including forced duplex printing , printing with toner save , and skipping blank pages . you can edit the default settings and even choose whether they apply to the next print job only or all future jobs . with samsung 's award-winning** easy eco driver , you can further edit your jobs before printing to ensure you 're not wasting toner or paper . with easy-to-use settings such as image or bold text removal , the printer helps save on paper and toner costs . the scx-4729fw contains a convenient one-piece toner cartridge system , which allows you to change cartridges easily without making a mess . toner cartridges are sold separately . this printer also accommodates high-yield toner cartridges , which are well suited for heavy users and are designed to last longer and deliver lower costs per page . the scx-4729fw black & white multifunction laser printer uses the following toner :  black : mlt-d103s - average page yield of 1,500 standard*** pages .  black high yield : mlt-d103l - average page yield of 2,500 standard*** pages . this printer is compatible with computers running 32- or 64-bit versions of windows xp , windows server 2003 , windows vista , windows server 2008 , windows server 2008 r2 , and windows 7 , as well as mac os x ( version 10.3 and later ) and linux and unix systems . it measures 15.2 by 16.1 by 13.3 inches ( h x w x d ) and weighs 22.7 pounds . the scx-4729fw black & white multifunction laser printer is backed by a one-year warranty . scx-4729fw black & white multifunction laser printer , power cord , hi-speed usb 2.0 cable , starter toner , driver software cd with digital user manual , warranty card , and quick installation guide . * the samsung mobile print app earned the 2012 `` outstanding mobile print app '' award from buyers lab , inc.** samsung eco driver earned the 2012 `` outstanding achievement '' award from buyers lab , inc.*** toner yields declared in accordance with iso iec 19752 at 5 % page coverage product configuration . ( click each image to enlarge ) .
besta cd-268s way english-chinese bilingual electronic dictionary . oxford advanced learners english-chinese dictionary > 7th edition with approx . 180,000 searchable words , phrases and definitions , as well as approx . 85,000 sample sentences cambridge encyclopedia > with approx . 4 million words and 24,300 phrases and definitions english-chinese dictionary > with approx . 300,000 searchable words , 43,000 sample sentences and provides further information of word form , spelling , roots , meaning , variation , synonym & antonym and related words the contemporary chinese dictionary > ( bilingual version ) the prestigious and standardized dictionary in simplified chinese world , with approx . 64,000 chinese phrases indonesian dictionaries > built in 15 bahasa indonesia dictionaries , including english-indonesian indonesian-english indonesian-indonesian indonesian-chinese chinese-indonesian medical business idioms slang maths physics chemistry biology science sports english professional dictionary > database , including 165 volumes of terminology and technical term dictionaries compiled by besta , national institute for compilation and translation ( taiwan ) , national science and technology term standard committee ( china ) , the best reference tool for professionals , students and researchers alike chinese - english sentence translation and smart comparison syllable pronunciation powerful search engine with cross-dictionaries search video and animated learning chinese strokes demonstration display in 5 kinds of font sizes up to 30 cross-search windows real human demonstration for phonetics drill
linkyo compatible toner cartridge replacement for canon 128 ( black ) .
hp envy 110 e-all-in-one printer ( brown ) . functions : print , scan , copy , webprint technology : hp thermal inkjetlanguage : hp pcl 3 gui , pmlprint resolution : black ( best quality ) : up to 1200 x 600 rendered dpi ; color ( best quality ) : up to 4800 x 1200 optimized dpi color ( when printing from a computer on selected hp photo papers and 1200 input dpiprint speed : iso speed : up to 11ppm black , up to 7.5 ppm color ; maximum print speed : up to 22 ppm black , up to 22 ppm colorborderless printing : yes ( up to 8.5 x 11 in , 216 x 279 mm ) direct print supported : yes ( memory cards ) duplex print options : automatic ( standard ) duty cycle ( monthly ) : up to 1000 pagesmemory : 64 mbcolor scanning : yesscanner type : flatbedscan technology : contact image sensor ( cis ) scan resolution : enhanced : up to 19,200 dpi ; hardware : up to 1200 x 1200 dpi ; optical : up to 1200 dpimaximum scan size : 8.5 x 11.7 in ( 216 x 297 mm ) scan input modes : front-panel scanbit depth : 24-bit 256copy resolution : black ( text and graphics ) : up to 600 dpi ; color ( text and graphics ) : up to 600 dpicopy speed : laser comparable speed : up to 6.5 ppm black , up to 5.5 ppm color ; maximum copy speed : up to 21 cpm black , up to 20 cpm colormaximum number of copies : up to 50 copiescopier resize : 25 to 400 % standard connectivity : 1 usb 2.0 , 1 wifi 802.11b g nnetwork ready : standard ( built-in wifi 802.11b g n ) div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? stylish design , wireless printing and lab-quality photos print photos and documents instantly from any mobile device with hp eprintjust send it to your printer and it automatically prints ! 1 print from the web without a pc2 and fax without a phone line3 enlargefunctions hp eprint now , print from virtually anywhere.1 web connected access and print from the web using the color display and apps.2 airprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.4 features enlarge built-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documents auto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not included specificationsprint speed iso speeds : up to 7 pages per minute black , up to 4 ppm color5 scan resolution up to 1200-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 11.69 '' copy reduce enlarge : 25 to 400 % ; maximum number of copies , up to 50paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 11.69 '' ; up to 1,000 pages per month enlarge remember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink6 60 200 pages 60xl 600 pages 60 165 pages 60xl 440 pages recommended hp paper hp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet paper more informationdatasheet ( pdf ) which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by side see comparison chart requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any connected internet- and e-mail-capable device . print times may vary . some hp laserjets may require a firmware upgrade . for a list of supported documents , and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . and for additional solutions , see www.hp.com go mobile-printing-solutions . requires a wireless access point and an internet connection to the printer . services may require registration . app availability varies by country , language and agreements . for details , http : www.hp.com go eprintcenter.web-based fax service requires an internet connection to the printer and registration with third-party service . includes up to 20 inbound pages and 20 outbound pages per month . additional terms and restrictions apply , see http : www.hp.com support . supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . either after first page or after first set of iso test pages . for details see : http : www.hp.com go printerclaims.average cartridge yield : declared yield value in accordance with iso iec 19752 and iso iec 19798. actual yields vary based on specific use including images printed , printer , print settings and other factors . see www.hp.com learnaboutsupplies for more information .
hp officejet pro 8600 e-all-in-on wireless color printer with scanner , copier & fax . ojpro 8600 div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? professional color for up to 50 % lower cost per page than lasers1 print photos and documents instantly from any mobile device with hp eprintjust send it to your printer and it automatically prints ! 2effortless copying with one-sided copies of a two-sided id card enlargefunctions hp eprintnow , print from virtually anywhere.2 web connectedaccess and print from the web using the color display and apps.3 airprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.4 features built-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documentsauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed iso speeds : up to 18 pages per minute black , up to 13 ppm color5faxup to 100-page fax memoryscanresolution up to 4800-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 11.7 '' copyresolution up to 1200 x 600 dpi ; up to 99 copies maximumpaper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 25,000 pages per month remember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink69501,000 pages950xl2,300 pages951700 pages951xl1,500 pages951700 pages951xl1,500 pages951700 pages951xl1,500 pages recommended hp paper hp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet paper more informationdatasheet ( pdf ) which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by side see comparison chart majority of color laser aios < $ 600 , march 2010 ; for details , see http : www.hp.com go officejet . oj pro iso yield with highest-capacity cartridges based on continuous printing ; see http : www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies . requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any connected internet- and e-mail-capable device . print times may vary . some hp laserjets may require a firmware upgrade . for a list of supported documents , and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . and for additional solutions , see www.hp.com go mobile-printing-solutions . requires a wireless access point and an internet connection to the printer . services may require registration . app availability varies by country , language and agreements . for details , http : www.hp.com go eprintcenter . supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . either after first page or after first set of iso test pages . for details see : http : www.hp.com go printerclaims.average cartridge yield : declared yield value in accordance with iso iec 19752 and iso iec 19798. actual yields vary based on specific use including images printed , printer , print settings and other factors . see www.hp.com learnaboutsupplies for more information .
hp officejet pro 8600 plus e-all-in-one printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . ojpro 8600 plus div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? professional color for up to 50 % lower cost per page than lasers1 print photos and documents instantly from any mobile device with hp eprintjust send it to your printer and it automatically prints ! 250-sheet automatic document feeder with duplexer enlargefunctions hp eprintnow , print from virtually anywhere.2 web connectedaccess and print from the web using the color display and apps.3 airprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.4 features built-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documentsauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed iso speeds : up to 20 pages per minute black , up to 16 ppm color5faxup to 100-page fax memoryscan resolution up to 4800-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 14 '' copyresolution up to 1200 x 600 dpi ; up to 99 copies maximumpaper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 25,000 pages per month remember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink69501,000 pages950xl2,300 pages951700 pages951xl1,500 pages951700 pages951xl1,500 pages951700 pages951xl1,500 pages recommended hp paper hp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet paper more informationdatasheet ( pdf ) which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by side see comparison chart majority of color laser aios < $ 600 , march 2010 ; for details , see http : www.hp.com go officejet . oj pro iso yield with highest-capacity cartridges based on continuous printing ; see http : www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies . requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any connected internet- and e-mail-capable device . print times may vary . some hp laserjets may require a firmware upgrade . for a list of supported documents , and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . and for additional solutions , see www.hp.com go mobile-printing-solutions . requires a wireless access point and an internet connection to the printer . services may require registration . app availability varies by country , language and agreements . for details , http : www.hp.com go eprintcenter . supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . either after first page or after first set of iso test pages . for details see : http : www.hp.com go printerclaims.average cartridge yield : declared yield value in accordance with iso iec 19752 and iso iec 19798. actual yields vary based on specific use including images printed , printer , print settings and other factors . see www.hp.com learnaboutsupplies for more information .
hp officejet pro 8600 premium e-all-in-one . print professional color for up to 50 % lower cost per page than lasers , and get a better value for frequent printing . print documents that resist fading , water and highlighter-pen smears , using hp officejet inks . achieve iso print speeds up to 20 ppm black and 16 ppm color , using affordable , individual inks . efficient web connectivityeven print on the go : print from a variety of mobile devices on the go . with hp eprintnow you can print from virtually anywhere . use the large touchscreen with gesturing to access business apps , plus quickly print and store files . easily view and print photos from a usb drive and memory cards . standout versatility with copy and scan solutions : create flawless copies with copysmart solutions , and easily print two-sided identification cards . get automatic two-sided print , copy and scan capabilities , and do more with the 50-page automatic document feeder . improve workflowsend quick faxes , scan up to legal-size documents to a pc or e-mail , and more . exceptional energy and resource savings . use up to 50 % less energy than lasers with this energy star qualified printer , and preset on or off times . easily recycle cartridges , and use up to 70 % less supplies and packaging by weight compared with lasers . consume up to 50 % less paper while printing , using automatic two-sided printing . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? professional color for up to 50 % lower cost per page than lasers1 print photos and documents instantly from any mobile device with hp eprintjust send it to your printer and it automatically prints ! 2second 250-sheet paper tray enlargefunctions hp eprintnow , print from virtually anywhere.2 web connectedaccess and print from the web using the color display and apps.3 airprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.4 features built-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documentsauto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not includedspecificationsprint speed iso speeds : up to 20 pages per minute black , up to 16 ppm color5faxup to 100-page fax memoryscan resolution up to 4800-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 14 '' copyresolution up to 1200 x 600 dpi ; up to 99 copies maximumpaper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 14 '' ; up to 25,000 pages per month remember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink69501,000 pages950xl2,300 pages951700 pages951xl1,500 pages951700 pages951xl1,500 pages951700 pages951xl1,500 pages recommended hp paper hp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet paper more informationdatasheet ( pdf ) which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by side see comparison chart majority of color laser aios < $ 600 , march 2010 ; for details , see http : www.hp.com go officejet . oj pro iso yield with highest-capacity cartridges based on continuous printing ; see http : www.hp.com go learnaboutsupplies . requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any connected internet- and e-mail-capable device . print times may vary . some hp laserjets may require a firmware upgrade . for a list of supported documents , and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . and for additional solutions , see www.hp.com go mobile-printing-solutions . requires a wireless access point and an internet connection to the printer . services may require registration . app availability varies by country , language and agreements . for details , http : www.hp.com go eprintcenter . supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . either after first page or after first set of iso test pages . for details see : http : www.hp.com go printerclaims.average cartridge yield : declared yield value in accordance with iso iec 19752 and iso iec 19798. actual yields vary based on specific use including images printed , printer , print settings and other factors . see www.hp.com learnaboutsupplies for more information .
martin universal design artisan air lift stool , metalic purple . the martin artisan colorful stools are for people on the go .
1 x classi cigar golden ring fountain pen , pen barrel is finished in gray mable look with push in style ink converter .
xerox documate 3125 duplex color document scanner for pc and mac . the xerox documate 3125 color desktop scanner quickly converts your documents , plastic cards and forms into digital files , then securely saves them on your computer or in the cloud ready to be accessed another day when needed . it can scan up to 70 images per minute ( ipm ) in duplex and includes a 50-page automatic document feeder ( adf ) that handles everything from business cards to a4 letter size documents . the xerox documate 3125 has an exceptionally small footprint and will fit comfortably on any desk ( especially when folded closed ) . it is the perfect solution for organizations that need to quickly convert paper documents into searchable pdf files to be shared , organized and protected . for mac users , the xerox documate 3125 includes a fully featured twain driver , ica support , and a simple yet powerful scan utility , allowing you to get started right out the box . prepare the pages before loading them into the scanner , this helps to prevent multiple- page feeding and paper jams . if the edges of the paper are curled or folded , flatten them as much as possible.fan the edges of the paper to make sure none of the pages are stuck together
brother mfc-j280w compact inkjet all-in-one . the mfc-j280w is a compact and easy-to-use all-in-one that allows you to print , copy , scan and fax . its stylish design with patterned lid will complete your modern office . share with multiple computers on a network using the wireless ( 802.11b g n ) network connection . built-in fax allows you to send and receive documents without using your computer . the 1.9 '' touchscreen color lcd display plus touch panel controls are ideal for interactive and easy to use menu navigation . fast print speeds of 33 ppm black 26 ppm color ( fast mode ) ; iso standard 10 ppm black 8ppm color ( iso iec 24734 ) +- . compatible with brother iprint & scan free app download that allows you to print images ( jpeg and pdf ) from and scan to your apple android , or windows : phone 7 ( jpeg only ) mobile device+- . the 4-cartridge ink system allows you to change only the cartridge that needs to be replaced . flatbed copying and scanning . flatbed copier allows you to copy bound , thick or odd shaped documents 4-cartridge ink system . only change the cartridge that needs to be replaced . brother iprint & scan . free app download for wireless printing ( jpeg & pdf ) from and scanning to your apple , android or windows phone 7 ( jpeg only ) mobile device help save ink . reduce ink consumption using ink save mode . 4 cartridge ink system energy star qualified max . black print speed ( ppm ) 33ppm black ; max . color print speed ( ppm ) 26ppm color iso-based print speed ( black ) 10ppm black ; iso-based print speed ( color ) 8ppm color print resolution ( maximum dpi ) up to 6000 x 1200 dpi borderless printing capable standard input paper capacity ( sheets ) up to 100-sheet input capacity standard interface ( s ) - hi-speed usb 2.0 , wireless ( 802.11 b g n ) printer driver compatibility - windows mac os optical scan resolution ( dpi ) 2400 x 1200 dpi copy reduce , enlarge with zoom control brother 1-year limited warranty unit dimensions ( wxdxh ) 15.9 x 14.9 x
lexmark high yield 150xl cmy tri-pack . from beginning to end , customer experience was paramount in the creation of the new lexmark vizix 2.0 print technology . everything from the individual ink cartridges to the ink itself is designed , inside and out , for sustainable printing and reliable quality at an excellent value . the design of the print system and supplies helps you save money and the environment . the advanced printheads enhance print speed , deliver outstanding print quality and ensure consistent results . this advantage means increased efficiency and fast , dependable and high-quality printing . from beginning to end , customer experience was paramount in the creation of the new lexmark vizix 2.0 print technology . everything from the individual ink cartridges to the ink itself is designed , inside and out , for sustainable printing and reliable quality at an excellent value . the design of the print system and supplies helps you save money and the environment . the advanced printheads enhance print speed , deliver outstanding print quality and ensure consistent results . this advantage means increased efficiency and fast , dependable and high-quality printing .
uniden d1384-2bk dect_6.0 2-handset landline telephone . uniden 2-handset dect cordless phone system with built-in all digital answering system , handset speakerphone and caller id call waiting .
wolverine f2d8 8 mp 35mm slides negatives scanner ( old version ) . wolverine 8 megapixel 35mm slides and negatives to digital image converter
wolverine pass200 handheld portable documents , books and photo scanner . how many times have you wanted to copy an important document , a recipe from a friend , article from a magazine right now and right there ? gathering and sharing information just got easier with the wolverine pass handheld scanner ! the wolverine pass portable battery powered scanner is the ideal solution to scan documents , photos , magazines , books , decorative patterns , and anything else you think about , right there and right now . simple and easy to use , just power it on , press the scan button and start rolling the scanner over the object , it 's as simple as that ! when you are done simply connect the scanner to any computer ( windows or mac ) via the included usb cable to save , print , or email your scans . wolverine pass is your solution to digitizing anything on the fly - a true necessity for every home and office !
flash furniture 36 '' x 48 '' carpet chair mat with lip . this clear vinyl , commercial grade chair mat is designed to help your chair roll easily on carpeted floors and prevent carpet wear caused by chair casters . it features a scuff and slip resistant top surface for durability and safety . the underside has a gripper back to firmly anchor the chair mat on low pile carpet , protecting your carpet from spills and damage . the mat includes a protruding lip to protect the carpet under the desk and allow the chair to roll even when it 's all the way under the desk .
brother mfc-j430w inkjet all-in-one . compact , wireless all-in-one for the home or small office . wireless networking helps reduce cable clutter . with no wires , its easy to set up your printer where you want . fast , reliable printing up to 10 pages per minute in black , 8 in color ( iso standard ) . 20-sheet automatic document feeder for simple , unattended copying , scanning and faxing . 1.9 '' color screen lets you preview your photos . professional-quality prints at up to 6000 x 1200 dpi resolution . energy star compliant . adheres to the epa 's energy star standards , to keep energy consumption and operating costs as low as possible .
epson complete ink cartridge set for stylus photo 3880 printer iesk3880c . epson complete ink cartridge set for epson stylus photo 3880 printer
hp photosmart 5514 e-all-in-one printer ( b111h ) . easily print everyday documents , make copies and scan photos with this wireless e-all-in-one inkjet printer . use the web-enabled touchscreen to access and print driving directions , puzzles and other online contentwithout turning on your computer . send photos and documents directly from your smartphone to your all-in-one , thanks to airprint and hp eprint mobile printing solutions . conserve paper with automatic two-sided printing . save money by replacing only the cartridge that runs out , thanks to the four individual inks . print technology : inkjet maximum print speed black : 22 ppm maximum print speed color : 21 ppm .
hp envy 114 e-all-in-one printer - d411c ( black ) . the stylish hp envy 114 e-all-in-one is an innovative complement to your home-low-noise acoustics minimize printer sounds for quiet print performance , and the paper tray extends and retracts so it stays out of sight when not in use.warranty : with services , software , solutions and support from hp total care , you can use , protect and enjoy your hp technology . comes with one-year technical phone support , one-year limited hardware warranty and access to 24 7 award-winning support services.windows system requirements : xp ( 32-bit ) : service pack 2 , intel pentium ii or celeron processor ( intel pentium iii or higher processor recommended ) , 128 mb ram ( 512 mb recommended ) , 750 mb free disk space ( 850 mb recommended ) , cd dvd drive . vista : 800 mhz 32-bit ( x86 ) or 64-bit ( x64 ) processor ( 1 ghz 32-bit ( x86 ) or 64-bit ( x64 ) processor recommended ) , 512 mb ram ( 1 gb recommended ) , 2 gb free disk space ( 2.5 gb recommended ) , cd dvd drive.windows 7 : 1 ghz 32-bit ( x86 ) or 64-bit ( x64 ) processor ( 1.5 ghz 32-bit ( x86 ) or 64-bit ( x64 ) processor recommended ) , 1 gb ram ( 2 gb recommended ) , 1.5 gb free disk space ( 2 gb recommended ) , cd dvd drive . div.aplusannotate { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 13px ; } div.aplusacontenthead { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentbody { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; } div.apluschartname { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 15px ; padding-top : .4em ; } div.aplusaplusheader { font-size : 15px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; } div.aplusacontentlegal { font-size : 11px ; font-weight : normal ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; margin:1em 0 1em 0 ; } div.aplusstyle11 { font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; font-size : 10px ; } div.aplusacontentheadorange { font-size : 17px ; font-weight : bold ; font-family : arial , helvetica , sans-serif ; color : # cc6600 ; } .apluschartbg { background-color : # 999 ; width:1px ; height:70px ; } .apluscurrentviewbg { background-color : # ffffcc ; } .aplusacontentlegal ol { list-style-position : outside ; margin:0em 1em 0em ; padding:0em 1em 0em ; } why buy ? stylish design , wireless printing and lab-quality photos print photos and documents instantly from any mobile device with hp eprintjust send it to your printer and it automatically prints ! 1 print from the web without a pc2 and fax without a phone line3 enlargefunctions hp eprint now , print from virtually anywhere.1 web connected access and print from the web using the color display and apps.2 airprint simply print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , and ipod touch.4 featuresbuilt-in wireless printingprint from any room without using cablesbuilt-in wired networkingshare your printer with multiple peopletwo-sided printingsave paper by printing on both sides automaticallymemory card slotsprint photos without using a pccolor lcd screenedit photos and or manage your printer easily4 x 6 color photo printingprint brilliant photos for albums or to enhance business documents auto document feederfax , scan and copy multiple pages automaticallyincluded not included specificationsprint speed iso speeds : up to 7 pages per minute black , up to 4 ppm color5 scan resolution up to 1200-dpi optical ; maximum scan size 8.5 '' x 11.69 '' copy reduce enlarge : 50 to 400 % ; maximum number of copies , up to 50paper handling 3 '' x 5 '' to 8.5 '' x 11.69 '' ; up to 1,000 pages per month remember original hp ink and paper save money when you choose high-capacity cartridges over standard ones recommended hp ink6 60 200 pages 60xl 600 pages 60 165 pages 60xl 440 pages recommended hp paper hp premium plus photo paperhp bright white inkjet paper more informationdatasheet ( pdf ) which hp printer is right for you ? compare the good , better and best , side by sidesee comparison chart requires an internet connection to the printer . feature works with any connected internet- and e-mail-capable device . print times may vary . some hp laserjets may require a firmware upgrade . for a list of supported documents , and image types , see www.hp.com go eprintcenter . and for additional solutions , see www.hp.com go mobile-printing-solutions.requires a wireless access point and an internet connection to the printer . services may require registration . app availability varies by country , language and agreements . for details , http : www.hp.com go eprintcenter.web-based fax service requires an internet connection to the printer and registration with third-party service . includes up to 20 inbound pages and 20 outbound pages per month . additional terms and restrictions apply , see http : www.hp.com support . supports ios 4.2 devices ( ipad , iphone 4 , iphone 3gs , and 3rd and 4th generation ipod touch ) that support multitasking . works with hp eprint-enabled printers and all-in-ones . airprint and ios 4.2 devices require an 802.11 wireless network connection to the printer . wireless performance is dependent upon physical environment and distance from the access point . airprint and the airprint logo are trademarks of apple inc. ipad , iphone and ipod touch are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . either after first page or after first set of iso test pages . for details see : http : www.hp.com go printerclaims.average cartridge yield : declared yield value in accordance with iso iec 19752 and iso iec 19798. actual yields vary based on specific use including images printed , printer , print settings and other factors . see www.hp.com learnaboutsupplies for more information .
esky usb automatic handheld barcode scanner reader with free adjustable stand . esky - sky of electronics specifications : - increased productivity , lower tco - high performance scanning - durable , future-proof construction - scanner type : bi-directional - light source : 650-670nm ( visible ) - scan rate : 100 scans second - resolution : 0.10mm ( 4mil ) pcs 0.9 - depth of field : 0-600mm ( 0.33mm.pcs 90 % ) - reading distance : 2.5-600mm ( 100 % upc ean ) - print contrast : 30 % min - dimension : 165mm*63mm*87mm - barcode types : ean-8 , ean-13 , upc-a , upc-e , code 39 , code 93 , code 128 , ean128 , codabar , industrial 2 of 5 , interleave 2 of 5.matrix 2 of 5 , msi , chinese postcode and more - scanning angle : inclination angle 45 , elevation angle 60 - scan scope : 18cm - bit error rate : 1 3million - fall test : 1.8m drop on concrete surface - interface : keyboard wedge , rs232.usb and more . - power voltage : 5v - working current : 57ma package content : - 1 x barcode scanner - 1 x english user manual - 1 x standing bracket seller warranty - 30-day money back guarantee - 12 month replacement warranty - lifetime support guarantee
hewlett-packard officejet 4500 all-in-one inkjet printer w copy fax print scan energy-efficient .
amazonbasics 12-sheet cross-cut paper shredder and shredder sharpening & lubricant sheets ( pack of 24 ) bundle .
hp laserjet enterprise 500 color m551n , ( cf081a ) . professional color , intuitive manageability , and world-class extensibilityall for an outstanding value . help your business prints make more of an impactproduce high-quality color marketing materials and more . count on hp for energy-saving features .
hp laserjet enterprise 500 color m551dn , ( cf082a ) . professional color , intuitive manageability , and world-class extensibilityall for an outstanding value . help your business prints make more of an impactproduce high-quality color marketing materials and more . count on hp for energy-saving features .
1,000 sheets ; 2,000 labels , 2-up , half sheet internet postage shipping labels ( 5-1 2 '' x 8-1 2 '' ) -- bpa free ! . we start with superior raw materials consisting of : ( a ) high quality paper stock ( 80g m2 ) , ( b ) permanent acrylic adhesive , ( c ) white glassine release paper ( 60g m2 ) , ( d ) superb whiteness , and ( e ) water , grease and rub resistance . labels are produced using the latest technology and undergo numerous quality control checks . our certifications include iso 9000 9001 9004 19011 : 2000 and others . our labels will not damage your inkjet laser printer . we use state of the art glue technologies which conform to our stringent standards . our labels are produced in a clean environment and immediately packed into protective polybags to protect the sheets from dirt and scuffing . all houselabels products are bpa free . bpa ( bisphenol a ) is an industrial chemical that has been used since the 1960s . certain thermal paper may contain bpa . the national toxicology program at the department of health and human services says it has `` some concern '' about the possible health effects of bpa on the brain , behavior and prostate gland of fetuses , infants and children .
cool toner compatible toner cartridge replacement for brother tn336 tn-336 tn331 hll8350cdwt toner for brother mfc l8850cdw hl l8350cdw mfcl8850cdw toner printer ( black cyan magenta yellow,4-pack ) .
canon pixma mg2120 color photo printer with scanner and copier . compact and stylish photo all-in-one printer with hybrid ink system the pixma mg2120 inkjet photo all-in-one delivers fantastic quality , versatility , and ease of use at an outstanding value . print gorgeous , borderless1 photos at home up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' size with a maximum print color resolution of 4800 x 1200 dpi2 and the heralded fine ink cartridges . have all sorts of fun with your images by adding new fun filter effects such as : fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print . print documents and web pages with crisp , clear text and vibrant colors . speaking of web printing , easy-webprint ex lets you easily collect and combine multiple web pages to create and print your own layout.3 you can even turn your hd movie clips into beautiful photos.4 view beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically while enjoying a new way to load your genuine canon ink and paper . plus , have your images automatically corrected courtesy of auto photo fix ii . for the 8th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2011 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers a trademarks of ziff davis , inc. used under license . reprinted with permission . copyright 2011 ziff davis , inc. all rights reserved . compact and stylish photo all-in-one printer with hybrid ink system speed & quality terrific resolution : this level of quality is achieved by 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi2 thanks to canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) with a patented print head firing ink droplets as small as 2pl . this delivers superb quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance ink cartridges : these two genuine canon ink cartridges contain specially formulated inks for great document and photo quality . one is a black cartridge for crisp text and one is a multi-color cartridge for beautiful photos . both are easy to use and replace . print beautiful , borderless photos , fast : print a borderless , 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 44 seconds5 . print documents and web pages , fast : print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 8.4 images per minute ( ipm ) for black and 4.8 images per minute ( ipm ) for color.6 chromalife100 : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon inks and select genuine canon photo papers for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 100 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.7 ease of use full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns hd movie clips captured with your compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful photo prints.4 fun filter effects : have all sorts of fun with your images by adding new effects such as : fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print . fast front : a new , convenient way to load your pixma printer with genuine canon fine ink cartridges and paper so you 're ready to print as fast as ever . easy-webprint ex : easily collect and combine multiple web pages to create and print your own layout.3 auto photo fix ii : this built-in technology automatically categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image and multi-zone exposure correction . so , unexposed areas of the photo will be optimized , area by area and faces that are backlit and under-exposed will automatically be brightened with correct color cast to help ensure more accurate skin tones for gorgeous images . auto document fix : auto document fix delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . so , your document text can be darkened with pronounced edges for clear , sharp text that 's easy to read , and pictures will maintain color tone and contrast . connectivity hi-speed usb : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . additional features & benefits
canon pixma mg3120 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one ( 5289b019 ) . compact and stylish wireless photo all-in-one printer.power supply ac 100 to 240 v , 50 60 hz.1-year limited warranty . the pixma mg3120 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one delivers fantastic quality , versatility , and ease of use . built-in wi-fi1 technology allows you to easily print and scan wirelessly virtually anywhere around your house . print gorgeous , borderless2 photos at home up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' size with a maximum print color resolution of 4800 x 1200 dpi3 and the heralded fine ink cartridges . print documents and web pages with crisp , clear text and vibrant colors while built-in auto duplex printing allows you to automatically print on both sides of the paper and can help reduce paper usage and cost by up to 50 % . speaking of web printing , easy-webprint ex lets you easily collect and combine multiple web pages to create and print your own layout.4 you can even turn your hd movie clips into beautiful photos.5 view beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . plus , you can print and scan jpeg and pdf files wirelessly from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , and android devices6 while enjoying a new way to load your genuine canon ink and paper . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . * *a trademark of ziff davis , inc. used under license . reprinted with permission . copyright . 2012 ziff davis , inc. all rights reserved . compact and stylish wireless1 photo all-in-one printer speed & quality terrific resolution : this level of quality is achieved by 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi3 thanks to canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) with a patented print head firing ink droplets as small as 2pl . this delivers superb quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance ink cartridges : these two genuine canon ink cartridges contain specially formulated inks for great document and photo quality . one is a black cartridge for crisp text and one is a multi-color cartridge for beautiful photos . both are easy to use and replace . print beautiful , borderless photos , fast : print a borderless , 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 44 seconds7 . print documents and web pages , fast : print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 8.8 images per minute ( ipm ) for black and 5.0 images per minute ( ipm ) for color.8 chromalife100 : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon inks and select genuine canon photo papers for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 100 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.9 ease of use full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns hd movie clips captured with your compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful photo prints.5 fun filter effects : have all sorts of fun with your images by adding new effects such as : fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this saves you time , helps the environment and can cut your paper usage by up to 50 % . fast front : a new , convenient way to load your pixma printer with genuine canon fine ink cartridges and paper so you 're ready to print as fast as ever . easy-webprint ex : easily collect and combine multiple web pages to create and print your own layout.4 auto document fix : auto document fix delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . so , your document text can be darkened with pronounced edges for clear , sharp text that 's easy to read , and pictures will maintain color tone and contrast . connectivity built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly1 from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house . mobile printing : take full advantage of canon 's wi-fi connectivity to unlock , print and share your stored images right on the spot . print your photos wirelessly from compatible iphone , ipod touch and android devices.6 additional features & benefits
brother ql-700 high-speed , professional label printer . brother ql-700 label printer : create cost-effective paper labels for packages , envelopes , file folders , discs , banners , postage and more . ultra-fast , high-quality printing at up to 93 labels per minute* . auto cutter gives a clean and accurate finished edge and allows for printing 1 or multiple labels at a time , eliminating wasted label sheets . the plug & label feature provides easy set up** . no software installation required for printing most types of labels . for advanced applications , such as bar code labels use the included p-touch editor software . print from ms word excel outlook . wide variety of convenient , drop-in labeling supplies available . needs no ink or toner . create cost-effective paper labels for packages , envelopes , file folders , discs , banners , postage3 , and more with the ql-700 . offering ultra-fast , high-quality printing at up to 93 labels per minute1 , the ql-700 features an auto cutter , giving a clean and accurate finished edge and allowing for printing one or multiple labels at a time , eliminating wasted label sheets . the  plug & label  feature supports quick label printing of most basic labels , with no software installation required2 . for advanced applications , such as bar code labels , use the included p-touch editor software . print from microsoft word excel outlook , and select from a wide variety of convenient , drop-in labeling supplies available . the ql-700 needs no ink or toner . * tape widths are approximate . quickly tackle labeling tasks in a busy office with this professional , high-speed label printer . the ql-700 supports ultra-fast print speeds up to 93 labels per minute1 to help save time on big projects . whether you print one label or multiple labels at a time , the convenient , automatic cutter speeds your job along . save trips to the post office to buy stamps . print stamps using pbsmartpostage  the first cloud-based postage service3 . with no software to download and no monthly fee , the service is available when you need it  24 hours a day  whether you are at home or in the office . print cost-effective , pre-sized paper labels for common office uses such as file folders , envelopes , dvds - even packages . versatile so you can also print on continuous paper and tape rolls for banners and signs up to three feet long . the built-in auto cutter lets you create almost any label size you need  and ensures a clean and finished edge every time . need a great label fast ? use the label collection download feature to import and print pre-designed labels using p-touch editor . print labels for files , office signs , shipping applications , recycling programs , retail environments  even create festive labels for gift tags . switch label types in seconds ! brother label printers use a direct thermal printing mechanism with easy drop-in tape rolls - so there is no ribbon , ink or toner to replace . the machine automatically recognizes the roll size and adjusts the label template accordingly . 1. based on using standard address labels , text only , at 300 x 300 dpi.2 . windows only.3 . enrollment in the pbsmartpostage service , internet connection , usb connection , and postage label roll required . pbsmartpostage service compatible with windows only.4 . requires connection to a wireless network . for more details regarding the brother iprint & label app visit www.brother-usa.com
workez professional ergonomic aluminum laptop cooling stand . adjustable height angle notebook computer riser lap desk for bed couch affordable folding . workez professional is a compact multi-functional laptop desk ... an incredible stand that holds laptops , tablets , monitors & books in a more comfortable position just about anywhere . from sitting to standing , professional raises screens to eye-level , gets your computer off your lap and keeps it cool -- - 3-section articulating legs accordion up and down holding devices in the most comfortable position -- - push-button joints rotate the panel for optimal viewing pleasure -- - the perfect laptop cooling stand , lap desk , and a simple laptop standing desk -- - all in a slim , compact package uses : ( 1 ) lap desk : compute more comfortably when laying in bed or lounging on the couch . raise laptops off your lap , keep them cool , and tilt screens to reduce glare . ( 2 ) adjustable laptop riser : the perfect way to improve your posture ! comfortably elevate screens to eye-level , tilt screens to reduce glare , cool laptops and free-up space and organize your desk . ( 3 ) laptop standing desk : a simple , affordable way to stand up and work on any desk . elevate screens up to 18  , tilt the panel , and quickly collapse the stand when you  re finished . ( 4 ) reading stand : an amazing adjustable height and angle ergonomic reading stand  raise books to eye-level , tilt the page , free up desk space . the perfect textbook holder for students ! ( 5 ) computer monitor riser : raise monitors to eye-level with this adjustable-height stand . specs : ( 1 ) outside dimensions : 19x11x2 in ( 2 ) panel size : 16x11in ( 3 ) width between legs : 18.3 in ( 4 ) height range : adjustable from 2-18 in ( 5 ) panel rotation : 360-degrees , locks every 15-degrees ( 6 ) product weight : 3.3 lbs ( 7 ) material : aluminum ( 8 ) color : silver
cucina kitchen black chalkboard . our cucina kitchen chalkboard will make a charming and functional accent for any italian or tuscan theme kitchen . cucina , translates to kitchen in italian . this chalkboard measures 14 in wide and approximately 24 inches in length . there is a chalk tray at the bottom of the blackboard . we use a high quality chalkboard surface so this can be used for years . we include a piece of chalk to get you started . made in the usa
dual screen desk mount & computer monitor stand with two adjustable arm - for flat panel screens , lcd , led , and tv - with swivel and tilt - for up to 27 inch screens . `` does your monitor and lcd screen take up too much space ? we found an efficient way to conveniently install your screens and create more space for your home , office , and workstation . the halter dual screen desk mount & computer monitor stand with two adjustable arm allows you to raise your monitors to provide the most optimal viewing angle . its ergonomic design allows users to set up their monitors and screens at a position that helps reduce neck , shoulder and eye strain . did you know that this multifunctional desk mount is crafted with excellent functionality and design ? it 's equipped with adjustable joints and articulating arms that allows you to swivel , tilt and lift your display . constructed with a universal vesa plate size of 75x75mm and 100x100mm making it a great fit for most monitors in the market . for a fast and easy installation , this desk mount comes with the durable c-clamp base that lets you mount the desk mount at the back of your desk . featuring , a fully integrated cable management system this innovative design keeps all your electrical cables and cord organized with the built-in wire clips . get yourself the space-saving and high-grade , halter vm-d29 dual screen desk & mount computer monitor stand with two adjustable arm and take pleasure in working with comfort and style. ``
lexmark # 200c m y return program ink cartridge combo pack ( 14l0268 ) . lexmark ( # 200c m y ) office edge pro 4000 4000c 5500 5500t return program ink cartridge combo pack ( includes 1 each of oem # 14l0086 14l0087 14l0088 ) ( 3 x 500 yield ) .
lexmark officeedge pro4000 . the pro4000 includes the features you need and a 50 % lower printing cost on laser-quality documents . ideal for multi-user workgroups ; provides the flexibility of networking via ethernet or wireless-n. make a lasting impression on customers and do more in-house printing with smear-resistant vizix pro inks . quickly scan documents in as fast as 5 seconds per page and print laser-quality jobs at speeds up to 21 ppm black and 14 ppm color on a variety of specialty paper types , including card stock and paper sizes up to 8.5 x 14 inches . simplify everyday tasks with time-saving lexmark 1-touch shortcuts . eliminate unnecessary steps and save time by customizing shortcuts to run commonly performed workflows . the lexmark officeedge pro4000 is an ideal solution for small work groups looking for fast , laser-quality printing and scanning . not only does the pro4000 print up to 21 black-and-white pages a minute , it also operates with virtually no paper jams . it scans pages in as fast as five seconds and also provides high-quality color faxing and copying . the pro4000 features wireless-n and ethernet connectivity as well as time-saving shortcuts to help you boost productivity . ideal for small work groups looking for affordable laser-quality printing and scanning . view larger . color cartridges can be replaced individually , maximizing efficiency and reducing waste.view larger . the pro4000 produces laser-quality documents at a reduced cost -- up to 50-percent less than most laser printers in its class* . an affordable solution for small work groups , it uses high-yield vizix pro ink cartridges , which deliver crisp , clean printouts . vizix pro inks convey vivid detail and resist water and smearing . each cartridge goes a long way , producing as many as 2,500 black-and-white pages or 1,600 color pages** before it needs to be replaced . also , each color cartridge can be replaced individually , reducing waste . the pro4000 operates virtually free of paper jams , delivering 99.9 percent jam-free operation during heavy-duty printing cycles1 . that means you spend your time working , not extricating wasted paper or waiting on a backlog of print jobs . the pro4000 prints laser-quality documents as fast as 21 pages per minute ( ppm ) in black and white and 14 ppm in color2 . featuring a flatbed the size of legal paper , the pro4000 scans one page in as fast as five seconds3 . customizable one-touch shortcuts let you make quick work of commonly performed tasks , eliminating steps and saving time . the 2.4-inch color lcd display makes navigation and troubleshooting easy and intuitive . the pro4000 comes network ready . it gives you the flexibility to print using a wireless-n or ethernet network4 . you can even print remotely using your apple- or android-based mobile device . wireless-n technology offers three times the coverage and faster transfer speeds than traditional wireless technology , while ethernet networking capability allows you to connect multiple users at the same time . the pro4000 measures 11.8 by 19.7 by 16.8 inches ( h x w x d ) and weighs 35.1 pounds . the lexmark officeedge pro4000 printer is backed by a one-year , next-business-day exchange warranty . lexmark officeedge pro4000 printer ; black , cyan , magenta , and yellow ink cartridges ; setup sheet ; safety information sheet ; safety stability sheet ; officeedge series sw and documentation cd ; power cord ; rj-11 phone cable ; and supplies return program sheet .
hp laserjet enterprise 600 m601dn , ( ce990a ) . hp 's business pacesetter tackles high-volume printing with legendary reliability . count on this hp laserjet to help conserve resources , customize printing policies , and improve security .
hp laserjet ent 600 m602n printer . share this printer with workgroups to cut costs and boost productivity . tackle everyday printing needs , influence print habits , and control printer access with customized printing policies and secure pull printing
hp laserjet enterprise 600 printer m602x . share this printer with workgroups to cut costs and boost productivity .
cnm5204b001-5204b001 pg-240xxl extra high-yield chromalife ink . black ink cartridge pg-240xxl pigment ink cartridge genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed , manufactured and packaged in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . canon has improved the 'fine cartridge ' , or integrated print head designed by utilizing fine ( full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ) technology , for higher print quality . dye-color ink of latest fine cartridge has wider color reproduction with richer colors than the previous generation fine cartridge , especially in red area , i.e . around yellow , red and magenta , to deliver more brilliant output not only on photo paper but also on plain paper . creative park premium is a premium content service available exclusively to owners of select canon pixma printers only when all of the software and the colors of genuine canon inks are installed . the users can download various contents including photographs , paintings or illustrations from universally celebrated artists and print them from their pixma at a high quality with genuine canon ink . not only printing as a picture as it is , but users can also enjoy creating beautiful your own calendars , greeting cards and more .
canon pg-240xl black ink cartridge , compatible to mg3620 , mg3520 , mg4220 , mg3220 and mg2220 . high-yield ink cartridge is designed for use with canon mg2120 , mg2220 , mg3120 , mg3220 , mg3222 , mg3520 , mg4120 , mg4220 , mx372 , mx392 , mg432 , mg439 , mg452 , mg512 and mg522 . pg240-xl pigment ink cartridge genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed , manufactured and packaged in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . canon has improved the 'fine cartridge ' , or integrated print head designed by utilizing fine ( full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ) technology , for higher print quality . dye-color ink of latest fine cartridge has wider color reproduction with richer colors than the previous generation fine cartridge , especially in red area , i.e . around yellow , red and magenta , to deliver more brilliant output not only on photo paper but also on plain paper . creative park premium is a premium content service available exclusively to owners of select canon pixma printers only when all of the software and the colors of genuine canon inks are installed . the users can download various contents including photographs , paintings or illustrations from universally celebrated artists and print them from their pixma at a high quality with genuine canon ink . not only printing as a picture as it is , but users can also enjoy creating beautiful your own calendars , greeting cards and more .
generic 4pk lexmark 100 # 108xl non-oem printer ink cartridge for s305 s405 s505 . generic 4pk lexmark 100 # 108xl non-oem printer ink cartridge for s305 s405 s505
x-50 voip small business system ( 7 ) phone system bundle . blue network 's x-50 was honored with the ces 2011 innovations award ! designed and engineered with the latest voip technology , the x-50 small business telephone system delivers a new powerful level of communications sophistication and efficiency normally only found in large communications systems . by utilizing the latest breakthroughs in voip design , the x-50 provides exceptional value to your small business at an industry leading low cost . the x-50 offers an abundance of features including simultaneously ringing your office phone & cell phone , automated receptionist answers & processes up to 4 calls simultaneously , complete voice mail system with 32 hours of message storage , one touch recording of `` live conversations '' , caller id call waiting , voicemail e-mail notification , an optional modular 24-button console for every phone , & wi-fi protected setup . integrated gateway wireless router plus firewall are all built in for a complete office in a box . and , the best part , you can easily install this system yourself ! no need to pay traditional installation and programming charges that can quickly double or triple you or total cost for a phone system .
canon color imageclass lbp7660cdn laser printer . high-speed desktop color laser printer
canon pg-240 black ink cartridge , compatible to mg3620 , mg3520 , mg4220 , mg3220 and mg2220 . exceptional quality , remarkable duraility pg-240 pigment cartridge genuine canon quality genuine canon inks and ink cartridges are designed , developed , manufactured and packaged in japan . in other words , the entire process is centrally controlled and it makes the quality control simple and well-organized ; and helps to maintain the quality of all genuine canon inks at a high level . all genuine canon ink cartridges are designed for your easy printing of your beautiful prints . canon has improved the 'fine cartridge ' , or integrated print head designed by utilizing fine ( full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ) technology , for higher print quality . dye-color ink of latest fine cartridge has wider color reproduction with richer colors than the previous generation fine cartridge , especially in red area , i.e . around yellow , red and magenta , to deliver more brilliant output not only on photo paper but also on plain paper . creative park premium is a premium content service available exclusively to owners of select canon pixma printers only when all of the software and the colors of genuine canon inks are installed . the users can download various contents including photographs , paintings or illustrations from universally celebrated artists and print them from their pixma at a high quality with genuine canon ink . not only printing as a picture as it is , but users can also enjoy creating beautiful your own calendars , greeting cards and more .
lathem fr650 face recognition time clock system ( fr650-kit ) . the lathem fr650 face recognition time clock system completely eliminates buddy punching that leads to higher labor costs . employees simply look into the time clock display and within seconds they are identified and clocked in or clocked out . the fr650 's dual camera system performs a 3-d analysis of the 60 facial points that are unique to each employee . these groups of facial points are recorded and stored as data algorithms in the time clock . as a result , employee 's images are collected only as digitally encoded information , so they can not be reproduced as a photographic image . the fr650 uses a standard ethernet port to connect to your existing network . when connected to an ethernet network , the payclock v6 software can automatically poll the fr650 and seamlessly transfer employee punch data . if you do n't have an ethernet network , you can set up the fr650 as stand alone unit to upload employee info or download punch data using just a standard usb flash drive . the fr650-kit includes payclock v6 time and attendance desktop software for up to 50 employees . upgrades are available for 100 employees and 150 employees . payclock v6 desktop software allows you to perform basic time and attendance functions , and is limited to your local network . for more powerful features , flexibility and ease of maintenance you can choose to subscribe to payclock online web-based time and attendance software . software requires processor : 1 ghz or higher ( pentium or better recommended ) , operating system : microsoft windows 32-bit or 64-bit , windows 7 , xp - sp2 or late or vista , 1 gb of ram or higher , cd-rom drive , internet : 56 kbps ( broadband recommended for online features services ) , network interface : network adaptor configured for tcp ip connected to a switch on lan network . since 1919 , lathem time clocks have set the standard for quality , durability and accuracy .
epson readyprint t20 direct thermal printer - monochrome - desktop - receipt print ( c31cb10021 ) . epson readyprint t20 direct thermal printer - monochrome - desktop - receipt print ( c31cb10021 )
uniden d1685-2t dect_6.0 2-handset landline telephone . the uniden d1685 series phone with digital answering system and livetalk speakerphone provides you with digital dect 6.0 for superior clarity , security , and range so you can hear and understand the person talking to you from the other line . the eco mode saves your battery to give you longer battery life . the phonebook holds up to 100 names numbers while the caller id holds up to 50 names numbers . there is a mute and hold button on all handsets and even a handset speakerphone . you can use the silent mode to silence all system ringers at the simple touch of a button . this phone also comes with a digital answering system and has a message waiting indicator light on the handset so you can retrieve messages right from your handset . you can use the intercom and transfer calls between handsets and the base and it 's even compatible with the uniden drx100 range extender . this phone is trilingual with the display and voice prompts in english , spanish , and french . uniden d1685 series phone with digital answering system and livetalk speakerphone the uniden d1685 series cordless phone with digital answering system and livetalk speakerphone provides you with digital dect 6.0 for superior clarity , security , and range so you can hear and understand the person talking to you from the other line at a reasonable distance from the base phone base . the eco-mode automatically manages power consumption and gives you longer battery life . you wo n't have to worry about recharging your phone after every long conversation you have . the silent mode turns off all system ringers at the simple touch of a button to ensure quiet time when you desire it . it has a digital answering system and you can see that you have a message by looking at the message waiting indicator light on the handsets so you do n't have to use the base to retrieve your messages . the phone also has an intercom and lets you transfer calls between handsets and base . if you are in one room and the phone call is for a person in the other room , just simply transfer the call to the handset in that room . the handset and base both have a speakerphone with the livetalk speakerphone included on the base . the phone is expandable up to 12 headsets using only one phone jack and it gives you the ability to store 100 names and numbers in the phonebook and up to 50 names and numbers on the caller id . the phone is even trilingual with the display , owner 's manuals , and voice prompts in three different languages : english , spanish , and french . it is also compatible with the uniden drx100 range extender , which is sold separately .
sharp ho el2135bk professional desktop calculator . the sharp desktop calculator is ideal for heavy-duty applications and features a very large 12-digit angled display . it has a twin power source with both battery and solar and a wide keyboard with raised keys and increased pressure sensitivity . other features include 1 memory ( 4 buttons ) , total sum of memory ( gt-function ) , decimal ( f-3-2-0 , a ) , lap ( from 5 4 ) and function mu ( mark-up button ) .
kuper t-360 bill cash counter machine , modern ergonomic design , add function allows adding the sum of consecutive stacks of bills without reseting the count . kuper t-360 bill cash counter machine , modern ergonomic design , add function allows adding the sum of consecutive stacks of bills without reseting the count kuper t-360 bill counter is an inexpensive yet reliable solution for people who need to count their cash fast without counterfeit detection . this cash counter is one of the best performing low priced machines in its class .
15 pack with chip non-oem ink for pgi-225 cli-226 pixma ip4820 ip4920 mg5120 mg5220 mg5320 mg6120 mg6220 mg8120 mg8220 mx882 . 15 pack with chip non-oem ink for pgi-225 cli-226 pixma ip4820 ip4920 mg5120 mg5220 mg5320 mg6120 mg6220 mg8120 mg8220 mx882
fellowes professional series depth adjustable dual monitor arm ( 8041701 ) . the fellowes professional series depth adjustable dual monitor arm features two monitor arms that adjust easily in every way for optimum viewing control . easy to mount -- clamp attaches to desktops 1 '' -3 '' thick or through grommet hole . elevates lcd monitors from 3-1 2 '' to 16-1 2 '' above the desk with a reach of 2-1 2 '' -27 '' . tilts up or down + - 37 degrees and freely swings left or right ( 360 degree rotation capability ) . each arm holds an lcd monitor up to 24 lbs . meets vesa mounting standards .
vtech cs6429-5 5-handset answering system with caller id . five handset cordless answering system with caller idinterference free interference free for crystal clear conversationswont interfere with wireless networks and other electronic devices . digital answering system with 14 minutes of recording time , the digital answering system answers the call when you cant . no tapes or moving parts . handset speakerphone with the touch of a button , the handset speakerphone makes hands-free conversations easy . five handset cordless answering system with caller id
bundle of 2 grandstream gxp1405 small-medium business hd ip phone ( poe ) . gxp1400 1405 is a next generation small-to-medium business ip phone that features 2 lines with 2 sip account , a 128x40 graphical lcd , 3 xml programmable context-sensitive soft keys , dual network ports with integrated poe ( gxp1405 only ) , and 3-way conference . the gxp1400 1405 delivers superior hd audio quality , rich and leading edge telephony features , personalized information and customizable application service , automated provisioning for easy deployment , advanced security protection for privacy , and broad interoperability with most 3rd party sip devices and leading sip ngn ims platforms . it is a perfect choice for small-to-medium businesses looking for a high quality , feature rich ip phone with affordable cost .
75-sheet envelope feeder for laserjet ent 600 m601 m602 m603 ( open box ) . print directly on various sizes of envelopes . produces professional-looking results without labels . simplifies business mailings and saves time . accessory type : envelope feeder depth : 9 4 10quot ; height : 4 1 10quot ; .
silhouette cameo material cutting printer - ideal for scrapbooking , vinyl , stencils , and more . silhouette cameo-vinyl-kit cameo cutting machine with transfer tape & vinyl roll
10 ( 2 each ) pack non-oem ink for pgi-225 cli-226 pixma ip4820 ip4920 mg5120 mg5220 . compatible with : ip4820 ip4920 mg5120 mg5220 mg5320 mg6120 mg6220 mg8120 mg8220 mx882 printer
brother printer hl3045cn color printer . the hl-3045cn is a digital color printer that is ideal for home offices or small offices . it produces brilliant , high-quality output at a fast print speed of up to 19ppm in color or black . this compact printer offers versatile paper handling with a 250-sheet capacity paper tray for letter or legal and a single-sheet manual feed slot for envelopes or thicker media . it has a built-in ethernet network interface for sharing with others on your network and also a top-loading design to easily replace and install toner cartridges .
honey-can-do crt-01512 5-drawer hanging file cart . honey-can-do crt-01512 hanging file cart , 28.74h x10.04w . perforated metal base supports heavy files . hanging folders not included . mobile filing cart with five pull-out drawers . smooth rolling casters , easily move cart where needed . five pull-out drawers , conveniently store paper and supplies .
ricoh aficio sp c242sf laser printer . shipping height : 22.0 shipping width : 23.0 master pack qty : 1 general information manufacturer : ricoh company , ltd manufacturer part number : 406878 brand name : ricoh product line : aficio product model : sp c242sf product name : aficio sp c242sf multifunction printer marketing information : in today 's fast-paced office environments , success hinges on doing more with less . the new ricoh aficio sp c242sf desktop color laser mfp offers impressive copy print scan fax performance in a small footprint with a price point to match . meet everyday work flow demands with a host of productivity enhancing features and produce documents in vibrant color for lasting impact . designed with user-friendly controls to simplify administrative tasks in any environment , this multifunction system offers all-in-one performance to complete more jobs in less time . whether the sp c242sf is used as a stand-alone , primary mfp or as an integrated component in a ricoh managed document services ( mds ) strategy , you'l l realize the true value of versatility and convenience . product type : laser multifunction printer technical information multifunction devices : copier multifunction devices : fax multifunction devices : printer multifunction devices : scanner recommended use : plain paper print print color : color maximum mono print speed ( ppm ) : 21 maximum color print speed ( ppm ) : 21 maximum print resolution : 2400 x 600 dpi duplex printing : automatic processor & chipset processor speed : 400 mhz memory standard memory : 256 mb interfaces ports pictbridge : yes usb : yes network & communication ethernet : yes ethernet technology : fast ethernet scanner scanner type : flatbed image sensor : ccd scan color : color optical resolution : 1200 dpi interpolated resolution : 19200 x 19200 dpi copier copier type : flatbed copy color : color maximum copy resolution : 600 x 600 dpi maximum mono copy speed ( cpm ) : 20 maximum color copy speed ( cpm ) : 10 number o
hammond & stephens six subject duplicate sheet 40 week plan book - 9 1 4 x 12 1 4 inches . duplicate sheet six subject lesson plan book for 40 weeks . each semester section is tabbed for easy location . pages for substitute teacher instructions , school calendar , teacher 's notes , semester outlines , plus seating charts . wire-o-bound . duplicate sheets provide necessary information for supervisor or substitute teacher . duplicate book includes one sheet of carbon . sold as a single unit . ideal for classroom teachers . category : school supplies office books record books - planners . great for organization or quick note taking . short name : book.lesson pln.6sub.-p.9 1 4x12 1 4 ... 2pt.0457-6-p plan book - lesson .
iris portable file box with organizer lid , 11-1 2 x 13-1 3 x 10 in , black blue , each .
generic 1 pack compatible tn450 tn 450 tn-450 tn 420 tn420 tn-420 black toner cartridge for brother hl-2280dw hl-2270dw hl-2240 mfc-7240 mfc-7860dw mfc-7460dn dcp-7065dn hl-2240d printer .
polycom soundstation duo . - polycom soundstation duo dual mode analog and ip conference phone- support for both analog and ip telephony platforms- interoperable with leading sip-based pbx and softswitch platforms- 24x7 reliability with automatic failover from i
tangible values 1099 misc laser forms ( 4-part ) kit with env for 25 vendors + 3 form 1096  s ( 2018 ) . are you ready to file your tax forms ? here is everything you need to print , mail and file for 25 individuals suppliers for 2018. it includes envelopes and a bonus of ( 3 ) 1096 summary forms . federally approved and compliant . by the premier tax forms provider , tangible values . the 1099 misc kit is the most commonly used format for reporting payments to contractors and other non-employee compensation like rents and royalties . these irs approved forms are the best quality available and are printed on quality 20 # bond paper . the strict layout specification means these forms work perfectly with quickbooks software , laser and inkjet printers . there are two forms per sheet of paper per irs requirements . the 2018 kit includes ; federal copy a ( red , scannable ink ) , copy b ( recipient ) , ( 2 ) copy c ( payer file ) copy 1 ( payer state ) forms . also included are self-sealing envelopes and a bonus of three ( 3 ) 1096 summary forms . with this 1099 misc 2018 kit , you can be sure youll be in compliance with government , 4-part state and irs filing requirements . avoid any potential non-filing penalties and order your 1099 misc form 2018 package today !
universal dry erase marker board , melamine , 60 x 36 , silver aluminum frame . board has sturdy construction and is built to last . can be horizontally or vertically mounted . includes attachable marker tray and all mounting hardware board width : 60quot ; board height : 36quot ; .
spendvelope envelope budget system  rainbow colored  12 pack . the envelope budget system is a cash-based method you can use to control spending . each of your expense categories will have an envelope filled with a designated amount of cash . as needs arise you will spend cash from the appropriate envelope . when an envelope is empty , you stop spending . simple ! smart !
monarch 925048 sg tag attacher gun , 2-inch tagger tail fasteners , smoke . tag in comfort with the only attacher featuring a soft , non-slip cushion comfort grip molded right into the handle and trigger . special design provides a firmer grip thats soft to the touch . supports up to 100 2 '' tagger tail fasteners at a time to help improve productivity . one-squeeze , tangle-free tagging . works with all types of fabrics .
sharp xea507 bar code scanning and dual receipt cash register . the sharp xe-a507 offers a professional class 8-line lcd operator screen for easy everyday viewing and improved programming functionality . backup register , download daily reports or add logos to your receipts using a pc and the built-in sd card slot ( sd cards optional , 4gb-32 gb ) . key features : 7000 price look-ups , 99 departments , programmable tax function and a separate receipt & journal thermal printer . bar code scanner and locking cash coin drawer are included . backup battery , secures data in memory . manufacturer 's 90-day labor , 1-year parts warranty . uses 2-14 '' thermal paper ( sold separately ) . cash drawer has 6 coin compartments and 5 bill compartments . in order to help with initial configuration and long turn assistance to our retail customers , sharp provides web-based support tools via dedicated website ( www.sharp-register.com ) that offers instructional videos , faqs , and manuals so users can get support 24 7. additionally , all sharp cash registers come with one year of access to a toll-free technical support hotline to assist with setup and operation . sharp electronics sharp strives to help you create a balance between work and personal time with products that enhance life at work , at home , and everywhere in between . sharp is dedicated to improving lives through the use of advanced technology and a commitment to innovation , quality , value and design . the xe-a507 cash register was designed for a growing business that requires advanced features such as bar code scanning and dual receipt printers . this cash management system features a redesigned menu system for quick setup and easy clerk entry utilizing a  best in class  eight-line operator display . embedded with a sales reporting system compatible with quickbooks pro , two displays , pc-link software for programming backup cloning , 7000 price look-ups ( plus ) and an extra-large cash drawer the xe-a507 is ready for the expanding needs of a growing small business . scanner included - for fast and accurate checkout . dual roll register tape - print individual copy for a customer and one for operator records . 99 pre-programmed departments - easily separate product types . 7000 price look-ups - for quick & accurate entry . directly hardwire credit card terminal - register automatically transfers transaction amount to credit terminal and opens drawer with card approval ( terminal not included ) . 5-line operator and single-line customer display - allows the operator and customer easy viewing . thermal printing - for fast print speed and quiet operation . pc link software ( via sd card ) - for easy programming . sd card slot - for easy data backup transfer cloning . quickbooks pro - link to the famous accounting software to integrate transactions ( versions 2010-2013 supported ) . xe-a107 xe-a207 xe-a407 xe-a507
royal sovereign high speed bill counter with rear dollar bill loader ( rbc-650pro ) . the rbc-650pro high speed money counting machine counts 1000 bills per minute while the high capacity rear dollar bill load hopper holds up to 200 bills at a time . additional convenient features include automatic self diagnostics startup test , auto start stop , and retractable handle for easy carrying . add mode allows the user for counting up to 999 dollar bills . batch mode allows the user to group cash counting by any predetermined quantity . best for use with us dollar bills or compatible currency . count your money with royal sovereign . since 1986 , royal sovereign has been a global leader in money management equipment including , bill counters , counterfeit detectors , our patented coin sorters and cash accessories
brother mfc-9125cn digital color all-in-one with fax and networking . the mfc-9125cn is a compact digital color all-in-one for home offices or small offices . it offers fast , high-quality printing and copying in color and black at up to 19ppm , color scanning and faxing . this compact all-in-one offers versatile paper handling with a 250-sheet capacity paper tray for letter or legal and a single-sheet manual feed slot for envelopes or thicker media . it has a built-in ethernet network interface for sharing with others on your network and a 35-page auto document feeder for multi-page copying , scanning and faxing . also , its top-loading design makes it easy to replace and install toner cartridges .
brother mfc9325cw wireless color printer with scanner , copier & fax . the mfc-9325cw is a compact digital color all-in-one for home offices or small offices . it offers fast , high-quality printing and copying in color and black at up to 19ppm , color scanning and faxing . this compact all-in-one features a wireless network interface and a usb direct interface to print from or scan to your usb flash memory drive . it offers versatile paper handling with a 250-sheet capacity paper tray for letter or legal and a single-sheet manual feed slot for envelopes or thicker media . also , it has a 35-page auto document feeder and a top-loading design to easily replace or install toner cartridges .
anti-uv sublimation 100ml ink for epson c68 , c88 , c88+ , cx3800 , cx3810 , cx4200 , cx4800 , cx5800f , cx7800 ( pack of 4 ) . 4x100ml pigment sublimation ink
sharpie stainless steel grip pen , fine point ( 0.8mm ) , black , 1 count . get a grip on sharpie pen style and performance . the performance of a sharpie permanent marker meets pen-like precision : that 's the signature of the one-and-only sharpie pen . this fine-point pen features a stainless steel barrel with a soft grip for sleek style , dreamlike detail , ridiculous control , and crazy comfort . inspiring action with your writing and art , sharpie pens feature quick-drying , fade-resistant ink that wo n't bleed through paper . the result is an incredible writing instrument that all other pens try to copy , but zero can touch .
computer checks - 300 printed computer laser checks - business standard checks - compatible for quickbooks . one check and two vouchers for quicken ( ) , quickbooks ( ) and other software . customize checks with your company & bank informaton . comes in a wide variety of colors & designs . company logo printed free ! checks are check 21 compatible . order today and save 70 % !
c-line top loading heavyweight poly no-hole sheet protectors , 8.5 x 11 inches , 25 per box ( 62907 ) . c-line clear heavyweight polypropylene no-hole sheet protectors offer the extra document storage durability of traditional heavyweight sheet protectors , but without the three-hole punched binding strip . use by themselves to post signs or protect frequently-used materials , or to subdivide files and folders . acid-free , archival quality polypropylene means no photocopy transfer . these clear finish sheet protectors fit 11 x 8-1 2-inch documents .
best print 200 half sheet - best print shipping labels - 5-1 2 '' x 8-1 2 '' . internet shipping labels for laser inkjet printers . ebay , paypal , usps click-n-ship , ups ( same size as avery 5126 ) 5-1 2 '' x 8-1 2 '' - rectangle - white - permanent-adhesive 100 sheets - 2 labels per sheet - 200 total labels labels are bright white for professional results . these labels work well with usps , click-n-ship , pitney bowes shipstreamtm manager deluxe , ebay and paypal and other popular shipping software . we guarantee our labels to be of the highest quality and offer a 100 % money back guarantee if you should be dissatisfied for any reason whatsoever .
last name self-inking address stamp . last name self-inking address stamp this large last name rectangle stamp design features the top line for a last name with a horizontal line separating it from the address . saves time when addressing letters , invitations or when paying your bills the old fashioned way . order your custom return address stamp today !
lorell 18505 2-drawer mobile file cabinet with shelf , 18-inch . 2-drawer multi-functional cabinet has a shelf for quick access and two drawers for storing files and supplies .
kyocera 1102ml2us0 model fs-1135mfp black and white multifunctional printer . kyocera 1102ml2us0 model fs-1135mfp a4 black and white multifunctional printer , fast output speed of 37 pages per minute , standard duplex and 300 sheet paper capacity , resolution 1200 x 1200 dpi
polaroid zink media 3 x 4 inch photo paper for polaroid z340 camera and polaroid gl10 printer - pack of 100 . the polaroid m340 3 '' x 4 '' inkless paper is compatible with the polaroid gl10 printer , and the upcoming polaroid z340 instant camera . costs per print are a lot cheaper than the traditional digital prints .
pilot fountain pen with ergo grip , extra fine nib , black body ( pfp50rbef ) . pilot fount pen with ergo grip , extra fine nib , black body
palomino blackwing pencils - 12 count .
universal 43033 dry erase easel board , easel height : 42 '' to 67 '' , board : 29 '' x 41 '' , white silver . sturdy easel features an easy-to-clean dry-erase board with a useful no-pinch pad retainer , making it ideal for writing and presenting . overall height is adjustable , allowing you to use it as a tabletop or floor stand . appealing frame fits into any environment . four-leg design ensures stability .
franklin electronics bes-2170 franklin speaking spanish-english dictionary with mw advance learner 's dictionary . this powerful reference tool is packed with features that english and spanish language learner 's need most . designed to enhance grammar and speech skills featuring merriam-webster 's advanced learner 's english dictionary , merriam-webster 's spanish-english english-spanish dictionary . other features include more than 5 million spanish-english translations , speaks words and 4,800 phrases , franklin 's thesaurus , 4 grammar guides , verb conjugation , 4,000 examples that display typical usage given words in context , builds language skills using toefl word list and sat spanish subject test word list , provides interactive quizzes , crossword solver and confusable and my vocabulary for personalized word lists . the bes-2170 also offers phonetic spell correction to automatically fix misspelled entries . contains calculator , currency metric converter , databank , local world clock , zoom feature for 3 adjustable font sizes , backlight and adjustable volume control .
6 syringes with long needles for refilling with refillable cartridges and continuous ink supply system ciss . 6 syringes with long needles for refilling with refillable ink cartridges or continuous ink supply system
natura-bam tm multi-functional laptop and reading bamboo stand with internal cooling fan lap desk breakfast bamboo bed tray ( mpsuobamlptp1fn ) . relax in bed , on the sofa or on the floor with this convenient laptop desk ! are you someone who likes to read hardback books in bed ? work on your laptop or write ? if you find it inconvenient to hold heavy books in bed , finagle your laptop into a comfortable position , or are tired of resting a writing tablet on raised knees bed desk might be just what you need . this multi-use bed desk is made of 100 % bamboo & is environmental friendly . this over other laptop desks is that it comes with a usb cooling fan installed in it . it is easily stored and no assemble is required . this bed desk would work well for desk work , laptop computing , writing and reading .
parker ball point pen refills , medium point , blue ink , 6 pack ( 3032631 ) . engineered to rotate a quarter turn each time it 's used , this cartridge offers ballpoint durability .
premium connection 290-shred premium paper shredder . prevent identity fraud with the premium paper shredder . the shredder features a hand crank that works when you need it . manufacturer : premium . retail packaged : color gift box . materials : plastic . dimensions : 8.5 inches w x 7 inches h x 4.5 inches d. how packaged : 1 shredder per box shred sheet capacity
premium compatible toner cartridge black for znb-d1043-uw .
lorell llr45651 mobile file cart . wire file cart offers one tier of mobile filing and a storage shelf to organize projects anywhere in your office . letter-size folders can be placed in two rows for front-to-back filing or one lengthwise row on the file frame . the bottom shelf can be used for storage or transporting essential project supplies . file frame accommodates both letter-size and legal-size hanging file folders . wire cart is made of sturdy steel construction with a scratch-resistant , powder-coat finish . two of the four swivel casters lock so you can secure the cart by your desk or file cabinet with no concern of it rolling away .
taotronics bluetooth wireless barcode scanner- sliver color optional , long-rangeoptional , long-range . scanner
taotronics usb barcode scanner , handheld wired bar code 1d laser scanner with adjustable stand , extremely fast and precise scan support windows mac ios android system for warehouse inventory managemen . adesso taotronics usb barcode scanner wired handheld laser bar code scanner automatic sensing and scan black .
hp officejet pro 8100 wireless photo printer with mobile printing ( cm752a ) . get professional color for up to 50 % lower cost per page than lasers : print professional color for up to 50 % lower cost per page than lasers , and get a better value for frequent printing . print documents that resist fading , water and highlighter-pen smearing , using hp officejet inks . get iso print speeds up to 20 ppm black and 16 ppm color , using affordable , individual inks . mobile printing and network connectivity made easy : hp eprintnow you can print from virtually anywhere . connect to your network wirelessly or with built-in ethernet , or directly to your pc with hi-speed usb . easily print from a smartphone with hp mobile print applications . hp eprint-enabled printersnow with airprint . trusted productivity , dependable performance : increase your productivity with automatic two-sided printing . simplify printing tasks with an easy-to-use control panel and graphic display . create borderless , double-sided flyers and brochures , plus print impressive business photos . superior energy and resource savings : use up to 50 % less energy than lasers with this energy star qualified printer . consume up to 50 % less paper while printing , using automatic two-sided printing . use up to 70 % less packaging and supplies by weight compared with lasers , plus easily recycle cartridges .
hp 932 black original ink cartridge ( cn057an ) for hp officejet 6100 6600 6700 7110 7510 7610 7612 . hp 932 black original ink cartridge ( cn057an ) . hp 932 ink cartridges work with : hp officejet 6100 , 6600 , 6700 , 7110 , 7510 , 7610 , 7612. hp 932 ink cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 400 pages . up to 2x more prints with original hp ink vs refill cartridges . original hp ink cartridges are specially designed to work with your printer to consistently deliver standout results throughout the life of your cartridge . ensure that your printing is right the first time and every time with hp printer ink : 932 ink . what 's in the box : new original hp 932 ink cartridge ( cn057an ) color : black .
hp officejet 6700 premium e-all-in-one wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . key specs product overview  print professional color documents for a lower cost per page  easily print from your smartphone , tablet or notebook  print wirelessly and stay efficient with a 35-sheet automatic document feeder and two-sided printing this product has print and share with notebooks or pcs on an existing wireless network , using the freedom of built-in wireless connect printing devices to pcs securely with built-in ethernet ports boost office efficiency with an all-in-one that includes fax functionality easily print from your smartphone , tablet , or notebook at home , work or on the go save paper and time using automatic two-sided printing scan and copy multiple pages efficiently with an automatic document feeder access , store and print with the tap of a finger conserve resources with an energy star-qualified printer image gallery included features save on printing costs with individual inksreplace only the cartridge that runs out print borderless photos and documents up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' get useful contentprinted when you want itright from your web-connected hp printer . business tips , news , puzzles , coupons and more are included with your printer . just set your schedule and your prints arrive when you choose ! specifications iso laser comparable : up to 16ppm 250-sheet input tray , 35-sheet automatic document feeder color ( best ) : 200 x 200 dpi ; color ( standard ) : 200 x 100 dpi one-year limited hardware warranty , 24-hour , 7 days a week phone support remember original hp ink compare products iso : up to 16 ppm black , up to 9 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 34 ppm black , up to 31 ppm color iso : up to 20 ppm black , up to 15 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 25 ppm black and color iso : up to 36 ppm black and color maximum print speed : up to 55 ppm black and color iso : up to 36 ppm black and color maximum print speed : up to 55 ppm black and color iso : up to 42 ppm black and color maximum print speed : up to 70 ppm black and color download more info datasheet
fujitsu fi-6130z duplex sheet-fed document scanner . with duplex scanning speeds of up to 80 images per minute in color , grayscale , and black & white , the fi-6130z also delivers uncompromised high-resolution performance of up to 60 images per minute at an astounding 300 dpi resolution for high accuracy ocr and bar code recognition . with duplex scanning speeds of up to 80 images per minute in color , grayscale , and black & white , the fi-6130z also delivers uncompromised high-resolution performance of up to 60 images per minute at an astounding 300 dpi resolution for high accuracy ocr and bar code recognition .
fujitsu fi-6140z document scanner ( pa03630-b005 ) . with duplex scanning speeds of up to 120 images per minute in color , grayscale , and monochrome , the fi-6140z balances high performance with one of the most advanced paper separation technologies in its class . combining reverse roller technology with a host of intelligent features , the fi-6140z delivers exceptional feeding reliability and operating productivity across a wide variety of scanning situations . with duplex scanning speeds of up to 120 images per minute in color , grayscale , and monochrome , the fi-6140z balances high performance with one of the most advanced paper separation technologies in its class .
brother mfc-j435w network-ready wireless color all-in-one printer . this all-in-one printer features wireless networking for a simple setup and a 20-page automatic document feeder for easily faxing , scanning and copying . a 1.9 '' color lcd display provides easy navigation of menus and features . what 's included brother network-ready wireless color all-in-one printer . lc71bk , lc71m , lc71c and lc71y ink cartridges . drivers and software cd-roms . owner 's manual .
imagestore brainydeal sc9 wireless monochrome printer . communication interface optional parallel port or serial port , character can enlarge print , adjust character the line spacing printed , support of different densities bitmap and download of graphics printing , support for raster bitmap print in the driver printing ( mode ) , it implement and call the hard word bank to high-speed printing
neenah exact index , 110 lb , 8.5 x 11 inches , 250 sheets , white , 94 brightness . neenah exact index , 110 lb , 8.5 x 11 inches , 250 sheets , white , 94 brightness
riorand remote control wireless presentation presenter mouse for windows system . laser emissive power below 0.5mw complies with ida standards da103073 system : windows system certificate : fc , ce , rohs power supply : 1 x aaa battery ( not included ) dimension : 106*38*26mm color : black unit net weight : 28 unit packing gross weight : 92 package included : 1 x riorand wireless presenter 1 x usb wireless receiver note : please do not point the laser light to eyes directly or indirectly .
250-sheet 2nd tray for officejet pro 8600 eaio by hp . save time and work more convenientlyprint and copy on plain or specialty papers without swapping papers in the tray . easily load plain paper into your 250-sheet paper tray and letterhead , transparencies or photo paper in your standard paper tray .
board dudes 46 x 36 inches glassx frosted glass dry erase board unframed ( cyk53 ) . add style to your office with the dry erase board that makes a statement . contemporary , ultra-smooth solid glass panel provides an ideal writing surfacewill not stain or ghost . looks new even after years of use . frosted writing area offers easy viewing . works with all dry erase markers . steel bolts hide mounting hardware ( included ) . the board dudes are the ultimate manufacturers of stylish , durable dry erase and bulletin boards for the classroom , dorm room , office and home . ( 13603ua-1 )
hp photosmart 5515 e-all-in-one 5515 e-aio . easily print everyday documents , make copies and scan photos with this wireless e-all-in-one inkjet printer . use the web-enabled touchscreen to access and print driving directions , puzzles and other online contentwithout turning on your computer . send photos and documents directly from your smartphone to your all-in-one , thanks to airprint and hp eprint mobile printing solutions . save money by replacing only the cartridge that runs out with the four individual inks . print technology : inkjet maximum print speed black : 22.0 ppm maximum print speed color : 21.0 ppm network ready : yes .
imbaprice - 1 roll of 450 ( usa ) 4x6 direct thermal labels for zebra 2844 zp-450 zp-500 zp-505 ( 1 inch core ) . compatible with any zebra direct thermal printer than can accept a roll of labels on a 1 '' core . example : lp-2844 , zp-450 , eltron 2844 , zebra 505 , etc.. this 450 rolls label in rolls it easy for you to print one label or a hundred , and their permanent adhesive helps the labels stick and stay put . whether you 're using them for ups and fedex packages , carton labels , deli and bakery labels or addressing , these durable shipping labels fit the bill .
at & t sb67118 sb67138 4-line corded-cordless phone system w 5 sb67108 handsets bundle . at & t sb67118 4-line extendable range corded-cordless small business phone system with five phones
printpayless brand smart ink refill kit for hp 564 hp 564xl ( non-oem ) , hp photosmart 6510 e-all-in-one printer - b211a , hp photosmart 6512 e-all-in-one printer - b211a , hp photosmart 6515 e-all-in-one printer - b211a , hp photosmart 7510 e-all-in-one printer - c311a , hp photosmart 7515 e-all-in-one printer - c311a , black archival waterproof pigment ink + uv resistant ink total 500 ml -black . yield : up to 6,000 pages shelf life : 2 years can use 12 times each color actual printing quantity and capacity will vary based on printer model . this item is intended for refilling original manufacture cartridges or remanufactured cartridges ( not including demo cartridges ) . note : to use this item you will need your original hp cartridges or remanufactured cartridges , they are not provided with this kit .
alera aleet4017 etros series petite mid-back multifunction mesh chair , black . an economical choice for mesh comfort . designed for the petite user , but adjustable to fit all . three-lever multifunction mechanism for complete control of the back angle relative to seat , seat slide and forward tilt . adjustable height back with adjustable lumbar support . height-and width-adjustable arms with soft polyurethane armcaps for ideal arm placement . black five-star nylon base with hooded casters . tilt lock and tilt tension controls rate of recline to accommodate any user .
samsung ml-2165w wireless monochrome printer . 21 page per minute , black and white laser printer , built-in wireless , wps button for wireless setup within 2 minutes , 150 sheet paper capacity create professional-quality prints quickly using the ml-2165w black & white laser printer from samsung . built-in wireless capabilities enable you to connect the printer to any computer on your wi-fi network with the push of a button . samsung 's mobile print app enables you to print directly from your iphone , ipad , android or windows phone mobile device . the ml-2165w is exceptionally quiet -- with sound levels less than 50 dba -- and its compact footprint allows it to sit comfortably on a desk or bookshelf . print directly from your mobile device to the printer over your wireless network . compact footprint allows printer to sit comfortably on a desk or bookshelf . professional-quality , high-resolution prints . along with professional-quality , high-resolution prints , the ml-2165w black & white laser printer delivers print speeds of up to 21 pages per minute and a first page out time of 8.5 seconds . as a result , you spend less time waiting for your documents . a one-touch wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) button allows you to connect the ml-2165w to your wi-fi network quickly and easily . as a result , you can place the ml-2165w wherever you want in your office and print from any computer on the network without worrying about running cables . simply press the wps button on your internet router and the wps button on the ml-2165w , and the printer automatically configures and connects to your wireless network . available for the iphone , ipad , and android and windows phone devices , the samsung mobile print app allows you to print directly from your mobile device to the printer over your wireless network . as a result , you can work smarter and faster without wasting time switching devices or transferring files . the app lets you print not only jpegs and pdfs but also the full suite of microsoft office files , including word documents , powerpoint slides , and excel spreadsheets . the ml-2165w is ideal for small businesses and other endeavors that require economical printing . samsung 's easy eco driver lets you edit your jobs before printing to ensure you 're not wasting toner or paper . with easy-to-use setting such as image or bold text removal , the printer helps you save on toner and paper costs . additionally , a one-piece , 1,500-page toner cartridge can be changed easily without making a mess . the ml-2165w black & white laser printer uses the following toner :  black : mlt-d101s - average page yield of 1,500 standard*** pages . this printer is compatible with computers running 32- or 64-bit versions of windows xp , windows server 2003 , windows vista , windows server 2008 , windows server 2008 r2 , and windows 7 , as well as mac os x ( versions 10.4 through 10.7 ) and linux and unix systems . it measures 11.7 by 15.8 by 11.5 inches ( h x w x d ) and weighs 17.6 pounds . ml-2165w black & white laser printer , power cord , hi-speed usb 2.0 cable , starter toner , driver software cd with digital user manual , warranty card , and quick installation guide . *** toner yields declared in accordance with iso iec 19752 at 5 % page coverage delivers print speeds of up to 21 pages per minute . connect the ml-2165w to your wi-fi network quickly and easily . simple and efficient printer management . user-friendly design .
sterilite 20439002 medium 3 drawer desktop unit , black with clear drawers , 2-pack . sterilite high quality products 3 drawer medium desktop unit .
officemax mobile printer cart , oak om04582 . oak finish mobile printer cart with drawer and cabinet . officemax furniture offers the same quality level as national brands but with a lower cost.. brand : officemax . dimensions : 20 '' w x 15-1 4 '' d x 25-1 2 '' . color finish : oak . oak finish . drawer and cabinet . 4 nylon casters , 2 locking . cart measures 20 '' w x 15-1 4 '' d x 25-1 2 '' h
flash furniture adjustable height metal lectern in mahogany . this lectern is ideal for presentations that does n't require any supportive equipment . the simplistic design of this lectern makes it ideal for conference rooms , meeting halls and in classrooms . this podium features a slanted top that will prevent papers , books and writing utensils from sliding . the height adjustable knob makes it easy to adjust for different speakers .
samsung mlt-d101s toner cartridge black for sf-760p , ml-2160 , 2165 , 2165w . samsung mlt-d101s toner cartridge black ( mlt-d101s , xaa ) . samsung toner mlt-d101s works with samsung printer : sf-760p . ml-2160 , 2165 , 2165w . genuine samsung toner top performance , reliability and quality each time you print . mlt-d101s toner cartridge yield ( approx . ) : 1,500 pages . what 's in the box : new original samsung mlt-d101s black toner cartridge . color : black toner . hp part number : su700a .
humanscale m8 monitor height adjustable desk mount finish : polished aluminum with white trim , base type : clamp . m8cw finish : polished aluminum with white trim , base type : clamp features : -made in the usa . -clamping mount included : yes . product type : -desk mount . country of manufacture : -united states . dimensions : overall height - top to bottom : -18 '' . overall width - side to side : -3 '' . overall depth - front to back : -12 '' . overall product weight : -15.8 lbs . adjustable height : -yes .
ckb products wholesale genuine leather bible cover . sophisticated in style , our classic leather bible cover is both durable and stylish , with top of the line stitching detail . each bible cover is a work of art that will last for generations to come .
hp laserjet pro 400 m451nw color printer ( ce956a ) ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . produce professional quality color documents with ease and fast speed . seamlessly integrate into your office or wireless home network . hp features help you save paper and energy , and print from virtually anywhere with hp eprint
hp laserjet pro m451dn color printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . the hp laserjet pro 400 color m451dn keeps you efficient with a 250-sheet paper tray and a 50-sheet multipurpose tray . print affordably with individual color inks replace only the ink that runs out . this laser printer also helps you reduce energy use with hp auto-on auto-off and instant-on technologies . install this hp laserjet in only a few minutes there 's no cd required with hp smart install .
hp laserjet pro 400 m451dw color wireless photo printer ( ce958a ) ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . produce professional quality color documents with ease and fast speed . seamlessly integrate into your office or wireless home network . hp features help you save paper and energy , and print from virtually anywhere with hp eprint
epson workforce wf-7510 wireless all-in-one wide-format color inkjet printer , copier , scanner , fax ( c11ca96201 ) . go big with professional prints up to 13 '' x 19 '' and scans up to 11 '' x 17 '' . the workforce wf-7510 is the affordable wide-format all-in-one that features the world 's fastest print speeds in its class . quickly print layouts at 100 % . or , scan large-sized originals in a flash - no stitching software required . the workforce wf-7510 makes everything easy . featuring a paper capacity up to 250 sheets , it 's always ready to print on matte or glossy paper . the workforce wf-7510 moves at your busy pace , whatever the project at hand . and , prints are smudge , fade and water resistant , so you can handle them immediately after printing . engineered to offer the ultimate in speed and flexibility , this high performance all-in-one brings you quality without compromise .
epson workforce wf-7010 wide-format color inkjet printer ( c11cb59201 ) . go big with professional prints up to 13 '' x 19 '' - all from the workforce wf-7010 , the affordable wide-format printer that features the world 's fastest print speeds in its class . quickly print layouts at 100 % . the workforce wf-7010 makes everything easy . with two paper trays and a paper capacity up to 500 sheets , it 's always ready to print on matte or glossy paper . and , with automatic two-sided printing , it offers even more versatility . the workforce wf-7010 moves at your busy pace , whatever the project at hand . and , prints are smudge , fade and water resistant , so you can handle them immediately after printing . engineered to offer the ultimate in speed and flexibility , this high performance printer brings you quality without compromise . workforce wf-7010 wide-format inkjet printerwide-format print ethernet why buy ? enlarge engineered for business . go big with professional prints up to 13 '' x 19 ''  from the workforce wf-7010 , the affordable wide-format printer that features the world  s fastest print speeds in its class . quickly print layouts at 100 % . the workforce wf-7010 makes everything easy . with two paper trays and a total paper capacity up to 500 sheets , it  s always ready to print on plain paper or specialty media . and , with automatic two-sided printing , it offers even more versatility . the workforce wf-7010 moves at your busy pace , whatever the project at hand . and , prints are smudge , fade and water resistant , so you can handle them immediately after printing . engineered to offer the ultimate in speed and flexibility , this high performance printer brings you quality without compromise . iso ppm is based on the international standard for measuring print speed . black and color print speeds are determined in default , single-side mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. black and color two-sided print speeds are determined in two-sided mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. actual print times will vary based on system configuration , software , and page complexity.see www.epson.com printspeed for details , including complete iso reports .
epson workforce wf-7520 wireless all-in-one wide-format color inkjet printer , scanner , copier , fax ( c11cb58201 ) . go big with professional prints up to 13 '' x 19 '' and scans up to 11 '' x 17 '' . the workforce wf-7520 is the affordable wide-format all-in-one that features the world 's fastest print speeds in its class . featuring two paper trays and a paper capacity up to 500 sheets , it 's always ready to print on matte or glossy paper . and , with automatic two-sided printing , copying and scanning , it offers even more versatility . quickly print layouts at 100 % . or , scan large-sized originals in a flash -no stitching software required . the workforce wf-7520 moves at your busy pace , whatever the project at hand . and , prints are smudge , fade and water resistant , so you can handle them immediately after printing . engineered to offer the ultimate in speed and flexibility , this high performance all-in-one brings you quality without compromise . workforce wf-7520 wide-format all-in-one wide-format print copy scan fax ethernet wi-fi why buy ? engineered for business . enlarge go big with professional prints up to 13 '' x 19 '' and scans up to 11 '' x 17 '' . the workforce wf-7520 is a total solution  the wide-format all-in-one that features the world  s fastest print speeds in its class . featuring two paper trays and a total paper capacity up to 500 sheets , it  s always ready to print on plain paper or specialty media . and , with automatic two-sided printing , copying and scanning , it offers even more versatility . quickly print layouts at 100 % . or , scan large-sized originals in a flash  no stitching software required . the workforce wf-7520 moves at your busy pace , whatever the project at hand . and , prints are smudge , fade and water resistant , so you can handle them immediately after printing . engineered to offer the ultimate in speed and flexibility , this high performance all-in-one brings you quality without compromise . iso ppm is based on the international standard for measuring print speed . black and color print speeds are determined in default , single-side mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. black and color two-sided print speeds are determined in two-sided mode , in accordance with iso iec 24734. actual print times will vary based on system configuration , software , and page complexity.see www.epson.com printspeed for details , including complete iso reports .
samsung scx-3405fw wireless monochrome printer with scanner , copier and fax . 21 page per minute , black and white laser mfp printer , print , copy , scan , fax , built-in wireless , wps button for wireless setup within 2 minutes , 150 sheet paper capacity print , copy , scan , and fax documents with ease using the scx-3405fw multifunction printer from samsung . an automatic document feeder allows you to copy , scan , or fax up to 40 sheets a time , and built-in wireless capabilities enable you to connect the printer to any computer on your wi-fi network with the push of a button . samsung 's mobile print app enables you to print directly from your iphone , ipad , android or windows phone mobile device . the scx-3405fw is exceptionally quiet -- with sound levels less than 50 dba -- and its compact footprint allows it to sit comfortably on a desk or bookshelf . easy eco driver helps ensure you 're not wasting toner or paper . print directly from your mobile device to the printer over your wireless network . compact footprint allows printer to sit comfortably on a desk or bookshelf . along with professional-quality , high-resolution prints , the scx-3405fw multifunction printer delivers print speeds of up to 21 pages per minute and a first page out time of 8.5 seconds . as a result , you spend less time waiting for your documents . a one-touch wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) button allows you to connect the scx-3405fw to your wi-fi network quickly and easily . as a result , you can place the scx-3405fw wherever you want in your office and print from any computer on the network without worrying about running cables . simply press the wps button on your internet router and the wps button on the scx-3405fw , and the printer automatically configures and connects to your wireless network . available for the iphone , the ipad , and android and windows phone devices , the samsung mobile print app allows you to print directly from your mobile device to the printer over your wireless network . as a result , you can work smarter and faster without wasting time switching devices or transferring files . the app lets you print not only jpegs and pdfs but also the full suite of microsoft office files , including word documents , powerpoint slides , and excel spreadsheets . a one-touch eco button automatically enables several options , including printing with toner save and skipping blank pages . you can edit the default settings and even choose whether they apply to the next print job only or all future jobs . with samsung 's easy eco driver , you can further edit your jobs before printing to ensure you 're not wasting toner or paper . with easy-to-use settings such as image removal and bold text , the printer helps save on paper and toner costs . the scx-3405fw black & white multifunction laser printer uses the following toner :  black : mlt-d101s - average page yield of 1,500 standard*** pages . this printer is compatible with computers running 32- or 64-bit versions of windows xp , windows server 2003 , windows vista , windows server 2008 , windows server 2008 r2 , and windows 7 , as well as mac os x ( versions 10.4 through 10.7 ) and linux and unix systems . it measures 11.7 by 15.8 by 11.5 inches ( h x w x d ) and weighs 17.6 pounds . scx-3405fw multifunction printer , power cord , hi-speed usb 2.0 cable , starter toner , driver software cd with digital user manual , warranty card , and quick installation guide . *** toner yields declared in accordance with iso iec 19752 at 5 % page coverage product configuration . ( click each to enlarge . ) fax , copy , print , and scan .
palomino blackwing 602-12 count .
corner computer desk with hutch by sauder . corner desks this corner computer desk has a melamine top surface that is heat , stain , and scratch-resistant as well as a slide-out keyboard mouse shelf with metal runners and safety stops . its lower drawer holds letter or european size hanging files , and a storage area behind the door holds a vertical cpu tower . the door and the drawers on this computer desk can be fastened on the left or right side , and it has a grommet hole for cord management . this corner computer desk comes in antiqued white or antiqued paint finish with american cherry accents . this corner computer desk hutch can be fastened on the left or right side . ships ready for easy assembly .
hp laserjet pro 400 color mfp m475dw wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . get professional color and print black text at the same cost per page as a black-and-white hp laserjet printer with the hp laserjet pro 400 color mfp m75dw . boost productivity and save time with print speeds up to 21 pages per minute , black and color . print from your mobile device with hp eprint-just send it to your printer and it automatically prints ! use the touchscreen to access apps to print forms , maps and other web content right from your printer.2 stay on task with fast faxing at three seconds per page and a 250-page fax memory . convert hard copies to digital files quickly and easily-scan straight to a usb , e-mail or network folder . share printing resources with wired networking and use the high-speed usb 2.0 port to easily print from your pc or thumb drive . the hp laserjet pro 400 color mfp m75dw keeps you efficient with a 250-sheet paper tray and a 50-sheet multipurpose tray . this laser printer also cuts down on paper use with automatic two-sided printing and helps you reduce energy use with hp auto-on auto-off and instant-on technologies . install this hp laserjet in only a few minutes-there 's no cd required with hp smart install .
15 generation pedigree chart - 10 pack . nine generations are on the front and six more can be continued on the back . the chart measures 23 '' x 29 '' and is folded and hole-punched for an 8.5 '' x11 '' binder . 10 charts in a package .
ion isc31 ipics 2 go photo slide and negative scanner for iphone 4 4s . pics 2 go from ion is the easiest way to bring all of your memories into the digital realm using your hone 4 or iphone 4s . with ipics 2 go , you can instantly digitize and share your classic prints , slides and negatives . sharing photos has never been easier . with digital cameras and social media , you have the ability to share your pictures in real time . but what about your printed pictures , old family slides and negatives ? sharing those pictures is n't so easy . until now . ipics 2 go removes all the hassle of digitizing your prints , negatives and slides . this mini photo booth is a simple solution that will bring your treasured pictures onto your iphone 4 in seconds , ready to be shared with friends and family . the process is simple : for prints , simply load the picture into the ipics 2 go photo tray , place the tray under the ipics 2 go photo booth and take a picture with your iphone 4 camera . that 's it , your picture is ready to be instantly uploaded to social media sites , emailed to friends , or stored in your digital archive . ipics 2 go comes with a free photo editing app* that converts your slides and negatives into sharable photos , and includes a facebook button for instant sharing ! get it straight the ipics 2 go photo tray is the key to its simplicity and speed . it features separate inlets for 3x5 and 4x6 prints that hold your photos perfectly straight , ready to capture . each inlet gently holds your photo flat and prevents it from bowing . the design of ipics 2 go ensures consistency because your photos are always in the same position with the same lighting , and your iphone camera is always in the same spot . there 's no guesswork . light it up : the ipics 2 go photo booth has built-in lighting that illuminates your photos evenly with no hotspots or glare . with the ipics 2 go photo tray in place , your photo is isolated from all outside lighting and interference , positioned perfectly for your iphone 4 camera .
xerox mobile scanner . experience the freedom of true mobility . what is xerox mobile scanner ? it means easy-to-use technology that is flexibile enough to use anywhere you are , untethered , fully compatible with your world and gear . it means information at your fingertips , integrated devices , small in size , high in performance , all the while being environmental friendly , affordable and reliable . until today , scanners have been , at best , portable . they were small and easy to travel with . but now it is time to think about mobility in a whole new way . introducing xerox mobile scanner , the first truly mobile scanner that lets you scan anywhere without a computer , cords or software . reliable and easy to use xerox mobile scanner is a small color scanner that is powered by a rechargeable battery . no computer or power connection is required to start scanning . simply turn on the scanner , select one of three file formats ( color pdf , black and white pdf or color jpg ) , and insert your document . your scanned items are saved to an sd memory card ( 2gb card included ) or a usb flash drive . xerox mobile scanner takes only 10 seconds to scan a full page at 300 dpi , and you can scan 300 pages per charge . with visioneer 's autolaunch technology , scanning begins as soon as documents are inserted into the scanner . optional wireless capability scanner can also scan your documents and wirelessly transfer the scanned jpg files with an optional eye-fi card inserted into your scanner . eye-fi is an sdhc memory card that has built-in wi-fi . it stores the images on your card and uses your wireless network to effortlessly transfer these images to your computer and over 25 online destinations such as evernote , picasa , facebook , shutterfly , and mobileme .
wolverine negative tray set of 3 . wolverine negative tray for snap f2d8 , f2d14 & f2d20 viewer ( set of 3 )
wolverine data slide trays set of 3 . esigned with an easy to open and an easy to close magnetic lock , the wolverine data f2ds03-mag magnetic slide tray converts your negatives into jpeg digital images . it comes in a pack of 3 , this slide tray can hold 4 slides and it 's compatible with all wolverine f2d scanners and snap .
at & t cl2909 corded speakerphone with caller id call waiting , white . reliable , corded operation eliminates the search for a misplaced cordless handset , while sturdy construction ensures long-lasting performance . clean design makes it an easy fit on any counter or wall . allows you to view the name , number , time and date of incoming calls at a glance , even those on call waiting .
sheaffer no nonsense fountain pen . sheaffer no nonsense fountain pen . sheaffer has been a world leader in manufacturing quality products for many years . this is a brand new fountain pen . never used nor dipped . engraving on clip `` sheaffer usa '' length of the pen=5.1 4 '' . nib : medium ( fine nib also available ) original sheaffer pen in sheaffer packing . 2 cartridges will accompany the fountain pen . stainless steeltrim and cap button
iconvert scanner for ipad tablet . iconvert scanner for your iphone or ipad tablet . note that you have too many piles of receipts , bills and other paper documents . tame the paperwork jungle in your life by getting a scanner for your ipad tablet . our iconvert scanner captures sharp , detailed jpeg images and saves them directly to the photos folder of your ipad or ipad 2 tablet . receipts and photos and memos , oh my ! the iconvert scanner will help you put order to-and prevent you from permanently losing-all the many types of documents in your world . at home , it lets you save family photos , genealogy records , greeting cards , recipes and children 's artwork . at the office , you can archive meeting notes , resumes , renderings and signed contracts . while traveling , the scanner is perfect for digitizing receipts , expense sheets , and business cards . this compact scanner fits easily in your briefcase or backpack , measuring 12.1 '' w x 4.4 '' d x 2.8 '' h and weighing just 1.44 lbs . do n't risk accuracy by simply `` photographing '' your important documents . cameras are great at taking pictures of people , places and things . they 're not the best choice for capturing detailed images of documents . using a scanner ensures that you 'll be able to read every letter and number on your receipt and see every tiny detail in a photo or drawing . shooting a document up close with a camera also frequently introduces distorted angles and unequal sharpness across the photos . by sending your document through a feed scanner , your image is perfect . ipad not included . ipad , itunes and icloud are trademarks of apple inc. , registered in the u.s. and other countries . app store is a service mark of apple inc. `` made for ipad '' means that an electronic accessory has been designed to connect specifically to ipad and has been certified by the developer to meet apple performance standards . apple is not responsible for the operation of this device or its compliance with safety and regulatory standards .
lexmark 90p0100 wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . the lexmark office edge pro5500 color mfp offers business-class features such as professional print quality , duplex scanning and a touch screen that supports lexmark smartsolutions
canon pixma mx432 wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . wireless printing with features that let you get down to business.automatic sheet feeder : 100 sheets , adf : 30 sheets . bring excellent quality , speed , and ease of use to your home office all in the name of increased productivity . this begins with built-in wi-fi1 for printing and scanning virtually anywhere in your home from computers and compatible mobile devices . this also includes airprint2 , which lets you wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , phone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . an integrated 30-sheet auto document feeder , fastfront , and easy-webprint ex3 are just some of the features that can allow you to easily multi-task while your pixma mx432 is at work for all-new levels of efficiency . 4800 x 1200 maximum color resolution4 and the fine cartridge system means superb business document printing and efficiency while built-in imaging technology ensures the integrity of originals are preserved with each copy and scan . maintain security standards by utilizing features to prevent misdialed fax transmissions and keep scanned files password protected . the mx432 also allows you to turn your office into a photo lab and print beautiful , borderless5 photo lab quality photos up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' in size . your photo printing options now also include full hd video6 while you can enjoy computer-less printing through compatible direct print options . the mx432 delivers the business imaging quality and versatile solutions that can assist you in bringing your business to the next level . so , you can print business documents when you need to and photos when you want to . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . * *a trademark of ziff davis , inc. used under license . reprinted with permission . copyright . 2012 ziff davis , inc. all rights reserved . wireless1 printing with features that let you get down to business speed & quality fantastic resolution : 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi4 produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance ink cartridges : these two genuine canon ink cartridges contain specially formulated inks for great document and photo quality . one is a pigment black cartridge for crisp , professional text and one is a multi-color cartridge for pictures . both are easy to use and replace . beautiful , borderless photos fast : print a borderless , 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 46 seconds.8 chromalife100 : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 100 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.9 ease of use fully-integrated , 30-sheet auto document feeder : easily copy , scan and fax multiple documents without having to load them one page at a time . enjoy full integration so the printer can better fit in tight workspaces . fastfront : this innovative design feature allows for even easier replacement of your genuine canon ink and papers right from the front of the machine . full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful prints.6 2-line lcd : easily set print and copy quantities while also viewing the printer 's status . auto scan mode : with one press of the scan button your original is automatically recognized and saved in the correct format.10 auto document fix : this built-in software automatically analyzes and corrects both text and image documents so text will remain clear and easy to read with pronounced edges , and pictures will keep their true color with highlights , shadows , and dots being smoothed out . connectivity built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly1 from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house . super g3 fax : the high speed business fax11 standard for color and pc facsimiles on plain paper meets the home office workhorse with 20 coded speed dials and up to 50 incoming pages.12 airprint : wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , phone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . there  s no software to download , no drivers to install , and no cables to connect . just see it , tap it , and print it ! 2 mobile printing : the free easyphoto-print app lets you wirelessly print and scan jpg and pdf files from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , and android devices.6 pictbridge & optional bluetooth : print directly from digital camera , dv camcorder , or camera phones via pictbridge13 , or the optional bu-30 wireless bluetooth14 unit . additional features & benefits
canon pixma mx512 wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . business quality imaging right at home.print speed : black : 9.7 ipm , color : 5.5 ipm , 4x6-inch photo : 46 seconds . bring excellent quality , speed , and ease of use to your home office all in the name of increased productivity . this begins with built-in wi-fi1 for printing and scanning virtually anywhere in your home from computers and compatible mobile devices . this also includes airprint2 , which lets you wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , phone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . an integrated 30-sheet auto document feeder , built-in auto duplex printing , a dual function panel , and fastfront are just some of the features that can allow you to easily multi-task while your pixma mx512 is at work . this can bring office efficiency to all-new levels and reduce cost at the same time . 4800 x 1200 maximum color resolution3 and the fine cartridge system means superb business document printing and efficiency while built-in imaging technology ensures the integrity of originals are preserved with each copy and scan . maintain security standards by utilizing features to prevent misdialed fax transmissions and keep scanned files password protected . the mx512 also allows you to turn your office into a photo lab and print beautiful , borderless4 photo lab quality photos up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' in size . your photo printing options now also include full hd video5 while you can enjoy computer-less printing through compatible direct print options . the mx512 delivers the business imaging quality and versatile solutions that can assist you in bringing your business to the next level . so , you can print business documents when you need to and photos when you want to . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . * *a trademark of ziff davis , inc. used under license . reprinted with permission . copyright . 2012 ziff davis , inc. all rights reserved . business quality imaging right at home speed & quality fantastic resolution : 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi3 produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance ink cartridges : these two genuine canon ink cartridges contain specially formulated inks for great document and photo quality . one is a pigment black cartridge for crisp , professional text and one is a multi-color cartridge for pictures . both are easy to use and replace . beautiful , borderless photos fast : print a borderless , 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 46 seconds.7 chromalife100 : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 100 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.8 ease of use dual function panel : this streamlined control panel provides useful function buttons that transform into a keypad in fax mode for easier operation . fully-integrated , 30-sheet auto document feeder : easily copy , scan and fax multiple documents without having to load them one page at a time . enjoy full integration so the printer can better fit in tight workspaces . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this can reduce your paper consumption and cost by up to 50 % . fastfront : this innovative design feature allows for even easier replacement of your genuine canon ink and papers right from the front of the machine . full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful prints.5 2.5 '' lcd : easily view , select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing . no downloading needed , just choose your picture and print ! auto scan mode : with one press of the scan button your original is automatically recognized and saved in the correct format.9 auto document fix : this built-in software automatically analyzes and corrects both text and image documents so text will remain clear and easy to read with pronounced edges , and pictures will keep their true color with highlights , shadows , and dots being smoothed out . connectivity built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly1 from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house . built-in ethernet : this wired lan interface lets you connect to a home or office network , with connected computers able to share printer functions and display the printer 's status at any moment . super g3 fax : the high speed business fax10 standard for color and pc facsimiles on plain paper meets the home office workhorse with 20 coded speed dials and up to 50 incoming pages.11 airprint : wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , phone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . there  s no software to download , no drivers to install , and no cables to connect . just see it , tap it , and print it ! 2 mobile printing : the free easyphoto-print app lets you wirelessly print and scan jpg and pdf files from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , and android devices.6 memory cards usb pictbridge & optional bluetooth : print directly from compatible memory cards12 , usb flash drives , digital camera , dv camcorder or camera phones via pictbridge13 , or the optional bu-30 wireless bluetooth14 unit-without a computer . additional features & benefits
harwick multi-function leather drafting chair . this is the most comfortable drafting chair that you will ever sit in , period . it 's our best selling drafting chair and it 's also the only multi-function leather drafting chair on the market . features include soft grain black leather , thick tufted cushions , a classic tapered mid height back with built in lumbar support , large 20 '' height adjustable chrome footring , height and width adjustable armrests and a waterfall seat to relieve pressure on your legs . under seat adjustments include pneumatic seat height , back height and back angle . dimensions : seat size : 19 '' w x 18.5 '' d x 5 '' thick . back size : 18 '' w x 20 '' h x 5 '' thick . seat height adjustment : 24 '' to 32 '' h. ten year limited warranty from harwick furniture .
3 pack - ibm wheelwriter ii compatible ribbon 1380999 . ss-tw-rc-fbm
panasonic kx-tg4734b dect 6.0 cordless phone with answering system , black , 4 handsets . panasonic high quality phone system with answering capability - new retail packaging panasonic kx-tg4734b dect 6.0 4-handset landline telephone at panasonic , we believe the best technology makes life less complicated . that 's why we 've designed our 2012 line of dect 6.0 plus telephones to simplify the way you make and take calls . we made our phones easier than ever to see , hear and use so keeping in touch has never been easier . a large led light atop the handset lets you know when someone calls , perfect for when you ca n't hear the ringer , and an easy-to-read , extra-wide lcd display lets you see who 's calling at a glance . bigger buttons make dialing a breeze while an amplified handset volume ensures you catch every word , even when there 's background noise . so no matter what 's going on in your world , connecting with friends and family is still as easy as picking up the phone .
panasonic kx-tg4743b dect 6.0 cordless phone with answering system , black , 3 handsets ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . panasonic high quality phone system with answering capability - new retail packaging panasonic kx-tg4743b dect 6.0 3-handset landline telephone at panasonic , we believe the best technology makes life less complicated . that 's why we 've designed our 2012 line of dect 6.0 plus telephones to simplify the way you make and take calls . we made our phones easier than ever to see , hear and use so keeping in touch has never been easier . a large led light atop the handset lets you know when someone calls , perfect for when you ca n't hear the ringer , and an easy-to-read , extra-wide lcd display lets you see who 's calling at a glance . bigger buttons make dialing a breeze while an amplified handset volume ensures you catch every word , even when there 's background noise . so no matter what 's going on in your world , connecting with friends and family is still as easy as picking up the phone .
panasonic kx-tg4753b dect 6.0 cordless phone with answering system and range extender , black , 3 handsets . panasonic high quality phone system with answering capability - new retail packaging panasonic kx-tg4735b dect 6.0 3-handset landline telephone at panasonic , we believe the best technology makes life less complicated . that 's why we 've designed our 2012 line of dect 6.0 plus telephones to simplify the way you make and take calls . we made our phones easier than ever to see , hear and use so keeping in touch has never been easier . a large led light atop the handset lets you know when someone calls , perfect for when you ca n't hear the ringer , and an easy-to-read , extra-wide lcd display lets you see who 's calling at a glance . bigger buttons make dialing a breeze while an amplified handset volume ensures you catch every word , even when there 's background noise . so no matter what 's going on in your world , connecting with friends and family is still as easy as picking up the phone .
panasonic kx-tg7745s link2cell bluetooth cellular convergence solution with 5 handset ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . panasonic high quality phone system with answering capability - new retail packaging panasonic kx-tg7745s dect 6.0 5-handset landline telephone like using your cell phone a home but do n't like carrying it around ? now you can make and receive cell phone calls through your multi-handset home phone system with the bluetooth powered panasonic link2cell . simple link your cell phone via bluetooth to link2cell , and then make or receive cell phone calls through any of your comfortable , panasonic home phone handsets .
dymo 1812034 business card scanner with image capture . card scan image capture ( ic ) accurately captures driver 's licenses , insurance cards and other patient information . used on its own or interfaced with electronic health records and other practice software systems , card scan ic delivers true , complete color images to help reduce errors , streamline admissions and speed reimbursement..
epson workforce ds-30 portable document & image scanner . engineered for business . scan , save and send important data wherever your business takes you with the workforce ds-30 portable document scanner . delivering full-function flexibility on the go , the ds-30 scans receipts , documents up to 8.5 '' x 14 '' , plastic i.d . cards and more right into an e-mail , searchable pdf and more . send your scanned files directly to the most popular cloud services with the included software . included correction tools allow you to automatically remove punch holes from scanned images , auto-size documents , enhance text quality , and correct image skew so you can keep your business moving when you 're out on the road . perfect for busy professionals , this lightweight , travel-friendly single-side scanner is ready to perform whenever you are . usb powered , there 's no external power supply required . and , it 's mac and pc compatible .
penpower worldcard pro business card scanner ( win mac ) . the tilting open mail box entrance allows you to put in business cards easily , tilting close design protects the scanner from debris or dusts . scans and recognizes business cards , then saves contact information into address book or microsoft outlook ; turns business cards into accurate digital format in a few seconds . complete sets of management functions provided for editing of information , assigning multiple categories . the intelligent mailbox concept with indication light , guide you to scan business card in the easiest way that you have never experienced . powerful recognition kernel can turn business card into accurate digital format in seconds for efficient contact management .
franklin merriam-webster 's spanish-english bilingual dictionary ( dbe-1510 ) . the handheld dictionary for english students learning spanish and vice versa . high school and university students as well as professional adults love franklin 's spanish-english dictionary . it 's packed with 5,000,000 spanish-english translations , the sat spanish word list and the toefl test word list , 4,000 example sentences and 2,000 conversational phrases . plus , this language skill-builder is brimming with grammar tools and interactive quizzes that help native spanish and english learners improve their vocabulary .
oxford idea collective mini hardcover journal , 3-1 2 '' x 5-1 2 '' , wide rule , black embossed cover , 96 sheets ( 56874 ) . the oxford idea collective mini hardcover journal has smooth cream-colored paper for a lush writing experience . each is richly detailed with embossed covers , a satiny yellow bookmark , elastic closure and an odds-n-ends pocket with bright yellow expanding sides . 3-1 2 '' x 5-1 2 '' . black embossed cover . 96 sheets , legal ruled .
usps style 25 lb x 0.1 oz digital shipping mailing postal scale with batteries . have you ever wondered before mailing out a sizable letter or merchandise , `` how much does this weigh ? does this exceed the minimal weight for standard mailing ? '' well , good news for you ! weigh max introduces the new digital postal scale to answer your questions . the black sleek platform is professionally designed to weigh pounds and ounces to its exact precision . this scale has a large lcd screen for easy reading with mode , tare , hold functions . it operates with 1-9v battery ( included ) with an energy saving auto shut off for prolonged use . 10 year manufacturer warranty .
sunstar kadomaru pro , corner cutter ( s4765036 ) . paper corner cutter work like punch from japanese goods and stationary brand sunstar , corner cut for r3mm , r5mm , r8mm
freccia rossa market 2 1 4 x 50 ' thermal paper ( 50 rolls ) ( fr214050t ) . 2 1 4 '' x 50 ' thermal paper ( 50 rolls ) his paper fits : axalto magic x1000 blue bamboo model p25 portable printer blue bamboo model h50 wireless pos terminal celerex cx 1000 remote terminal citizen cbm262 , cbm270 ebw auto stik 950 emco wheaton tank monitor ii extech s1500t , s2500ths first data fd400 credit card terminal hypercom i.c.e.4000 , hypercom i.c.e.4000ce , hypercom i.c.e.5000 , hypercom i.c.e.5500 , hypercom i.c.e.6500 hypercom t7p-t ingenico ict200 , ingenico ict 220 , ingenico ict250 , ingenico iwl255 , ingenico iwl252 , ingenico bio930 , ingenico eft930 series , ingenico eft930s-l , ingenico eft930s , ingenico eft930s link pack 3000 , 9000 , 9100 magic 6000 match consult-ii nissan monitor nurit 2080 , nurit 2085 , nurit 2090 , nurit 3000 , nurit 3010 , nurit 3020 , nurit 5000 , nurit 504 , nurit 505 , nurit 8000 , nurit 8320 omni 3200 , omni 3210 , omni 3300 , omni 3730 , omni 3740 , omni 3750 omni print j.c. 1160 series , om20 o'neil 2t , 2te printek mt2 royal alpha 583cx , royal alpha 600sc , royal alpha 9155sc samsung er5200 , er5240 , stp-103 , stp-131 schlumberger magic 6000 , mpt icc sii sharp 01pu , 01pu , xe-a201 standard register s40 talento dassault veeder root tls350 verifone omni 3200 , omni 3210 , omni 3300 , omni 3350 , omni 3740 , omni 3750 , printer 350 , printer 355 , printer tranz 420 , ( verifone part # crm0027 ) , verifone vx510 , vx520 , vx570 , vx610 vx810 duet , vx820 duet and many more !
ergotron 33-349-200 workfit-s dual with worksurface+ . ergotron workfit-s display stand workfit : the platform for balance and productivity transform any surface into a personalized stand-up desk . change from a sitting to a standing position and back again whenever you want . this height-adjustable workstation moves your keyboard and two lcd displays in one simple motion , making computing comfortable for prolonged periods .
ergotron workfit-s single hd workstation with worksurface+ ( 33-351-200 ) . transform any surface into a on-demand sit stand workstation . stay energized , healthy and productive while you compute . this height adjustable workstation moves your keyboard , display and laptop in one simple motion , making computing comfortable all day long . workfit : the platform for balance and productivity transform any surface into a personalized stand-up desk . change from a sitting to a standing position and back again whenever you want . this height-adjustable workstation moves your keyboard and a larger display in one simple motion , making computing comfortable for prolonged periods .
hp officejet 6100 e-printer wireless color printer . key specs product overview  professional color for up to 50 % lower cost per page and 40 % less energy use than lasers  share your printer with wired and wireless networking  easily print from your smartphone , tablet or notebook this product has print and share with notebooks or pcs on an existing wireless network , using the freedom of built-in wireless connect printing devices to pcs securely with built-in ethernet ports easily print from your smartphone , tablet , or notebook at home , work or on the go conserve resources with an energy star-qualified printer image gallery included features save on printing costs with individual inksreplace only the cartridge that runs out print borderless photos and documents up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' specifications iso laser comparable : up to 16ppm 250-sheet input tray one-year limited hardware warranty , unit exchange strategy . 24-hour , 7 days a week phone support remember original hp ink compare products iso : up to 16 ppm black , up to 9 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 34 ppm black , up to 31 ppm color iso : up to 15 ppm black , up to 8 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 33 ppm black , up to 29 ppm color iso : up to 20 ppm black , up to 16 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 35 ppm black , up to 35 ppm color iso : up to 20 ppm black , up to 15 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 25 ppm black and color iso : up to 36 ppm black and color maximum print speed : up to 55 ppm black and color download more info datasheet
office desk name plate or wall door sign - 2 '' x10 '' - laser engraved sign - customize . laser engraved office desk name plate or door sign with adhesive backing . made from high quality indoor outdoor signage material .
office chair floor protectors - felt casters pkg of 5 . dual wheel casters with permanently fused felt . directions : push caster stem into hole . *note : for 7 16 '' diameter hole only . please measure first . we understand these do not fit some ikea chairs . load capacity 375 lbs . per set .
vupoint solutions pds-st441-vp magic wand portable scanner w color display , 900 dpi resolution , usb 2.0 ( black ) . portable hand-held scanner , with preview display for color & monochromatic images , documents , magazines .
arch tower - cherry black . have limited space but major storage needs ? calico designs ' arch tower provides ample space for computer and work accessories all in a compact , efficient tower station . it features two large upper shelves , a spacious lower shelf , two speaker stands and a slide-out keyboard . beneath each speaker stand sits two cd storages spaces with three slots each . metal wood rear panels and floor levelers added for stability . available in pewter teak , black silver and black cherry . main work surface : 47.25 '' x 25 '' . overall dimensions : 47.25 '' w x 25 '' d x 74 '' h .
25 seed embedded recycled lotka printer paper . these seed embedded sheets will blossom into a garden of flowers if planted and cared for . the perfect paper for that important mailing the paper is 50 % recycled and has our wildflower blend seeds embedded in the paper . contains 15 annual species . tolerates partial shade ; needs 4 hours a day of direct sunlight and grows to about 3 ' . seeds include we want your experience with our products to be 100 % positive however we can not control your growing conditions to ensure the paper you plant sprouts into a healthy garden of flowers . there are many things that will influence the success of your planting that are out of our control . we can assure you that our paper has an abundance of live seeds embedded in it . just because you do n't see watermelon sized seeds , does not mean that the paper you received is seedless . the seeds we use average more than three million seeds per pound . they are tiny ! our paper is the most tested seed paper stock in the country . it is tested by us , tested by the seed supplier , tested by the usda ( twice ) and tested by the department of agriculture in nepal ( twice ) . we know it will sprout and grow . please be patient when you attempt to start the seeds . some of the plants in the paper have just a 1 week germination time and some have a six week germination time . keep watering the planting until you see sprouts , then keep watering it regularly until the plant is established . seedlings do not have the strength to survive a brief drought until they are established .
royal cx80 cross cut shredder . the royal cx80 cross cut shredder shreds 8 sheets of paper in a single pass . it shreds credit cards and staples . it has auto start stop , and reverse functions . it includes a pullout wastebasket.a few pieces of shredded paper may be found inside the shredder and the waste basket . this is normal . all royal shredders are tested at the factory to insure quality . please note : a few pieces of shredded paper may be found inside the shredder and the waste basket . this is normal . all royal shredders are tested at the factory to insure quality . with over 100 years experience manufacturing office equipment , royal has played a major role in the evolution of the paper shredder . the cx80 is one of our finest efforts in personal home office shredders . this 8 sheet cross-cut paper shredder offers all the power and reliability needed in today 's environment . with the added ability to shred credit cards , the cx80 offers the most comprehensive method of protecting all your personal and business information . it 's the details that make the cx80 special . the cx80 can shred up to 8 sheets of paper in a single pass into 5 32 '' x 1 '' shreds . a separate slot is provided for shredding credit cards which makes the cx80 perfect for destroying sensitive information . do n't become a victim of identity theft . the cx80 has an easy slide-out 2.75 gallon wastebasket that holds approximately 200 sheets of shredded paper . the translucent bin enables you to see when the wastebasket needs to be emptied . protecting yourself from identify theft is the reason why every home and business should have a paper shredder . royal truly believes this by offering one of the largest lines of affordable paper shredders that are designed to meet the demands of today 's world . the cx80 is the perfect personal home office console shredder . the powerful 5 8 horsepower motor shreds up to 8 sheets of paper at one time into small unreadable pieces . the cx80 also shreds credit cards - completely destroying all printed and digital information . form and function is the theme of the cx80 . the sturdy classic console design is the perfect accent to any office environment . the well thought-out design makes this unit easy to operate and maintain . its large 8 3 4 '' opening , conveniently located towards the front , makes feeding up to 8 sheets of paper effortless . royal knows that the cx80 will be perfect for your personal and home office needs . cx80 console-style cross-cut paper shredder with built-in power cord , 2.75 gallon translucent pull-out wastebasket and instruction manual .
samsung ml series ml-2165 workgroup up to 21 ppm monochrome laser printer . 21 page per minute , black and white laser printer , no wireless
fisher space pen blue ink fine point refill - six pack . 6 per order : fisher space pen pressurized refills ( pr series ) fits the following space pen product categories : bullet , astronaut , shuttle , x-750 , space-tec , military , zero gravity , futura , cap-o-matic adapters available to fit parker style pens . blister carded for peg board display .
uniden d1483 dect 6.0 1-handset 1-line digital cordless phone , white . dect 6.0 technology ; answering system ; caller id call waiting ; handset speakerphone ; textured back surface ; green backlit lcd with `` at-a-glance '' layout ; backlit keypad ; intercom & call transfer between handsets ; eco mode-less frequent charging ; 30 name number phonebook ; 30 name number caller id list ; 5 number redial ; find handset key on base ; built-in wall mount ; white with a built-in answering system and caller id capability , the uniden d1483 cordless phone , in white , ensures you 'll never miss an important call . this uniden phone uses digital dect 6.0 technology , which provides outstanding audio clarity , enhanced eavesdropping security , and excellent range , so you can talk from anywhere in your home with confidence . a bright lcd display and backlit keypad make this cordless phone easy to use , even in the dark . with dect 6.0 digital technology , this cordless phone avoids interference from wireless networks and household appliances , giving you crystal clear sound . this technology also offers better security against eavesdropping and an improved range over other phone systems . the uniden d1483 cordless phone comes with a built-in answering system that records voice messages with crisp digital clarity . retrieve messages from the base or from the handset , which features a message waiting indicator light . a large led message counter on the base tells you , at a glance , exactly how many messages are waiting for you . this energy star compliant phone with eco-mode manages power consumption to save battery life between charges . you 'll be able to talk longer , with less frequent charging . the phone offers up to seven hours of talk time , and six days of standby time . with a comfortable shape , lightweight design , and textured grip surface , this uniden cordless phone fits comfortably and securely in your hand . the handset is also easy to find if you misplace it . just press the `` find '' button , located on the base of the phone , and the handset will beep so that you can track it down . this uniden cordless phone has a built-in phonebook that will store up to 70 name and number entries . if you subscribe to a caller id service , the phone will store the numbers of the last 30 received calls to its caller id list . when the phone rings , you 'll see the caller 's name displayed . this allows you to screen calls and pick up the most important calls . in addition , the handset remembers the last five numbers you dialed on it , for quick redialing .
uniden dect 6.0 cordless phone with caller id answering system - white ( d3097 ) . the d3097 series cordless phone with caller id and answering system has amplified audio up to +30db boost and features digital dect 6.0 for crisp , clear sound and gives you the opportunity to take the handset a distance from the base . there is a visual ringer on the handset and base and the silent mode quiets all ringers and incoming messages . there is a speakerphone with amplified boost key and large buttons with a highly visible backlit key pad . you can store up to 50 names and numbers to the caller id list and up to 100 names and numbers in the phonebook . other features include a 5 number redial , intercom and call transfer , belt clip and headset jack , and white backlit scalable font lcd . the d3097 loud & clear dect 6.0 cordless phone with answering system , featured in white , is designed to provide excellent communication for all users . this amplified phone boasts a sophisticated big button design and a comfortable easy-grip handset . special features include a visual ringer that flashes to alert you to incoming calls , boosts audio up to 30 decibels louder than standard face to face conversation , a caller announce feature that speaks the caller 's name , and a digital answering system with an adjustable playback speed to slow down messages . with this uniden phone 's visual ringer system , you 'll know when a call comes in , even when the volume is turned down . the handset and base will light up , alerting you to the call . this phone makes viewing and dialing easy , with a big button keypad design and a high-contrast backlit display with large , scalable fonts . if you have caller id through your phone company , you can use unidens caller announce feature , which speaks the name of the caller . this allows you to know who 's calling , without even looking at the phone . for added volume , you can use the amplified audio boost feature to raise the volume by 30 decibels . the uniden d3097 cordless phone comes with a built-in answering system that records voice messages up to four minutes long with crisp digital clarity . retrieve messages from the base or handset . a large led message counter on the base tells you , at a glance , exactly how many messages are waiting for you . with the adjustable playback speed , you can slow down the speech patterns in messages from callers who speak too quickly . this uniden cordless phone remembers numbers so you do n't have to . the built-in phonebook stores up to 100 name and number entries . if you subscribe to a caller id service , the phone will store the numbers of the last 50 received calls to its caller id list so you can screen calls easily . you can also block up to 20 numbers to prevent unwanted calls . in addition , the handset remembers the last five numbers you dialed on it , for quick redialing . with dect 6.0 digital technology , this cordless phone avoids interference from wireless networks and household appliances , giving you crystal clear sound . this technology also offers better security against eavesdropping and an improved range over other phone systems .
at & t crl30102 dect_6.0 1 handset landline telephone - expansion handset . blank handset display . 1 - confirm proper installation of the telephone base power supply and handset battery . you should only use the power supply provided with your telephone . make sure the power supply is not connected to an electrical outlet that is controlled by a wall switch . confirm that the electrical outlet that the telephone is plugged into is working . 2 - when placing the handset in the charging base , confirm that the charge contacts on the handset and base are making a good connection . the charge light on the telephone handset will be on when the handset is charging . when charging your cordless phone for the first time , or when the battery is completely dead , after 30 minutes of uninterrupted charging , the handset will be fully functional ; which includes the handset display and indicator lights . there is enough charge at this point to use the telephone for a short time . note : it is recommended that you charge your handset battery for the first time for 16 hours to maximize the life of your battery . after the initial 16 hour charge , keep the handset in the telephone base or charger when not in use . it is normal for the unit to show low battery while charging . this will go away once the unit has received a minimum charge . for optimum daily performance , return the handset to its telephone base when not in use . if the charge light does not come on please see the symptom why wo n't the handset charge light come on ? 3 - for multi handset systems : swap the batteries with a known working handset . if the issue follows the handset , replace the handset if the system is expandable . replace the whole system if the system is non-expandable . for single handset systems or when all hs 's are affected follow the steps below : reset the phone : step 1 : disconnect the power to the telephone base . step 2 : disconnect the handset battery ( s ) . step 3 : wait a few minutes and then reconnect the power to the telephone base . step 4 : reconnect the handset battery ( s ) . step 5 : wait about one minute for the handset to re-establish a link with the telephone base and then test the phone again . note : after resetting the telephone system , you will need to reset the clock : step 1 when the phone is not in use , press menu select . step 2 press dir or cid until you see > set date time . step 3 press menu select . use the dialing keys to set the month date and year . step 4 press menu select . use the dialing keys to set the hour and minute ; then press dir or cid to select am or pm . step 5 press menu select to confirm your settings . press and hold off cancel to return to the idle screen . 4 - if the battery is less than 1 year old and talk time is less than 3 hours , replace the battery under warranty .
at & t crl32102 dect_6.0 1-handset landline telephone . high quality , durable , cordless , dect , itad .
at & t crl32202 dect_6.0 2-handset landline telephone . crl32202- 2 handset answering system . large user-friendly controls , plus an integrated digital answering system . view larger 2 handset answering system with caller id call waiting easy-to-read and use , the at & t crl32202 phone system makes dialing and viewing calls painless with high-contrast black text on an extra-large white display . big buttons and talking digits add to the ease , while a visual ringer ensures you wo n't miss a call . the telephone even announces the name of incoming callers , making screening calls that much easier . plus , audio assist gives your calls a boost by temporarily increasing volume and frequency to make speech easier to understand . this telephone uses dect 6.0 digital technology , and delivers exceptional range , sound quality and security , while ensuring wireless networks and electronic devices do n't interfere with conversations . the caller id call waiting feature stores up to 50 calls and alerts you to a new call while the telephone is in use . intercom , call-transfer and conference capabilities streamline in-home communication and eliminate disruptive shouting through the home .
at & t cl4940 corded standard phone with answering system and backlit display , white . cl4940wht- corded answering system.troubleshooting steps as follows:1. if you are having trouble hearing on the handset , try replacing the handset cord . 2. please check if you can hear the dial tone . the volume may be turned down too low to hear the other party . press volume on the base to turn up the volume . 3. try a handset and or line cord from a working set . if this corrects the problem , replace the appropriate cord . 4. if you have connected this telephone to a phone jack that has not been used before , or that has not been used in sometime , there may be problems with this jack that you are not aware of . use a telephone jack that you know is in proper working order . 5. you may have a line problem . to test for a line problem , test your unit at another location . if your unit works at another location , contact your local telephone company .
quality park 4-1 2 x 6-1 4 photo envelopes with self seal closure , 24 lb white wove , ideal for 4 '' x 6 '' photos , invitations and announcements , 50 per box ( 10742 ) . quality park 4-1 2 x 6-1 4 photo envelopes with self seal closure , 24 lb white wove , ideal for 4 '' x 6 '' photos , invitations and announcements , 50 per box ( 10742 ) product description ( optional ) : 4-1 2 x 6-1 4 photo envelopes with self seal closure and premium 24 lb . white wove paper for a personal touch quality park has the social envelope you are looking for ! any 4 '' x 6 '' sized photo , invite or announcements will fit perfectly . they are constructed from premium 24 lb . white wove paper for a high quality finish . our redi-strip self seal closure provides an instant seal and is dust free , prolonging the life of the adhesive . quality park 's invitation envelopes feature the following :
ergotech triple lcd monitor desk mount stand with telescopic wings 3 screens up to 27 '' . ergotech group 's triple horizontal desk stand with telescopic wings supports up to three monitors and is designed for quick setup and effortless adjustment . this desk stand comes preassembled and requires minimal setup allowing you to mount your displays in seconds . our triple horizontal desk stand features ; tool-less design , patented quick release pivots - supporting up to 25 lbs each , cable management , 75mm and 100mm vesa compatible , legendary construction and industry leading lifetime warranty . this product is upgradable and can be fitted with vertical poles from 16 inch ( standard ) to 28 inches ( optional ) and quickly converts to a desk clamp , grommet , slat wall or direct mounting buy purchasing an upgrade kit .
vaultz locking storage clipboard for letter size sheets , key lock , black ( vz00151 ) . vaultz offers a wide range of fashionable security storage solutions , with an attractive array of storage products for just about anything you can think of . vaultz products feature sturdy , reinforced chrome-steel corners , metal support rails , and offer security with combination or key locks . they allow you to store , transport and protect the things that are important to you . the vaultz locking storage clipboard makes it easy and convenient to keep your notes secure ! it features a functional interior velcro document belt and mesh pockets for keeping the contents organized and orderly . the high tension exterior clip holds documents firmly in place for writing on the go . this full size clipboard has a sleek , slim profile , while the sophisticated black design with chrome accents works well with any decor . the keyhole grommet on the back enables convenient hanging from a wall or a door , and the key lock keeps important documents secure and protected . if it 's important , lock it up with vaultz !
canon pixma mx892 wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . superior resolution and speed for wireless1 home office printing.1-year limited warranty with instantexchange program . 1-year toll-free technical phone support bring incredible quality , speed , and ease of use to your home office all in the name of increased productivity . this begins with built-in wi-fi1 for printing and scanning virtually anywhere in your home from computers and compatible mobile devices . this also includes airprint2 , which lets you wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , iphone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . cloud3 printing capabilities , an integrated 35-sheet duplex auto document feeder , built-in auto duplex printing , and a dual function panel are just some of the features that can allow you to easily multi-task . this can bring office efficiency to all-new levels and reduce cost at the same time . superior 9600 x 2400 maximum color resolution4 and 5 individual ink tanks means incredible business document printing and efficiency while built-in imaging technology ensures the integrity of originals are preserved with each copy and scan . maintain security standards by utilizing features to prevent misdialed fax transmissions and keep scanned files password protected . the mx892 also allows you to turn your office into a photo lab and print beautiful , borderless5 photo lab quality photos up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' in size . your photo printing options now also include full hd video6 while you also enjoy computer-less printing through compatible direct print options . the mx892 delivers the tremendous business imaging quality and versatile solutions that will assist in bringing your business to the next level . so , you can print business documents when you need to and photos when you want to . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . * *a trademark of ziff davis , inc. used under license . reprinted with permission . copyright . 2012 ziff davis , inc. all rights reserved . superior resolution and speed for wireless1 home office printing speed & quality extraordinary resolution : 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi4 produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance individual ink system : this 5-color ink system consists of a pigment-based black ink , and four dye-based inks for business-quality text , colorful presentations and documents , as well as beautiful photos . only replace the color ink tank that runs out . beautiful , borderless photos fast : print a borderless , 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 20 seconds.8 chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.9 ease of use dual function panel : this streamlined control panel provides useful function buttons that transform into a keypad in fax mode for easier operation . fully-integrated , 35-sheet duplex auto document feeder : easily copy , scan and fax multiple documents without having to load them one page at a time . enjoy full integration so the printer can better fit in tight workspace areas as well as automatic two-sided copying and scanning . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this can reduce your paper consumption and cost by up to 50 % . 2-way paper feeding : to add to your options this feature lets you load paper from the front cassette or rear tray so whether your office or photo lab is open , you  re ready to print ! full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with compatible canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful prints.6 3.0 '' lcd : easily view , select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing . no downloading needed , just choose your picture and print ! auto scan mode : with one press of the scan button your original is automatically recognized and saved in the correct format.10 auto document fix : this built-in software automatically analyzes and corrects both text and image documents so text will remain clear and easy to read with pronounced edges , and pictures will keep their true color with highlights , shadows , and dots being smoothed out . connectivity built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly1 from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house . airprint : wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , phone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . there  s no software to download , no drivers to install , and no cables to connect . just see it , tap it , and print it ! 2 google cloud print:22 allows users to print from gmail and google docs on a mobile device , and from google chrome browser for mac , windows , linux , and chrome devices . with google cloud print , you can print from wherever you are , from applications you use every day . you can even share your home and work printers with anyone you choose . pixma cloud link : download and print office templates like stationary , check lists , calendars , memos , envelopes and more right to your pixma , without a computer . also print photos from the online photo album sections of canon image gateway and google picasa.3 built-in ethernet : this wired lan interface lets you connect to a home or office network , with connected computers able to share printer functions and display the printer 's status at any moment . super g3 fax : the high speed business fax11 standard for color and pc facsimiles on plain paper meets the home office workhorse with 100 coded speed dials and up to 250 incoming pages.12 mobile printing : the free easyphoto-print app lets you wirelessly print and scan jpg and pdf files from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , and android devices.7 memory cards usb pictbridge & optional bluetooth : print directly from compatible memory cards13 , usb flash drives 14 , digital camera , dv camcorder or camera phones via pictbridge15 , or the optional bu-30 wireless bluetooth16 unit-without a computer . additional features & benefits
rest-n-roll stnd-1 deluxe multipurpose carrying cart with built-in seat . rest-n-roll is an enhanced version of the traditional bundle buggy with wheels . the product has solid rubber wheels , a flip-down seat with a 300 lb weight capacity . the product has a large main pouch with ventilation holes and a smaller hot cold insulated pouch on the exterior of the main pouch . the handle is adjustable in height for comfortable pulling . rest-n-roll is an enhanced version of the traditional bundle buggy with wheels . the product has solid rubber wheels , a flip-down seat with a 300 lb weight capacity . the product has a large main pouch with ventilation holes and a smaller hot cold insulated pouch on the exterior of the main pouch . the handle is adjustable in height for comfortable pulling . the frame is made of sturdy powder coated , tubular steel , not aluminum . the seat is made of molded plastic so that it is very comfortable for extended periods . the handle is adjustable . the main carry bag has ventilation pockets built in . by collapsing the bag , the frame can be used as a cart to carry heavy objects . this deluxe model has mesh pockets on the sides as well as a sleeve to hold an umbrella .
obi202 2-port voip phone adapter with google voice and fax support for home and soho phone service . the obi202 works with google voice . it is perfect for customers who do not have a traditional telco phone service and want the savings and simplicity of using a voip service for all their calls . with its support for 2 independently configurable phone ports , support for many voip providers , the obi202 provides you with an abundance of control and convenience from the comfort of your home phone ( s ) . the obi202 is equipped with a 2-port router bridge with support for integrated quality of service ( qos ) . the obi202 may be installed in a variety of environments where an extra ethernet port is needed to connect a computer network behind the obi202 and or locations where upstream voice traffic needs to be prioritized above other types of traffic like web surfing and uploading pictures and movies . so many features ! - works with up to four ( 4 ) voip services - collaborative features which allow its phone ports to work together as a mini-phone system . - t.38 real time fax over ip - high quality voice over ip technology - built-in router with qos for voip traffic prioritization - usb port for use with obiwifi wireless adapter or storage device - obitalk web portal : the obitalk web portal allows you to manage your obi endpoints and your circle of trust . the obitalk portal helps obi users configure , add services and manage their obi devices with ease . - obion : iphone and android app integration - call forwarding on all calls , busy calls , forward on no answer - caller id name & number - call waiting - call transfer - block by caller id - automatic call back - do not disturb - conference calling - anonymous calling - message waiting indication - visual and tone based
hp laserjet pro m401dw all-in-one printer , ( cf285a ) . do more with your workday . set up anywhere in the office using built-in wireless networking , and share printing resources on a network . print on the go with mobile printing options . use business apps to access and print from the web .
hp laserjet pro m425dn all-in-one monochrome printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . a web-connected mfp for office productivity . print from virtually anywhere , using hp eprint , and share resources with ethernet networking . streamline workflow with access to business apps . save time with automatic two-sided scanning and copying
hp laserjet pro 400 m401n monochrome printer ( cz195a ) ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . hp laserjet pro 400 printer m401n
range kleen ss2 double step gray folding stool 19.5 inches l by 20 inches w by 17 inches h . the range kleen ss2 double step is an ideal addition for any room in your home . store this folding step stool almost anywhere and even take on the go with its super-compact , portable design . it supports up to 300 pounds with a rigid and sturdy plastic . get those 17.5 inches additional reach . enjoy even more stability with extra-wide steps that feature no-slip traction pads and rubber feet for added balance .
multi-purpose white hydraulic adjustable rolling stool w foot rest for massage tables , examination tables , office , medical and home use .
cotytech apple monitor desk mount quick release with clamp base ( dm-ca20-c ) . cotytech apple monitor desk mount quick release integrates fashion with function , delivering ergonomic performance with style . with weight capacity of 44lbs , this desk mount features 360 degree monitor rotation , 105 degree tilt , 360 degree swivel and 10.6 inch vertical distance height adjustments . the desk arm is designed with cable management to provide neat desk space . the monitor mount is ideal for classrooms , offices , homes , public area , industrial settings , production line and many more . this lcd desktop mount renders maneuverability , flexibility and a chic look that is sure to flatter your monitor . the single monitor mount boasts integrated strength through the latest engineering technology , and is tested for durability in our offshore manufacturing plant . the cotytech monitor arm has been built with the end user in mind , and features easy installation while offering intuitive , practical & functional design from one of the leading manufacturers of monitor mounts.designed for the following apple monitors : 24-inch imac ( aluminum and glass ) ; 27-inch imac ; 24-inch led cinema display ; 27-inch led cinema display ; 27-inch thunderbolt display ; if your apple monitor is not listed above , please contact us for solutions .
genius ring presenter - black finger mouse with laser pointer . ring presenter is a cutting-edge technology innovation , powered by the slimmest li-ion rechargeable battery design to protect the environment while you enjoy the fun you always wanted . also the smart battery-low detector flashes in blue when it is time to recharge . the ring presenter worry-free 2.4ghz technology provides a reliable working performance and the laser pointer can work at a distance up to 10 meters . introducing the world 's first ring-style thumb controller designed for business , travel , education and i-users . imagine being granted the power to effortlessly navigate through web pages and documents as well as exercise complete control over powerpoint presentations -- using just a finger and thumb . now take this concept a step further by enhancing your presentational prowess via a potent laser pointer function fully-integrated into this miraculous device . the revolutionary genius ring presenter makes this dream a reality and places all of this formidable power within your fingertips . with its patented touch control air-presenter technology , you command complete control over powerpoint slides , including the ability to access the play exit , last next page , and left button functions . use the built-in laser pointer anywhere in the room when performing a presentation . in addition , the ring presenter also features the in-air mouse function so you can use actual mouse functions like cursor movement , left middle right buttons , dragging and 4-way scrolling . the ring presenter is a great tool for browsing internet pages and documents in confined locations such as a bus , plane , or school lectures . the ring presenter is a cutting-edge technological wonder , powered by the a slim-line li-ion rechargeable battery designed to protect the environment while you enjoy complete in-air control over your computer 's content . recharging the presenter is a refreshingly painless process : simply plug the charging cable into your computer 's usb port and then into the micro usb port whenever the led low-battery indicator flashes blue . the ring presenter 's worry-free 2.4ghz technology provides a reliable working performance of up to 10 meters . the default resolution is dynamic , meaning that the resolution of the cursor directly corresponds to how quickly or slowly you move your thumb across the thumb pad . for example , the faster you move your thumb across the thumb pad , the resolution will increase accordingly . you can also change the dpi resolution to five different levels ( 250dpi 500dpi 750dpi 100dpi 1250dpi ) . ring presenter 's stylish , electro-plated finish is available in seven eye-catching colors : blue , gold , pink , purple , green , black and silver . genius ring presenter , usb pico receiver , cd driver , micro usb rechargeable cable , travel pouch , multi-language user manual .
learning resources now ! board main unit . turn any flat surface into an interactive whiteboard . it works in any room with any projector and a computer ( pc or mac ) , so you can take it anywhere . now ! board works with any of your apps and the existing materials you 've spent hours creating . it 's completely portable , budget-friendly and requires no training-start using it immediately .
proidmag magnetic badge holders with plastic back plate and adhesive tape , dark blue black , 10 sets ( naid1647 ) . 10 sets pairs of magnetic badge holders with back plate and adhesive tape . never use clips or pins to hold that badge to your garments again . these magnetic badge holders will not damage your clothing and are easy to use . one plate with 2 round rare earth neodymium magnets . one plated steel plate with pressure-sensitive foam tape . ( caution - magnetic device do not use with pacemaker ) strong magnetic badge holders . size : 1.75 inch long x 0.5 inch wide x 0.25 inch thickness ( approx . )
wolf sculpture on a brown handmade leather bound journal sm009 .
brother mfc-j835dw inkjet all-in-one printer network ready .
cheap cheap moving boxes wardrobe moving boxes , 3-pack ( 242440ward3 ) . our wardrobe boxes are ideal for hanging 2 feet of clothes . our wardrobe box is constructed with heavy duty corrugated cardboard for added strength and stability with a convenient front access panel and integrated hand holes for increased ease of use . these boxes are also great for packing large , bulky items .
casio fx-300es plus scientific calculator , black . casio 's latest standard scientific calculator features new natural textbook display and improved math functionality . fx-300es plus has been designed as the perfect choice for middle school through high school students learning general math , trigonometry , statistics , algebra i and ii , pre-algebra , geometry , physics . intuitive functions improved math functionality natural textbook
homcom mesh ergonomic home office desktop computer chair - black .
canon imageclass d1350 laser multifunction printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . robust multifunction copier delivers on mid-volume needs for copying , printing , and scanning , and faxing canon d1350 - black and white laser multifunction copier click on the `` + '' for more information . ( view larger ) the imageclass d1350 is part of the new d1300 series , designed with a legal size glass platen for the small to medium sized business user . it offers large and expandable paper handling with copy and print speeds of 35 cpm ppm . with a warm-up time of approximately 17 seconds from power on and first copy time of approximately 8 seconds , you will not have to wait around for your documents . when copying or printing larger jobs , your documents will print at up to 35 pages-per-minute . the larger paper supply ( including the optional additional 500-sheet paper cassette ) accommodates a variety of sized and types of paper up to 1,050 sheets . the d1300 series uses the canon single cartridge system , which means you need to replace only one consumable . it provides high quality black and white output that yields approximately 5,000 pages based on iso iec standards . easily create copies of your identification cards or other small documents like passports to keep for your records on a one-sided document . this feature instructs you how to place your card , and then aligns and prints automatically onto one page . the d1300 series is part of canon 's generation green program which highlights the company 's commitment to sustainability . you can reduce your consumption with canon 's efficient energy saving mode . the d1300 series use just 2.3 watts of energy during energy saving modea and meets energy star guidelines .
linkyo compatible toner cartridge replacement for hp 05a ce505a ( black ) .
purple cows hot and cold laminator , 13-inch , with 50 hot pockets ( 3027 ) . purple cows provides innovative tools to allow craftsmen of all kinds to take their projects `` to the next level '' . the model 3027 13-inch hot and cold laminator is perfect for all your home , office and creative lamination needs . with new technology , the heating elements are in the silicon rollers , eliminating the need to change temperatures for 3 and 5 mil hot pockets as well as ensuring a smooth even seal for your documents and projects . with the new technology this hot and cold lamination unit uses 50 % less energy to run . it 's fast - warms up in just 3-5 minutes , and you can get started laminating immediately using the 50 3 mil hot pockets that are included with your purchase 50 3 mil hot pockets are included- ( 5 ) 2 '' x 3 '' , ( 5 ) 3 '' x 5 '' , ( 5 ) 4 '' x 6 '' , ( 5 ) 5 '' x 7 '' , ( 5 ) 6 '' x 6 '' , ( 5 ) 8 '' x 8 '' , ( 5 ) 8.5 '' x 11 '' , ( 5 ) 12 '' x 12 '' and ( 10 ) luggage tags .
2xhome - large cash drawer , 5 sections for coins , 5 sections for bills with metal holders , 2 slots , heavy duty , 12v , micro switch , rj-11 rj12 , printer driven , black .
cartritech replacement toner cartridge for brother tn450 tn420 ( compatible ) . dcp-7060d dcp-7065dn intellifax-2840 intellifax-2940 hl-2220 hl-2230 hl-2240 hl-2240d hl-2270dw hl-2275dw hl-2280dw mfc-7240 mfc-7360n mfc-7365dn mfc-7460dn mfc-7860dw to create the best quality printing and compatibility , cartritech compatible dr420 drum unit is recommended .
epson ink maintenance box ( t671000 ) . epson wf-3520 3530 3540 3640 4010 4020 4023 4090 4520 4530 4533 4540 4590 4630 4640 5110 5190 5620 5690 ink maintenance box . the t6710 ( 00 ) ink maintenance box stores ink that gets flushed from the system during print head cleaning . your printer and its software will let you know when the maintenance box needs to be replaced .epson wf-3520 3530 3540 3640 4010 4020 4023 4090 4520 4530 4533 4540 4590 4630 4640 5110 5190 5620 5690 ink maintenance box . oem ink parts .
panasonic kx-tg1064m cordless corded phone with answering machine , metallic grey ( 1 panasonic kx-tg1061m & 4 panasonic kx-tga106m handsets ) . panasonic kx-tg1064m cordless corded phone with answering machine , metallic grey ( 1 panasonic kx-tg1061m & 4 panasonic kx-tga106m handsets ) enjoy clear communications and a long range with the corded base and 4 extra handsets included in this digital phone and answering system . engineered to work in a 1.9ghz frequency , this phone system boasts dect 6.0 technology , which limits interference from wireless household devices , including 2.4ghz routers , wireless keyboards and mouses , microwave ovens and other common items . silent mode allows you to set a phone to not ring during a designated time frame , ideal for a bedside phone . caller id , call waiting , call-waiting caller id and caller id redial let you see the number calling in , even if you 're already talking on the phone . save up to 5 names and numbers for speed-dialing friends and family members . keep unwanted callers from disrupting your day with the call block function , which causes designated numbers to receive a busy signal when they call . the corded base unit remains functional during power outages , so you can make and receive important calls during emergencies . speakerphone , up to 3-way conferencing and an intercom feature provide additional convenience . this phone system can be mounted on a wall to allow for a variety of setup options . product features : dect 6.0 technology resists interference with common wireless devices like 2.4ghz routers , wireless keyboards and mouses , microwave ovens and other household items for clear communication digital phone offers a long range and clear sound while deterring eavesdropping caller id , call waiting , call-waiting caller id and caller id redial let you see who 's calling , even when you 're already on the phone the package includes : 4 cordless handsets + 1 corded handset 1 keypad base with integrated digital answering machine . 4 belt clips 8 rechargeable nimh batteries 4 chargers 5 ac ( 120vac ) adapters wall mounting adaptor telephone cord and manual 1 year warranty
nemosine singularity fountain pen , fine german nib , velvet black ( nem-sin-02-f ) . the nemosine singularity is a convergence of value quality and performance . the resin body is lightweight and comfortably shaped . the chromed trims and clip provide an elegant touch of style to the singularity s design . the precision stainless steel nib is manufactured in germany and is offered in a multitude of point sizes for almost any writing style . every nemosine fountain pen is inspected and packaged here in the usa . included with the no-frills nemosine box is a set of ( 6 ) disposable ink cartridges a converter to be used with bottled ink ( bottled ink not included ) and an instruction booklet .
nemosine singularity fountain pen , fine german nib , demonstrator ( nem-sin-01-f ) . the nemosine singularity is a convergence of value quality and performance . the resin body is lightweight and comfortably shaped . the chromed trims and clip provide an elegant touch of style to the singularity s design . the precision stainless steel nib is manufactured in germany and is offered in a multitude of point sizes for almost any writing style . every nemosine fountain pen is inspected and packaged here in the usa . included with the no-frills nemosine box is a set of ( 6 ) disposable ink cartridges a converter to be used with bottled ink ( bottled ink not included ) and an instruction booklet .
offex mobile dry erase double sided magnetic whiteboard - 72 '' w x 40 '' h .
200 ecoswift 8.5x11 chipboard cardboard craft scrapbook material scrapbooking packaging sheets shipping pads inserts 8 1 2 inch x 11 inch chip board . ecoswift chipboard pads are extremely durable and lightweight to keep postage costs down while provided added shipping protection to envelopes and mailers . ecoswift chipboard pads are a great solution for scrapbooking , mounting and constructing .
dcx170 dect 6.0 cordless handset with caller id , silver , 1 handset . the dcx170 cordless handset has orange backlit lcd and a backlit keypad . it features digital dect 6.0 for superior clarity , security , and range . handset works with : d1760 , d1760-2 , d1760-3 , d1760-4 , d1760-5 , d1760-6 , d1760-7 , d1760-8 , d1780 , d1780-2 , d1780-3 , d1780-4 , d1780-5 , d1780-6 , d1780-7 , d1780-8 , d1785 , d1785-2 , d1785-3 , d1785-4 , d1785-5 , d1785-6 , d1785-7 , d1785-8 , d1788 , d1788-2 , d1788-3 , d1788-4 , d1788-5 , d1788-6 , d1788-7 , d1788-8
d1780-3 dect 6.0 expandable cordless phone with digital answering system , silver , 3 handsets . the d1780 series cordless phone with digital answering system features digital dect 6.0 for superior clarity , security and range . it has a digital answering system with a dedicated key on each handset for message retrieval when you see the message waiting indicator light . you can also retrieve your messages remotely . this phone has a 10 number speed dial and you can store up to 50 names and numbers on the caller id and up to 100 names and numbers in the phonebook . it has eco mode for longer battery life and the silent mode turns off all ringers if you want peace and quiet . this phone is expandable up to 12 handsets . other features include a handset speakerphone , orange backlit lcd , intercom and call transfer , 5 number redial , and a backlit keypad . with a built-in digital answering system and caller id capability , the uniden d1780-3 three-handset cordless phone ensures you 'll never miss an important call . this uniden phone uses digital dect 6.0 technology , which provides outstanding audio clarity , enhanced eavesdropping security , and excellent range , so you can talk from anywhere in your home or office with confidence . the backlit keypad and bright extra large lcd display ensure easy viewing and dialing , both day and night . with dect 6.0 digital technology , this cordless phone avoids interference from wireless networks and household appliances , giving you crystal clear sound . this technology also offers better security against eavesdropping and an improved range over other phone systems . the uniden d1780-3 cordless phone comes with a built-in answering system that records voice messages with crisp digital clarity . retrieve messages from the base or from any of the handsets , each of which features a message waiting indicator light . a large led message counter on the base tells you , at a glance , exactly how many messages are waiting for you . this uniden cordless phone has a built-in phonebook that will store up to 100 name and number entries . if you subscribe to a caller id service , the phone will store the numbers of the last 50 received calls to its caller id list . when the phone rings , you 'll see the caller 's name displayed . this allows you to screen calls and pick up the most important calls . in addition , the handset remembers the last five numbers you dialed on it , for quick redialing . with orange backlit keys and a matching backlit lcd display , this cordless phone with answering system makes it easy to dial accurately and to see who 's calling , both day and night . the phone 's user-friendly interface and large , comfortable buttons make it a great choice for any household . enjoy convenient handset controls with this uniden d1780-3 cordless phone . each handset has a speakerphone setting and a message waiting indicator to alert you to unheard messages . you can silence all ringers from a single handset . use the intercom feature to talk between handsets . you can also transfer calls easily between handsets . just press a button to place a call on hold and page another handset to pick up the call .
bestdealusa usb scan laser barcode scanner bar code reader with stand .
rca 25420 na 1-handset 4-line landline telephone . the rca 25420 4-line dect cordless phone is a great phone on it 's own but it is the perfect solution for building your own phone system . mix and match any rca 4-line desk phones together ( compatible with 25423re1 , 25424re1 , 25425re1 and other 25420 's ) and enjoy all the features of intercom , call management and more .
at & t ms2015 1-handset 4-line landline telephone . 4-line small business system desk set small-business phone with 4-line operation . view larger digital answering system with message-waiting indicator . view larger large digital display provides easy viewing . view larger 4-line small business system deskset great for a small or home office , the ms2015 corded telephone features 4-line operation , a digital answering system and a full duplex speakerphone that makes managing multiple calls easy . each station can be made fully mobile with the addition of a cordless handset or cordless headset . a lighted indicator for each line displays which is in use , and the 5-party conferencing feature allows for quick communication with up to four other parties . this telephone also features a phonebook directory , and 32-number speed dial , allowing you to quickly place calls using only a few buttons . and with space for up to 200 name and number records in the caller id , searching for a previous call is easy . plus , you can set the telephone to play music on hold to entertain callers while you switch between the lines or step away momentarily . this phone requires the ms2085 to operate .
at & t tl96271 dect_6.0 2-handset link to cell landline telephone . dect 6.0 digital connect to cell dual handset answering system
at & t ml17929 2-line corded telephone , black . the att ( r ) atml17929 two-line speakerphone has the most popular features , including 2-line operation , hold , memory match , 3-way conferencing and clearspeak ( r ) dial-in base speakerphone .
at & t ( 1740wh ) digital answesystem with time and day stamp , white . high quality dig ans sys , call screen digital answering system with time day stamp reliable digital answering system with message guard memory . view larger this stand-alone answering system records outgoing announcements and incoming messages on a microchip , so there are no tricky tapes or moving parts to manage . digital operation ensures reliable performance , instant access to messages , and the ability to selectively save and delete on command . stay organized with the time day stamp , which announces the time and day each message was recorded before playback . with remote access , it 's possible to listen to mail or even change your outgoing greeting by calling in from any touchtone phone . message guard memory ensures your inbox is available even in the event of a power failure , and 60 minutes of digital recording time allow you to save or receive messages without worry they 'll be cut off . plus , the unit features variable speed playback , so you can choose how quickly to hear your messages .
vtech cs6649-2 dect 6.0 2-handset landline telephone . high quality , durable , cord cordless combo , cid . corded cordless phone with digital answering system . view larger large buttons and intuitive control panel . view larger easy-to-read display for convenient call review . view larger 2 handset corded cordless answering system with caller id call waiting enjoy the freedom and mobility of two cordless handsets and the confidence of knowing the location of the corded handset with the cs6649-2 telephone system by vtech . handset and base speakerphones make hands-free conversations easy with the touch of a button , and a quiet mode feature silences the ringers immediately or for an extended period of time . caller id call waiting ensures you do n't miss those most important calls , while intercom and conference capabilities streamline in-home communication and eliminate disruptive shouting through the home . lighted keypads and large , lighted displays on the handsets make viewing and dialing easy . with up to 14 minutes of recording time , the digital answering system answers calls when you ca n't . plus , the vtech cs6649-2 can expand up to five handsets using the cs6609 accessory handset .
vtech ds65212 dect 6.0 2-handset landline telephone with caller id call waiting . high quality 2 handset , connect to cell cordless phone system loaded with advanced features . view larger convenient answering system with user-friendly controls . view larger 2 handset connect to cell answering system with caller id call waiting a sleek hub for any busy home , the vtech ds6521-2 cordless phone comes with two handsets , connect to cell technology , a digital answering system and handset speakerphones . with connect to cell , you can make and receive cell and landline calls with the ease , comfort and clarity of your vtech cordless handsets . no more mad dashes for the misplaced cell phone at home . plus , you can store up to 200 contacts from two cell phones . intercom , call-transfer and conference capabilities streamline in-home communication , cutting down on the need to shout to be heard throughout the house . with 14 minutes of recording time , the digital answering system answers calls when you ca n't . best of all , the vtech ds6521-2 can expand up to five handsets ( with the vtech ds6501 ) using only one phone jack , making it ideal for growing families and busy home-office professionals .
dcx309s dect 6.0 cordless handset , silver , 1 handset . the dcx309s cordless handset is a great addition to your phone system . it features a caller id call waiting display and orange backlit keys that are easy to read .
grandstream gs-gxp2124 enterprise 4-line hd ip desk voip phone and devices . gxp2124v2 is a next generation enterprise grade ip phone that features 240x120 backlit graphical lcd , 4 line keys with up to 4 sip accounts , 4 dedicated xml programmable context-sensitive soft keys , 24+4 xml programmable speed-dial blf extension keys , dual switched gigabit ethernet ports with integrated poe , 5-way conference , and electronic hook switch ( ehs ) . the gxp2124v2 delivers superior hd audio quality , rich and leading edge telephony features , personalized information and customizable application service , automated provisioning for easy deployment , advanced security protection for privacy , and broad interoperability with most 3rd party sip devices and leading ip pbx soft switch ims platforms . it is an ideal solution for enterprise users looking for a high quality , feature rich multi-line ip phone with many extension keys .
franklin electronics bes-2110 merriam webster speaking spanish english dictionary electronic reference device . whether you 're a student , professional or first-time traveler , this speaking spanish-english dictionary helps you learn english and spanish words quickly and easily . perfectly sized so you can slip it into your pocket or book bag , yet powerful enough to provide 5 million translations to build your vocabulary - and 4,800 recorded phrases to perfect you pronunciation . create your own personal word lists and dictionary entries by connecting the device to your pc or mac , download your entries - and take it with you on the go ! phonetic spell correction fixes your misspelled entries . it even has scalable fonts and adjustable volume control to ensure you 'll see and hear every syllable . demo included for step-by-step instructions .
post-it page markers , 1 2 in x 1 3 4 in , assorted bright colors , 50 sheets pad , 10 pads pack ( 670-10ab ) . page markers post-it ( r ) page markers in assorted bright colors and 1 2 in x 2 in size are perfect to mark documents to come back to later . the adhesive makes them stay put and lets you reposition as well . page markers let you flag your documents and have room to write notes later . contains 50 sheets pad and 10 pads pack .
hp laserjet 500 sheet feeder cf284a paper trays & drawers . extra paper tray allows availability of different media . reduce trips to the printer and improve work group performance . accessory type : paper tray .
mystiglo led open sign with remote control . mystiglo led open sign includes wireless remote ( requires 27a battery - included ) red letters with blue casing dimensions : 22 '' w x 8 '' h x 2.2 '' d additional features : energy efficient brighter than neon with the same classic neon look lightweight easy installation flashing option with multiple speeds
dell v525w wireless all in one inkjet color photo printer with scanner , copier & fax . bring home convenience and versatility
bankers box smoothmove cushion foam , 12 inches x 40 feet ( 7712102 ) . ideal for surface protection and cushioning of valuables . place between stacked plates , dinnerware , use to wrap picture frames , collectibles . wrap furniture legs to help prevents surface damage . after move , use to store ornaments and other holiday items . foam measures 12 inches wide x 40 feet long
rtx dualphone 4088 ( white ) ( skype certified ) . eu adapter
ricoh aficio sg 3110dnw gelsprinter wireless color printer . ricoh alicia sg 3110dnw gels printer color inkjet printer ( 29 ppm ) ( 128 mb ) ( 8.5 '' x 14 '' ) ( 3600 x 1200 dpi ) ( max duty cycle 10 000 pages ) ( duplex ) ( usb ) ( ethernet ) ( wireless ) ( 250 sheet input ) .
oajen gas cylinder for office chair 5 '' stroke , fits most office chairs with 2 '' diameter black pipe or chair base center hole . your chair probably is built better than what you buy today at the big box store . this is a premium quality gas cylinder for your tired office chair . how to take out broken gas cylinder : 1. flip the chair upside down then rest the seat on a stool or workbench . 2. use a pipe wrench to turn the chrome 1-1 8 '' pipe , once loosen remove it from the seat . 3. use a hammer to knock gas cylinder out from under the chair base . 4. put new oajen gas cylinder into chair base then put the seat onto the other side of the gas cylinder . use caution when replacing the gas cylinder . search youtube.com on how to replace gas cylinder .
monmount single lcd monitor vesa desk stand - height adjustable , black ( lcd-6410b ) . securely use your lcd monitor screen on any desk , allowing the flat panel to rotate 360 degrees . attach the stand using its weighted base , or directly bolt onto the desk ( screw through bottom of tabletop , into pole 's bottom end ) . this is a very sturdy all-metal lcd vesa desk stand . sit or stand : the screen can tilt up 45 degrees , so the lcd screen can be viewed in standing position when the stand is placed at a regular desk height . dimensions : height : adjustable from 7.5 inches to 9.5 ( from base to center of the lcd screen ) ; pole diam . : 35 & 42 mm. , inner & outer poles , respectively ; base : 12 inches w x 8.5 d ; lcd size : up to 25 inches diagonal width ( approx . 25 lbs . ) . features : bracket height easily adjusted with the rear knob ; screen can tilt upwards 45 degrees and rotate ( landscape or portrait ) ; easy torque adjustability , for smoother or stiffer operation ; color : black .
epson expression home xp-200 wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner ( c11cc48201 ) . designed for simplicity.the affordable , compact xp-200 has all you need for all your everyday tasks quality printing , copying and scanning . thanks to easy wireless printing , this powerful small-in-one printer enables everyone in the family to share one amazing performer . epson connect offers convenient mobile printing from smartphones , tablets and more . plus , the xp-200 is so compact and whisper-quiet , you can use it in any room in your house , even where space is limited . scan and archive important documents , quickly produce color copies , and use the image enhancement tools to get perfect photos , every time . when youre in a rush , you can grab your prints and go , thanks to durabrite ultra instant-dry ink . the expression home xp-200 even offers individual ink cartridges so you can replace only the color that you need .
rolland extra large office chair caster - 3 '' ( 75mm ) wheel - 7 16 '' ( 11mm ) stem - compatible with most chairs including herman miller . this extra large chair wheel is designed for one purpose that is to give you the mobility to move around on your carpet floor easily . compare to typical chair wheel , its wheel diameter of 3 '' ( 75mm ) is 50 % larger than standard chair wheels . its metal stem diameter of 7 6 '' ( 11mm ) is compatible with most office chairs sold in the north america market , including but not limited to herman miller aeron chairs . no special tool is necessary for the replacement job . just pull out your old wheels and snap these new wheels back into place . rolland ( tm ) caster wheels is tested to the industry ansi bifma quality standard . high quality assurance with 30 days money back satisfaction guarantee . *package contains five ( 5 ) wheels .
kodak p811r personal photo & negative scanner 8x10 '' photo size , usb 2.0 - red . the kodak p811 personal photo scanner makes it easy to share your favorite printed photos , from wallet size to 8x10 inches . also able to scan photographicnegatives , the p811 saves high resolution digital copies of all your favorite pictures to the included 4gb microsd card for easy sharing . the real kodak momenthappens when you share . includes kodak easyshare software to help you organize , share and print your scanned photos . scans printed photos at high resolution 600 dpi ( selectable to 300 dpi ) . ultra portable design and battery power allow the p811 personal photo scanner to go where you go , and make it simple to archive and share all your favorite pictures . easily copy to your computer with the included usb cable .
wolverine snap-14 photo scanner . the wolverine snap 14 megapixelis a powerful yet simple to use device to preserve all your old photos , 35mm slides and negatives forever . the innovative design combines a built-in color screen , internal memory and sd memory card reader to convert 35mm slides , negatives and photos into digital images in seconds and without a computer .
freedom talk 2-way voice alert 911 newest dect model emergency alert system . the worlds first 2-way emergency pendant communicator . so whether you are just checking in with a friend , need some quick help from a neighbor , or are in an emergency , your portable communicator pendant will allow you to communicate your message instantly and efficiently from anywhere in and around your home . all with one button activation . safety - carry the emergency call button all over your home and yard with you , even in the shower . save dollars - with no monthly fees you will save hundreds of dollars each and every year when compared to the cost of a monitoring service . save dollars - what is the cost of an ambulance trip and an emergency room visit ? by calling friends or family to help in the event of a fall you can save an ambulance trip and hospital charges . save time - save time when contacting family or friends or even 911 because they are called directly instead of being connected by a call center . minutes count in the event of an emergency . portable - take this system with you when traveling to family or another location . just plug it in and you are ready to go . comfort - provide comfort in speaking with someone in the event of an emergency instead of pressing a button and waiting for help to arrive . simple to use - with one simple button to press it is much easier to use than dialing a phone under stressful conditions . it 's simple for children to use and those with memory or vision issues . the possible uses and benefits are tremendous ! - superior voice quality - greater range - stronger signal ability to penetrate walls and floors - longer battery life - optional remote wall mount communicator compatibility - automatic pendant battery low , near empty and empty notification . plus you can answer incoming phone calls with the pendant - just like using a cordless phone - very convenient !
canon imageformula dr-c130 document scanner . easily integrate information into workflows with the canon imageformula drc130 document scanner . it reliably converts paperbased documents into highquality digital images and its compact footprint makes it ideal for any office environment . canon dr-c130 easily integrate information into workflows with the canon imageformula dr-c130 document scanner . it reliably converts paper-based documents into high-quality digital images , and its compact footprint is perfect for any office environment . the dr-c130 scanner is ideal for use by individuals or small workgroups for distributed scanning of a variety of document types . it can be used to integrate information into digital workflows , for activities such as process automation and information distribution , improving efficiency and collaboration . healthcare , insurance , legal services , education , and other industries can benefit from its use . canon ecarepak extended service plans are available for investment protection beyond the initial one-year advanced exchange warranty period . this saves on costs associated with post-purchase maintenance and maximizes uptime throughout the product life .
1-1 4 '' x 7 8 '' round hole adhesive hang tabs 1000 pack . this ht1501 round holed adhesive hang tab is made to hang a variety of products from retail shelving pegs . this medium duty adhesive hang tab is very easy to apply and very economical for displaying your products . the round hole hang tab maximizes visibility by allowing a vertical display . the size of the hole enables a variety of pegs to be used . this hang tab is supplied on sheets for swiftest removal and application .
brother genuine high yield toner cartridge , tn750 , replacement black toner , page yield up to 8,000 pages , amazon dash replenishment cartridge . the use of brother genuine replacement high-yield toner cartridges like the tn-750 not only produces sharp , black and white pages with the quality you expect from brother products it also increases productivity and can reduce downtime when fulfilled through amazon dash replenishment . the brother tn-750 replacement laser black toner cartridge is for use with 15 brother products . this professional cartridge is intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison without compromising the quality of the print . upon activation , amazon dash replenishmenteligible brother printers will seamlessly order brother genuine supplies through your amazon account and ship them directly to your door . the brother genuine tn-750 replacement high-yield black toner cartridge can print approximately 8,000 pages ( 1 ) . once youve ordered your replacement cartridges from amazon , you can feel comfortable knowing that brother has an environmentally smart solution . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . this replacement cartridge is for use with the following brother printers and all-in-ones ; dcp8110dn , dcp8150dn , dcp8155dn , hl5440d , hl5450dn , hl5470dw , hl5470dwt , hl6180dw , hl6180dwt , mfc8510dn , mfc8710dw , mfc8810dw , mfc8910dw , mfc8950dw , mfc8950dwt .
scotch thermal laminator combo pack , includes 20 letter-size laminating pouches , holds sheets up to 8.5 '' x 11 ( tl902vp ) . scotch thermal laminator 2 roller system accommodates documents up to 9 inches wide . warm up time is 5 minutes and has 2 temperature settings and has auto shut off feature . laminates 3 mil and 5 mil pouches at 15 inches per minute . includes cord storage , handle , and foldable input tray . safe for photos . includes 20 letter size pouches .
royal sovereign 9-inch laminator ( cs-923 ) . cs-923 9-inchlaminator , protect , preserve , and enhance by laminating . protect your important documents , photos , and more . accepts documments up to 9-inchwide . quick warm up - just 3 minutes . works with hot and cold laminating pouches . laminates pouches from 3 mil to 5 mil thickness . ideal for photos , menus , displays , luggage tags , business cards , presentation materials , id cards , placemats , bookmarks , and more !
scotch thermal laminator combo pack , includes 12 assorted pouches ( tl902e ) . this is a thermal laminator designed to laminate paper products up to 9-inch wide . the package contains one thermal laminator , plus 12 starter pouches : five letter size pouches ( tp3854 ) , four 4 x 6 inch size pouches ( tp5900 ) , and three 3 x 5 inch size pouches ( tp5902 ) . the scotch thermal laminator tl902 packs professional-quality laminating performance into a package compact enough to use in your home , office , or in the classroom . convenient and easy to use , this laminator allows you to protect frequently handled documents , preserve artwork , create teaching aids , and more -- uses are limited only by your imagination ! the scotch thermal laminator tl902 features a two roller system with two heat settings that allows you to laminate items up to 9 inches wide and use laminating pouches up to 5mil thick . you can laminate letter-size , legal-size , business-card size , and photo-size papers , all with crisp , clear results . this laminator is photo-safe and features a jam release lever to quickly release items if they get caught in the machine . weighing only 5.4 pounds and taking up only 9 inches of surface space , it is portable and easy to stow away when not in use . when paired with scotch thermal laminating pouches , you can be confident that your documents will look their best and important information will show through . the scotch thermal laminator tl902 is a great addition to any office or business . protect important documents , make id cards , laminate menus , create reusable calendars or organizational charts , and make signs and postings that last . teachers and educators will love the versatility of this machine . quickly and easily create classroom seating charts , teaching aids , instruction sheets , phone lists , class schedules , name tags , and classroom decorations that stand up to the rigors of the school year . protecting photographs and preserving children  s artwork are just the beginning of what this laminator can do . make greeting cards , holiday crafts , enhance scrapbooking projects , create and protect your own recipes , laminate your favorite sheet music , and make collages -- let your creativity run wild ! this machine can even laminate certain fabrics ! the scotch thermal laminator tl902 isn  t just for indoor fun . make sure fishing and hunting licenses last through the season , or protect expensive ski lift tickets and season passes from moisture . coaches can laminate play books , play sheets , and lineup cards to use when the weather gets nasty . take it to the garage and laminate vehicle titles and registrations , and keep instruction manuals from getting greasy or dirty .
cheap cheap moving boxes medium moving boxes ( 10-pack ) & roll of tape . medium moving boxes ( 10-pack ) plus a roll of tape ( 2 '' x 55 yards ) - top seller - this bundle & tape is the workhorse of any move . quantity : 10 medium moving boxes pro quality - certified 32 ect quality - 65 lbs . maximum gross weight capacity - made in the usa size : 18 '' x 14 '' x 12 '' ideal for packing most household items including books , kitchenware , clothes , linens , small appliances , toys and more .
kensington presentair bluetooth wireless presenter with red laser pointer ( k39524us ) . designed into a sleek , comfortable pen shape , the intuitive button layout controls powerpoint slides on windows devices from up to 30 feet away . the red laser pointer can highlight aspects of your presentation and the responsive , touch-sensitive stylus tip makes annotations a breeze . presentair stores in a handy carrying case and recharges via the micro usb cable . this is a class ii laser product with 1mw power output .
at-a-glance recycled weekly appointment book , 8 x 11 inches , black , 2013 ( 70-950-05 ) . classic styling and all of the planning basics make this a great scheduling tool for any busy professional .
gigaset a510ip dect_6.0 1 voip and landline hd sound cordless phone . on the gigaset a510 ip , you have the choice of either voip or fixed line calls to suit your needs . enjoy the convenience and flexibility of making up to 3 parallel calls . the handsfree talking function allows you to multitask with ease . all voip calls reach you in exceptional hd sound1 with hdsp1 technology . the connection to the internet allows you to access basic online information services such as the weather forecast , email notification or rss feeds via the gigaset a510 ip .
metaltex usa inc. daphne shopping cart , yellow . if you have ever labored to carry heavy bags or packages , you will love this daphne shopping cart by metaltex usa inc. great for packing up lunches and towels and head for the river , beach , park , or carrying your shopping bags from place to place with ease . features a fun pattern , side pocket to store your umbrella and a rear zipper pocket . sturdy folding metal frame with comfortable handle for easy transport . roomy bag with drawstring top . folds up for storage in your trunk or cargo bin . dimensions : 37 by 20 by 94-centimetre .
trinity ecostorage 3-tier nsf chrome cart . trinity 's nsf certified heavy-duty commercial grade ecostorage cart is perfect for any industrial , home , garage , or kitchen use . with an 800 lb . weight capacity on wheels , it can easily hold and maneuver any of your boxes , office products , tools and everything in between . assembly requires no tools and uses a slip-sleeve locking system allowing shelves to be adjustable in 1-inch increments .
canon pixma mx712 wireless inkjet office-all-in-one printer , 12.5 ipm ( black ) 9.3 ipm ( color ) print speed , 150 sheets capacity , 2 way paper feeding - print , copy , scan , fax . bring incredible quality , speed , and ease of use to your home office all in the name of increased productivity . this begins with built-in wi-fi1 for printing and scanning virtually anywhere in your home from computers and compatible mobile devices . this also includes airprint2 , which lets you wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , iphone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . integrated 35-sheet duplex auto document feeder , built-in auto duplex printing , and a dual function panel are just some of the features that can allow you to easily multi-task . this can bring office efficiency to all-new levels and reduce cost at the same time . superior 9600 x 2400 maximum color resolution3 and 5 individual ink tanks means incredible business document printing and efficiency while built-in imaging technology ensures the integrity of originals are preserved with each copy and scan . maintain security standards by utilizing features to prevent misdialed fax transmissions and keep scanned files password protected . the mx712 also allows you to turn your office into a photo lab and print beautiful , borderless4 photo lab quality photos up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' in size . your photo printing options now also include full hd video6 while you also enjoy computer-less printing through compatible direct print options . the mx712 delivers the tremendous business imaging quality and versatile solutions that will assist in bringing your business to the next level . so , you can print business documents when you need to and photos when you want to . what 's in the box mx712 wireless office-all-in-one printer document kit : cross sell sheet getting started important information sheet network setup troubleshooting setup software & user 's guide cd-rom warranty card ink tanks : pgi-225 ( pigment black ) cli-226 ( black cyan magenta yellow ) power cord print head sample media - pp-201 , 3 sheets telephone line cable
brother lt5400 optional 500-sheet paper tray printer accessory . brother lt5400 optional lower paper tray ( 500 sheet capacity ) , works with these models : hl-5450dn , hl-5470dw , hl6180dw , mfc-8710dw , mfc-8910dw , mfc-8950dw only
brother printer mfc8950dwt wireless monochrome printer with scanner , copier and fax , amazon dash replenishment enabled . the mfc-8950dwt is a monochrome laser all-in-one with wireless and wired networking . ideal for businesses with higher print volumes , it combines printing and copying up to 42ppm , color scanning and faxing . plus , it offers a 5-inch color touchscreen display , automatic duplex print copy scan fax , a 1,050-sheet paper capacity , and a super high-yield replacement toner cartridge for low cost output . legal-size document glass for scanning and copying bound materials the mfc-8950dwt is the ultimate monochrome laser all-in-one solution for businesses with higher print volumes . it combines reliable , low-cost printing and copying at up to 42ppm , high-quality color scanning , and faxing . in addition , the mfc-8950dwt features a large 1,050-sheet paper capacity , five-inch color touchscreen display , advanced duplex capabilities , and built-in wireless and gigabit ethernet networking . featuring blazing fast print and copy speeds of up to 42ppm , the mfc-8950dwt lets you stop waiting for your documents and move onto other important tasks . with the large 1,050-sheet paper capacity13 you can save time with fewer refills , and use the automatic duplex printing feature to help save paper and reduce costs . plus , single-pass , two-sided scanning copying faxing simultaneously scans both sides of the page . this feature allows you to quickly produce two-sided copies scans faxes from one or two-sided originals . the mfc-8950dwt also offers a five-inch color touchscreen display , which allows for easy navigation and menu selection and also scanning documents to your google docs , evernote , and dropbox accounts14 . and , for organizations concerned with security , the mfc-8950dwt offers several advanced security features including : secure print , secure function lock , enterprise security ( 802.1x ) , and more . eliminate extra cables via built-in wireless 802.11b g n networking . plus , print , scan , or pc fax6 via your gigabit ethernet or wireless network . for local connectivity , a hi-speed usb 2.0 interface is also available , and the mfc-8950dwt lets you wirelessly print from your mobile device via1 : airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , cortado workplace , and wi-fi direct . in addition , the mfc-8950dwt supports wireless scanning1 ( jpeg , pdf , web page , and e-mail14 ) from your apple , android , or windows phone 7 ( jpeg only ) via the brother iprint & scan free app download . the mfc-8950dwt offers document scanning and management solutions to easily share , archive , or edit your paper-based documents electronically . with up to 19200 x 19200 dpi ( interpolated ) scanning resolution , you can create high-quality color scans in a variety of file formats including : pdf , secure pdf , jpeg , tiff , and more . scan multi-page documents using the 50-page capacity auto document feeder or use the legal-size document glass for bound materials . enjoy a wide range of scanning options including : e-mail , file , image , and ocr . you can also scan documents directly to a ftp server or e-mail scanned documents directly to your e-mail server7 . plus , you can scan and save electronic documents directly to an internally shared location on your network8 for easy access to information . the mfc-8950dwt includes both twain and wia ( windows imaging acquisition ) scanner drivers and nuance paperport se with ocr for windows and presto ! pagemanager with ocr for mac for greater flexibility . the mfc-8950dwt ships with a standard yield 3,000-page3 toner cartridge that delivers a low cost per page . for an up to a 50 % lower cost per page , a super-yield 12,000-page3 toner cartridge ( tn-780 ) is also available4 . in addition , the mfc-8950dwt is energy star qualified and offers a deep sleep mode to help reduce your energy costs . you also can help save money by using the following features : 1. requires connection to a wireless network . see www.brother.com for details , availability , and mobile device compatibility . 2. pdf , jpeg , and xps files . 3. approx . toner cartridge yield in accordance with iso iec 19752 ( letter a4 ) . 4. requires additional purchase . 5. pdf ( up to ver . 1.7 ) , jpeg , xps and secure pdf files ( scan only ) . usb flash memory drive not included . 6. see system requirements chart on www.brother.com . 7. requires smtp pop3 mail server support . download from http : solutions.brother.com . 8. windows only . 9. pc fax receive not supported for mac os . 10. server 2003 2008 network printing only . 11. using itu-t test chart # 1 with jbig coding and std . resolution . 12. black and white only . pc fax receive not available for mac users . 13. maximum capacity based on using 20 lb . ( bond ) paper . 14. requires an internet connection and an account with desired service . see www.brother.com for details .
franklin electronics bib-950 speaking parallel kjv nlt life application study bible electronic reference device . franklin 's bib-950 parallel speaking study bible features the full text of both the king james version bible as well as the new living translation ( nlt ) life application study bible . hear the text of both the kjv and nlt bibles spoken in cd quality recorded human speech . our parallel bible features a unique split screen feature which allows the user to compare both versions of the bible side-by-side on the high resolution lcd screen . the life application study bible contains all of the notes , book introductions , outlines , study notes , charts , profiles , and cross references that has made it the # 1 selling study bible today . to further enhance your understanding of the bible we have also included the tyndale bible dictionary and tyndale 's nlt bible concordance .
simplyshred s4-14cp ultra quiet heavy duty 14 sheet cross cut paper shredder ( top-of-the-line quality ) - security level 3 . new 2012 model : this is simplyshred 's top of the line model . the s4-14cp is one of the most durable shredder you can buy . it comes with a 1-year warranty on the machine and a 5 year warranty on the cutter . this shredder is built to last for many years . specifications : application home , home office , small office daily usage up to 150 uses per day throat width 9.1 in . sheet capacity ( 75g ) 14 sheets continuous motor induction motor 10-12 min noise level 65db shredder speed ( fpm ) for one sheet 11fpm cut size 3.9*38mm led indicator yes cord wrap no shred type cross cut reverse yes forward yes handles staples yes handles paper clips yes handles credit cards yes handles cd dvds yes auto on off yes separate slot for credit cards yes full basket indicator light yes over heat protection yes product color black motor hp 220 w cutter material iron waste basket included ( gal l ) 7 gal 26.5l casters no other ( factory durability test ) 1000 pass sleep mode ( energy efficient ) yes standby mode ( auto mode ) yes whole unit dimensions 525*390*279 mm unit weight 12.3 kg warranty ( machine cutter ) 2 years 5 years
hp photosmart 6520 wireless color photo printer with scanner and copier . key specs product overview  produce premium photos and easily print from your smartphone , tablet or notebook  tap and swipe the 3.45 '' color touchscreen to easily print , copy , scan and access web content  save time and resources with automatic two-sided printing this product has print and share with notebooks or pcs on an existing wireless network , using the freedom of built-in wireless easily print from your smartphone , tablet , or notebook at home , work or on the go save paper and time using automatic two-sided printing access , store and print with the tap of a finger streamline workflow by scanning a document directly as an e-mail attachment directly from the printer 's touchscreen conserve resources with an energy star-qualified printer image gallery included features save on printing costs with individual inksreplace only the cartridge that runs out quick and easy wireless setup with auto wireless connect print impressive photos without using a pc print borderless photos and documents up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' get useful contentprinted when you want itfrom your web-connected hp printer . coloring pages , recipes , puzzles , coupons , news and more are included with your printer . just set your schedule and your prints arrive when you choose ! specifications iso laser comparable : up to 12ppm one-year technical phone support ; one-year limited hardware warranty . access to 24 7 award-winning support services remember original hp ink compare products iso : up to 8.8 ppm black , up to 5.5 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 21 ppm black , up to 17 ppm color iso : up to 8.8 ppm black , up to 5.5 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 21 ppm black , up to 17 ppm color iso : up to 7 ppm black , up to 4 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 28 ppm black , up to 23 ppm color iso : up to 12 ppm black , up to 8.5 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 22 ppm black and color iso : up to 14 ppm black , up to 10 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 34 ppm black , up to 33 ppm color download more info datasheet
lorell llr82825 nonstudded design hardwood surface 48 x 36-inch vinyl chair mat , clear . chair mat features a nonstudded design made specifically for hard floor surfaces . sturdy , 1 16 '' thick material protects wood , tile and vinyl flooring from wear and tear caused by chair casters . easy-glide rolling surface provides effortless mobility . lightly textured top surface is slip-resistant and scuff-resistant . design also includes a straight edge . free and clear formula produces an exceptionally clear vinyl mat that is non-phthalate , non-cadmium and bpa-free .
canon selphy cp900 black wireless color photo printer . high-quality , easy-to-use wireless compact photo printer the selphy cp900 wireless1 compact photo printer brings photo lab quality to your memories as built-in wi-fi opens up all kinds of wireless printing possibilities from almost anywhere in your house , and even beyond . the camerawindow app lets you transfer pictures taken with your powershot elph 320 hs or elph 530 hs to your iphone , ipad or ipod touch . and with the free easy photo print app , you can wirelessly print jpegs from your ios devices directly to the selphy cp900.2 print beautiful , borderless photos in vibrant color or black and white in postcard or card size . these prints will be water-resistant and can last up to 100 years ! 3 you  ll enjoy water resistant photo lab quality prints and have fun all at the same time . preview your images on the 2.7 '' tilt-up lcd and easily turn your favorite pictures into an art-inspired collage with the image shuffle feature . portrait image optimize automatically delivers face detection , backlight correction and noise reduction to your images while red-eye correction automatically reduces red-eye in flash photos for superb prints . another great part about the selphy cp900 compact photo printer is that you don  t need a computer to have fun - just print directly from compatible memory cards4 , phones , tablets and cameras . and print just about anywhere and anytime with its nb-cp2l optional battery5 . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . * *a trademark of ziff davis , inc. used under license . reprinted with permission . copyright . 2012 ziff davis , inc. all rights reserved . high-quality , easy-to-use wireless1 compact photo printer speed & quality high-quality prints : dye-sublimation technology uses heat to transfer ink to the paper , reproducing approximately 16.8 million colors for amazing pictures in both color and black and white . then , a clear protective coating is added which helps prevent against damage from light , water and gases so your precious photos can last for generations . fast , long-lasting prints : print a photo in just 47 seconds6 and share for generations ! photos printed from your selphy will be water-resistant and last up to 100 years3 . ease of use 2.7 '' tilt-up lcd : easily view , select and edit your images for simple , computer-free printing with this adjustable full-color display . no downloading needed , just pick your picture and print ! beautiful & borderless : print gorgeous edge-to-edge , borderless photos in credit card and postcard sizes . my colors : have fun with your prints as 5 colors effects are offered for added versatility : black & white , sepia , vivid , neutral and positive film . portrait image optimize : for automatic facial detection and correction , portrait image optimize optimally corrects images where subjects or faces appear dark due to strong backlighting . red-eye correction : images are automatically corrected for red-eye in flash photos and enhanced for superb prints . connectivity built-in wireless : new wireless1 capabilities let you print right from your computer or ios device2 . memory cards usb flash drive & pictbridge : do n't feel like using a computer ? no problem . just insert a compatible memory card4 into the built-in card slot , or a usb flash drive into the usb port , select images on the lcd display , and print ! thanks to a pictbridge connection you can also print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder or camera phone . optional battery : the optional nb-cp2l ( requires cg-cp200 charger adapter - sold separately ) is your path to truly portable printing power . add this battery and charger adapter to your selphy cp900 compact photo printer and you can print your memories right where you stand ! 5 usb : plug the cable into your computer for a fast connection for your data transfers . additional features & benefits
pacific image elect imagebox-mf film photo scanner . digitize your memories and share with friends ! the pacific image imagebox mf standalone scanner keeps converting your slides and negatives to digital files simple . the imagebox mf scanner requires no computer for use , and no software . simply place your original negative , slide , or photo in the scanning area , under the flip-top , and let the imagebox do its thing . you 'll be able to preview your scan on the built-in 2.7 '' lcd . the aforementioned media , up to 4 x 6 '' in size , will scan at a resolution of up to 12mp and save to an sd card ( not included ) . when you 're ready to transfer the files to computer for sharing or editing simply use the drag-and-drop method , via the sd card , and you 're good to go . unique flip top design scanning bed the flip top design scanning bed is good for scanning pictures from passport size photo to 4 '' x6 '' photos . it 's also good for scanning business card , receipts or anything you want to capture the image . full color realtime preview with 2.7 '' lcd screen you will be able to preview the scanned images on the 2.7 '' lcd screen . the built-in slide show function makes it very easy to review all the images you just scanned or stored in the sd card . the only compact design scanner scans medium format negative positve films the only small foot print scanner scans 120mm positive and negative films ( 6cm x 4.5cm & 6cm x 6cm ) with 560 dpi resolution . no pc required it 's the standalone unit functioning by itself . users also have the option to connect it with computer ( mac or pc ) if it is preferred . the scanned images will be directly stored in the sd card . bring images to projector or big screen the built-in tv out feature brings the scanned images from sd card to projector or big screen . users can run photo slideshow at the party , in the school classroom or in the living room when sharing beautiful memories with friends and families .
pacific image prime-film 7200u 35mm slide & film scanner with usb interface , 7200x3600dpi resolution , for mac & windows . keep your filmstrips but digitize them easily for years to come . the pacific image primefilm 7200 scanner from pacific image provides scanning of 35mm negative film strips and transparencies at up to 7200 x 7200dpi resolution . the higher resolution allows for enlargements up to 18 x 12 '' at 300dpi . the 7200 has usb 2.0 ports for fast data transfer and convenient computer connections . it works with both windows and mac computers , including windows 7 and mac lion . itcomes with a scanning software bundle to edit and restore images.. take your boxes of old 35mm treasures of slides and negatives and preserve them as digital files for you and future generations to appreciate . whether memories or art ( perhaps both ) , the pacific image primefilm 7200u 35mm slide film scanner does it for you . this is simplicity that you 'll appreciate . do it for you and for all the things to come .
brother genuine tn780 super high yield mono laser toner cartridge . brother genuine tn780 is compatible with : mfc8950dw , 8950dwt
brother p-touch easy hand-held label maker ( pt-h100 ) . the pt-h100 makes it easy to create stylish labels for your home and office . quickly access font sizes , styles , frames or patterns using the one-touch keys . portable , handheld design - perfect for on-the-go use . offers 9 font styles , 7 frames and more than 175 symbols - even print decorative , pre-designed labels from the deco mode or auto design formats . organize your wires and cables with the cable labeling feature . built-in memory stores up to 9 favorite labels . uses durable , easy peel , laminated tze series tapes up to 12mm wide - perfect for indoor or outdoor use . operates on 6 aaa batteries ( not included ) .
samsung electronics clx-4195fw wireless color printer with scanner , copier and fax . everything it does , it does well . introducing the samsung clx-4195fw . print , copy , scan , and fax documents with ease using the clx-4195fw multifunction printer from samsung . well suited for a home office or small business , this multifunction printer combines recp image processing technology with polymerized toner to produce sharp , vivid color prints . it prints up to 19 pages a minute and features a large color touchscreen for ease of use . a one-touch wps button , wi-fi direct technology , and samsung 's mobile print app let you wirelessly print from laptops , tablets , and mobile devices . recp image processing technology and polymerized toner formulation deliver clear , sharp , vivid prints . view larger . a maximum monthly duty cycle of 40,000 pages makes this printer ideal for small businesses . view larger . with the samsung clx-4195fw multifunction printer , you can produce high-quality color prints with ease right in your home office or small business . the printer features samsung 's recp ( rendering engine for clean pages ) image processing technology and polymerized toner formulation to deliver clear , sharp , vivid prints -- whether they 're graphics or text documents . along with professional-quality prints , the clx-4195fw delivers print speeds of up to 19 pages per minute , which means you spend less time waiting for your documents . other built-in features to hasten performance include a gigabit ethernet port , a 533 mhz dual cpu , and 256 mb of memory . a one-touch wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) button allows you to connect the clx-4195fw to your home wi-fi network quickly and easily . as a result , you can print from or scan to any computer on the network . simply press the wps button on your internet router and the wps button on the printer , and it automatically configures and connects to your wireless network . in addition , the clx-4195fw features built-in wi-fi direct technology , which enables it to connect directly to other wi-fi direct enabled devices without a traditional wi-fi network . available for the iphone , ipad , android and windows phone devices , the award winning* samsung mobile print app allows you to print directly from your mobile device to the printer . as a result , you can work smarter and faster without wasting time switching devices or transferring files . the app lets you print not only jpegs and pdfs but also the full suite of microsoft office files , including word documents , powerpoint slides , and excel spreadsheets . a one-touch eco button automatically enables several options , including printing in grayscale and skipping blanks pages . you can edit the default settings and even choose if it affects just the next job or all future jobs . and with samsung 's award winning** easy eco driver , you can further edit your jobs before printing to ensure you 're not wasting toner or paper . with easy-to-use setting such as remove images or bold text , the printer helps you save on toner and paper costs . this printer is compatible with computers running 32- and 64-bit versions of windows xp , windows server 2003 , windows vista , windows server 2008 , windows server 2008 r2 , windows 7 , as well as mac os x ( versions 10.4 through 10.7 ) , and various linux and unix systems . it measures 17.6 by 16.5 by 16.8 inches ( h x w x d ) and weighs 47.3 pounds . the clx-4195fw color laser printer uses the following toner and consumables : the clx-4195fw multifunction printer is backed by a one-year warranty . clx-4195fw multifunction printer , power cord , usb 2.0 cable , set of starter toner , waste toner bottle , driver software cd with digital user manual , warranty card , and quick installation guide . *the samsung mobile print app earned the 2012 `` outstanding mobile print app '' award from buyers lab , inc . **samsung eco-driver earned the 2012 `` outstanding achievement '' award from buyers lab , inc . ***toner yields declared in accordance with iso iec 19798 at 5-percent page coverage .
pendaflex copy safe project pockets , letter size , ice color , 10 per pack ( 99849 ) . translucent folders to see contents . sealed on two sides to prevent documents for falling out . polypropylene is wear , tear , and moisture resistant .
dell computer b1160w wireless monochrome printer . print with ease and efficiency with the compact , reliable dell b1160w wireless mono laser printer . it offers real value for any home or small office .
flash furniture medical ergonomic stool with chrome base . this backless stool is practical for any fast-paced environment . the small frame design of a backless stool makes it easy to maneuver around tight spaces with ease . this stool can be used in a multitude of environments from the classroom , doctor 's offices , hospitals , garages and workshops . the durable upholstery makes it easy to clean when working with liquids that can damage and stain your seat . the adjustable height and comfortably cushioned seat makes this stool a great buy to exceed your expectations . [ bt-191-1-gg ]
calculated industries 5070 electricalc pro electrical code calculator . ideal for electrical contractors , designers , engineers , builders , inspectors , electricians , and lighting specialists , the electricalc pro electrical code calculator ( model 5070 ) from calculated industries can help you solve tough electrical calculations in seconds and deliver those solutions in conformance with the latest national electrical code ( nec ) . the electricalc pro is a complete electrical reference tool that will save time and money . update to future code revisions with an easy-to-install kit . includes a rugged armadillo gear 360-degree flip-top cover protective case -- perfect for work out in the field .
at & t cl84200 dect 6.0 expandable phone system with digital answering system , 1 base , 2 handsets . general features  cordless and corded handsets  line power mode  dect 6.0 digital technology  large tilt backlit base display  intercom between handsets and base unit  conference between an outside line and up to 4 cordless handsets  50 name and number phonebook directory  compatible with at & t cordless headset5  voicemail waiting indicator6  last 20 number redial  english spanish french setup menu  table- and wall-mountable  mute  any key answer digital answering system features  14 minutes of digital recording  call screening  call intercept  remote access  message retrieval from handset  message time stamp
blake printing supply ink cartridge for inkjet printer , 12-pack ( 2 small black , 2 cyan , 2 gray , 2 magenta , 2 yellow , 2 big black ) .
deluxe zippered black leather 3-ring portfolio . when running a corporation , the organization of the businesspeople can potentially make or break the corporation . loaded with sophisticated features , the deluxe zippered black leather 3-ring portfoliois the perfect portfolio for keeping people organized on the go ! crafted out of soft black pu leather , with two front accent ridges , these 11.75 '' x 13.75 '' portfolios are sure to turn heads . the zipper closure opens to reveal an organized interior featuring a large memo pad , 3 ring binder , and large expanding file pocket . you also have a calculator pocket with velcro closure , cell phone pocket with velcro closure , 2 pen loops , and 6 cardholder pockets . perfect for men and women alike , these deluxe zippered black leather 3-ring portfolios are sure never to be forgotten . oozing with so many convenient features , these sleek and stylish portfolios are a must-have for any corporation . the high-quality and elegance of these deluxe zippered black leather 3-ring portfolios is sure to reflect back onto the quality service your business provides , swaying new clients your way !
cool toner 2pk 85a toner compatible for hp ce285a 85a p1102w toner cartridge 125 for hp laserjet p1102w m1212nf hp laserjet pro p1100 p1102 p1102w m1212nf m1217nfw m1132 canon 125 lbp6000 printer ink .
atlantic notebook tray ( 33935843 ) . atlantic 33935843 notebook tray
canon office products pcp-cp400 paper cassette . post card size paper cassette
onespace stanton computer desk with pullout keyboard tray . the stanton computer desk with pull-out keyboard shelf features a compact and lightweight design that is a perfect addition to any small home office , kid 's room , or any area that needs a work surface . onespace makes home and office environments more stylish , comfortable , functional and rewarding . with its comprehensive line of home and office furniture , onespace is continually improving how people live , work , and enjoy life today . onespace is part of the comfort products family of brands . headquartered in america 's distribution capital , memphis , tn , with a history dating back to 1919 , comfort products makes design and innovation affordable .
bluecell 50pcs 25mm split key chain ring w 25mm chain . these key chain ring great for connecting clasps , charms , links and other jewelry . no soldering is necessary because they work like key chain rings .
vupoint magic wand portable photo & document scanner with wi-fi ( black ) with 16gb card + carrying case + batteries & charger + accessory kit .
obihai technology obibt bluetooth adapter for pairing obi200 , obi202 , obi1022 , obi1032 . use your regulartelephones to make and receive calls via your mobile phone 's cellular service .
pixma mp230 - multifunction colour ( printer copier scanner ) - black . the pixma mp230 from canon is an inkjet printer , scanner and colour copier in one . the compact pixma mp230 is especially effective for photo prints.in 44 seconds , the pixma book delivers realistic images of 10 x 15 cm . compatible with a variety of devices , the pixma mp230 offers a maximum resolution of 4 800 x 1 200 dpi.with hdmovieprint and easy-webprintex software , the pixma mp230 multifunction is able to work from video or web pages .
dark brown textured leather checkbook cover . these dark brown textured leather checkbook covers are meant for top tear checks . check out the latest in brown leather checkbook cover which comes with a set of functional amenities . the textured leather checkbook cover has a set of internal linings that are matched with suitable fabric . the cover has an inbuilt writing shield for writing duplicate checks . there are even 4 slots for keeping credit cards , a pen holder and a window slot . the dark brown textured leather checkbook cover comes in a durable design that can last for years . there are other colors available than the brown . the dark brown leather checkbook cover is an ergonomic product that enhances your banking needs to the most .
planahead see it bigger telephone address book ; large print with tabbed pages ; assorted colors . planahead see it bigger telephone address book ; large print with tabbed pages . this large print telephone and address book brings ease and simplicity with large print & alphabetized tabbed dividers . the large print telephone and address book includes contact entries for phone ; address ; fax ; and email information as well as a password record section . the planahead see it bigger telephone and address book measures at 5.875 x 8.25. customer will receive one telephone address book in any of the following colors : assorted design colors : berry floral or black grid . color is random and can not be chosen at this time .
inkjetcorner 5 compatible pack ink cartridges replacement for pgi-225 cli-226 for use with mg5120 mg522 mg5320 mx882 mx892 ( 1 big black 1 small black 1 cyan 1 magenta 1 yellow ) . for use with ip4820 , ip4920 , ix6520 , mg5120 , mg5220 , mg5320 , mx882 , mx892
canon pixma mx439 wireless office all-in-one printer copier scanner fax machine . bring excellent quality , speed , and ease of use to your home office all in the name of increased productivity . this begins with built-in wi-fi1 for printing and scanning virtually anywhere in your home from computers and compatible mobile devices . this also includes airprint2 , which lets you wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , iphone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . an integrated 30-sheet auto document feeder , fastfront , and easy-webprint ex3 are just some of the features that can allow you to easily multi-task while your pixma mx439 is at work for all-new levels of efficiency . 4800 x 1200 maximum color resolution4 and the fine cartridge system means superb business document printing and efficiency while built-in imaging technology ensures the integrity of originals are preserved with each copy and scan . maintain security standards by utilizing features to prevent misdialed fax transmissions and keep scanned files password protected . the mx439 also allows you to turn your office into a photo lab and print beautiful , borderless5 photo lab quality photos up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' in size . your photo printing options now also include full hd video6 while you can enjoy computer-less printing through compatible direct print options .
fellowes binding machine star+ comb binding ( 5006501 ) . the fellowes star plus comb binding machine is an easy-to-use , light duty comb binding machine for the small office . manually punches up to 12 sheets at a time and binds up to 150 sheets with a 3 4-inch comb . vertical document loader ensures consistent punch alignment . efficient design allows user to punch & bind in a continuous manner . adjustable edge guide centers documents with ease . document thickness comb guide helps user select proper comb width . a convenient built-in comb storage tray keeps supplies handy .
canon imageclass d530 monochrome laser printer with scanner and copier . dynamic laser multifunction copier provides solutions for copying , printing , and scanning
canon laser imageclass mf4880dw wireless monochrome printer with scanner , copier and fax ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . powerful multifunction wireless printer combines all of your needs into one compact design canon mf4880dw - black and white laser multifunction printer user-friendly 5-line lcd and tiltable control panel for easy navigation . ( view larger ) with the single touch of the quiet mode button you can reduce the operational noise of the machine . ( view larger ) simple solution keys make scanning effortless and give the ability to use more energy efficient copying options . ( view larger ) the imageclass mf4880dw provides a high quality solution with easy to use , advanced features . this compact machine will fit anywhere in your home or office and offers great new technologies such as the tiltable control panel , quiet mode and simple solution keys . the added convenience of wireless capabilities give you the option to print from almost anywhere in your small or home office . crisp black and white documents arrive in approximately 5.8 seconds with canon  s quick first print while originals will output at up to 26 pages-per-minute . maximize time . a 250-sheet cassette , 35 sheet adf plus single sheet multipurpose tray means you spend less time re-filling paper . easily connect to a network through a built-in ethernet port , so everyone can easily share printing directly from their pc . with ip address filtering and mac address filtering , you  ll prevent unwanted users from gaining access to your network and your confidential data . print from almost anywhere in your home or office . easily create copies of your identification cards or other small documents like passports to keep for your records on a one-sided document . canon  s single cartridge system is a convenient all-in-one consumable that when replaced , rejuvenates the entire imaging process for consistent imaging quality . the intelligent energy saver mode reduces your power consumption to just 2.1w of power and this machine meets energy star guidelines .
canon faxphone l190 multifunction laser fax machine . dependable laser fax machine offers the convenience of faxing , printing , and copying all in one machine
canon laser imageclass mf4770n monochrome printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . powerful multifunction printer combines all of your needs into one compact design canon mf4770n - black and white laser multifunction printer user-friendly 5-line lcd and tiltable control panel for easy navigation . ( view larger ) with the single touch of the quiet mode button you can reduce the operational noise of the machine . ( view larger ) simple solution keys make scanning effortless and give the ability to use more energy efficient copying options . ( view larger ) the imageclass mf4770n is a powerful multifunction printer with speeds of up to 24 pages per minute , a quick first print time of just 5.8 seconds and a tiltable control panel that brings efficiency and usability to any workspace . the mf4770n also offers the convenience of networking via an ethernet connection so you have the ability to share printing , scanning and pc faxing . crisp black and white documents arrive in approximately 5.8 seconds with canon  s quick first print while originals will output at up to 24 pages-per-minute . maximize time . a 250-sheet cassette , 35 sheet adf plus single sheet multipurpose tray means you spend less time re-filling paper . easily connect to a network through a built-in ethernet port , so everyone can easily share printing directly from their pc . with ip address filtering and mac address filtering , you  ll prevent unwanted users from gaining access to your network and your confidential data . easily create copies of your identification cards or other small documents like passports to keep for your records on a one-sided document . canon  s single cartridge system is a convenient all-in-one consumable that when replaced , rejuvenates the entire imaging process for consistent imaging quality . the intelligent energy saver mode reduces your power consumption to just 1.3w of power and this machine meets energy star guidelines .
motorola bravo + plus or classic prop pager 900 150mhz . old school motorola bravo plus or classic pager on 150mhz . these are all black logos may change or you may get a pager with no logo at all .
royal p70 electronic pencil sharpener . easily clean up pencil shavings with the built-in-removal cup.view larger royal p70 electric pencil sharpener get to the point ! thanks to its heavy-duty helical steel blade , this electrical pencil sharpener quickly and efficiently sharpens pencils , as its nonskid rubberized feet hold it in place . plus , cleanup is a breeze -- pencil shavings collect into a cup that can be easily emptied when full .
listo 1620 - box of 12 - assorted colors - china markers grease pencils china marking pencils wax pencils . mechanical and refillable marking pencil . will mark on any surface , and wipe off any smooth , non-porous surface with a dry cloth . great for marking metal , wood , glass , cellophane , ceramics , stone , tile , freezer bags , etc . will write upside down and under water . colors include : black ( 2 ) , red ( 2 ) , white ( 2 ) , blue ( 2 ) , yellow ( 1 ) , orange ( 1 ) , green ( 1 ) and brown ( 1 ) .
generic lexmark 100 xl 4pk ink cartridge black cyan magenta yellow impact s301 s305 . generic lexmark 100 xl 4pk ink cartridge black cyan magenta yellow impact s301 s305
walterdrake lap desk . transform your favorite chair into a comfy lap desk that 's perfect for crafts , letter writing , crosswords , even meals . generously sized portable lap desk rests securely on chair 's arms without wobbling and includes two large elastic bands for securing papers . strong yet lightweight pressboard wipes clean ; includes grips for carrying . 31 '' lx12 '' w .
3 pack + 2 black of total 20 remanufactured 78 ink cartridges 78 t078120 t078220 t078320 t078420 for 78 black cyan magenta yellow light cyan light magenta combo set . ( 3 set + 2 black remanufactured 78 ink cartridges t078120 black , t078220 cyan , t078320 magenta , t078420 yellow , t078520 light cyan , t078620 light magenta ) the remanufactured 78 t0781 t0782 t0783 t0784 t0785 t0786 ink cartridges replace the original 78 cartridges . our compatible 78 ink cartridges deliver documents with high quality details and clarity . getting the 78 remanufactured ink cartridges is a cost-effective choice that will provide you with best quality and reliability at great discounted price . our compatible 78 ( iso9001 certified ) ink cartridges are thoroughly tested and inspected to ensure oem-equivalent yields and performance . the 78 t0781 t0782 t0783 t0784 t0785 t0786 compatible ink cartridges are designed to work with : stylus photo : r260 r280 r380 r580 r595 rx680
epson workforce wf-3540 wireless all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner , 2-sided duplex , adf , fax . prints from tablet smartphone . airprint compatible ( c11cc31201 ) . engineered for business . this hassle-free all-in-one brings you the worlds fastest print speeds , plus automatic 2-sided print copy scan . it features a 3.5-inch touchscreen , 500-sheet paper capacity , 30-sheet adf and rear paper feed for added versatility . workforce wf-3540 all-in-one printer print copy scan fax ethernet wi-fi why buy ? enlarge engineered for business the workforce wf-3540 is the hassle-free , high productivity all-in-one that brings your business the world  s fastest print speeds , plus automatic 2-sided printing copying scanning . this durable performer comes with a 500-sheet paper capacity , so you  ll reload paper less often . versatile paper handling features include a 30-sheet duplex adf , plus a rear paper feed to handle specialty paper including envelopes , labels and card stock . use the intuitive 3.5 '' touchscreen with gesture navigation to easily navigate through pc-free tasks . and , get up to 40 % lower printing costs vs. color lasers . the wf-3540 even includes wired and wireless connectivity for easy networking . plus , it features epson connect to print and scan from anywhere . keep your business running at full speed with the fast , affordable , versatile workforce wf-3540 . intuitive 3.5  touchscreen with gesture navigation auto 2-sided print , copy , scan & fax new & improved  2x the durability 2 front tray plus rear feed for envelopes & specialty media auto document feeder with color fax convenientreload less often with 500-sheet paper capacity efficientauto 2-sided print , copy , scan & fax versatile2 front trays plus rear feed for envelopes & specialty media connectivitybuilt-in wireless & ethernet networking ; includes wi-fi direct easyintuitive 3.5  touchscreen with gesture navigation fastworld  s fastest 2-sided print speed economicalup to 40 % lower printing costs vs. color laser professionallaser quality text ; smudge , fade & water resistant epson connectconvenient mobile printing from smartphones , tablets & more scan to find out morewww.epson.com m3540 print speed is critically important when buying a printer or all-in-one . but how do you compare print speeds when different manufacturers measure it in different ways ? now you can . much like  mpg  ratings on new cars , there  s now an industry standard for measuring print speed , which allows for an  apples-to-apples  comparison between different printer models and brands . the international organization for standardization ( widely known as iso ) developed this industry-approved and internationally accepted standard , specifically for inkjet printers and all-in-ones . it measures  out of the box  ( default ) print speeds using  real world  printing scenarios , so you can be sure you  re getting a product that performs at the speed you need .
epson expression premium photo xp-800 small-in-one wireless color inkjet printer , copier , fax , and scanner with auto 2 sided scanning , copying , and printing . prints from tablet smartphone . airprint compatible ( c11cc45201 ) . print , copy , scan , fax , photo , ethernet , wi-fi . designed for excellence.superior performance , brilliant photos and sharp text from a wireless small-in-one with auto 2-sided print copy scan , a 3.5 '' touchscreen with gesture navigation and epson connect for convenient mobile printing . epson expression premium xp-800 small-in-one printer print copy scan photo wi-fi why buy ? enlarge designed for excellence brilliant photos , sharp text , 2-sided printing , copying , scanning and more  you get it all with the full-featured , space-saving expression premium xp-800 small-in-one printer . use the intuitive 3.5 '' touchscreen with gesture navigation for easy setup and operation . always ready to print , the xp-800 features a dedicated photo tray , as well as an auto-extend output tray . and , with the 30-page automatic document feeder , the xp-800 can copy , scan or fax stacks of originals while you take care of other business . it makes it easy to take on any creative project with direct cd dvd printing , plus a rear paper feed for card stock , envelopes and more . featuring convenient wireless and ethernet networking , the xp-800 can be shared with everyone in the family . print from any room in the house . you can even print from your smartphone , ipad or tablet with epson connect . and , the xp-800 includes apple airprint and google cloud print support . it  s all at your fingertips with the ultra-versatile expression premium xp-800 . superior performance , in a small-in-one design stunning photos & sharp text intuitive  3.5  touchscreen with gesture navigation save paper & time with auto 2-sided printing 30-page auto document feeder with color fax specialty paper support for card stock , envelopes & more epson connectconvenient mobile printing from smartphones , tablets & more wireless printingshare one printer with built-in wireless & ethernet networking ; includes wi-fi direct easyauto-extend paper tray high-quality scanning4800 dpi scanning precisely captures your photos , documents & more worry-free handlingsmudge , scratch and water resistant photos pc-free printingprint photos without your pc with built-in card slots versatileauto 2-sided print , copy & scan amazingstunning photos & sharp text intuitive3.5  touchscreen with gesture navigation createspecialty paper support & direct cd dvd printing print speed is critically important when buying a printer or all-in-one . but how do you compare print speeds when different manufacturers measure it in different ways ? now you can . much like  mpg  ratings on new cars , there  s now an industry standard for measuring print speed , which allows for an  apples-to-apples  comparison between different printer models and brands . the international organization for standardization ( widely known as iso ) developed this industry-approved and internationally accepted standard , specifically for inkjet printers and all-in-ones . it measures  out of the box  ( default ) print speeds using  real world  printing scenarios , so you can be sure you  re getting a product that performs at the speed you need .
epson expression premium xp-600 small-in-one printer - epson c11cc47201 . print , copy , scan , photo , wi-fi . designed for excellence.superior performance from a small-in-one that delivers stunning photos , sharp text , auto 2-sided printing , a 2.5 '' lcd plus touch panel and epson connect for convenient mobile printing . epson expression premium xp-600 small-in-one printer print copy scan photo wi-fi why buy ? enlarge designed for excellence get stunning photos and sharp text  all from one compact performer , the ultra-versatile expression premium xp-600 . always ready to print , it features a dedicated photo tray . save paper with automatic 2-sided printing . or , print photos pc-free with the built-in card slots and easy-to-use 2.5 '' lcd plus touch panel . get creative with direct cd dvd printing . featuring convenient wireless technology , the xp-600 makes it easy to print from anywhere in your home . you can even print from your smartphone , ipad or tablet with epson connect . and , the xp-600 includes apple airprint and google cloud print support . superior performance , in a small-in-one design stunning photos & sharp text pc-free printing with built-in card slots save paper with auto 2-sided printing always ready to print with dedicated photo tray direct cd dvd printing epson connectconvenient mobile printing from smartphones , tablets & more wireless printingeasily print from anywhere in your home 2.5  lcdpeview , edit & print photos , all without your pc high-quality scanning2400 dpi scanning precisely captures your photos , documents & more worry-free handlingsmudge , scratch and water resistant photos perfect photosauto photo correction & red eye removal amazingstunning photos & sharp text createdirect cd dvd printing print speed is critically important when buying a printer or all-in-one . but how do you compare print speeds when different manufacturers measure it in different ways ? now you can . much like  mpg  ratings on new cars , there  s now an industry standard for measuring print speed , which allows for an  apples-to-apples  comparison between different printer models and brands . the international organization for standardization ( widely known as iso ) developed this industry-approved and internationally accepted standard , specifically for inkjet printers and all-in-ones . it measures  out of the box  ( default ) print speeds using  real world  printing scenarios , so you can be sure you  re getting a product that performs at the speed you need .
t-33 russian english electronic dictionary text translator . the t-33 , russian is a revolutionary , expandable pocket text translator & dictionary ..it translates full sentences from english to russian or russian to english with 70 % to 100 % accuracy.. ! the sophisticated algorithm is combined with built in large amount of professional database.. hundred of thousands words and phrases this product is designed for learners , travelers and business people regardless of your proficiency.. english speakers to learn russian or russian speakers to learn english . it runs fully autonomously , no internet connection is necessary and can therefore be used at any time & anywhere .
t-33 french english electronic dictionary talking text translator . the t-33 , french is a revolutionary , expandable pocket text translator & dictionary ..it translates full sentences from english to french or french to english with 70 % to 100 % accuracy.. ! the sophisticated algorithm is combined with built in large amount of professional database.. hundred of thousands words and phrases this product is designed for learners , travelers and business people regardless of your proficiency.. english speakers to learn french or french speakers to learn english . it runs fully autonomously , no internet connection is necessary and can therefore be used at any time & anywhere .
t-33 german english electronic dictionary talking text translator . the t-33 , german is a revolutionary , expandable pocket text translator & dictionary ..it translates full sentences from english to german or german to english with 70 % to 100 % accuracy.. ! the sophisticated algorithm is combined with built in large amount of professional database.. hundred of thousands words and phrases this product is designed for learners , travelers and business people regardless of your proficiency.. english speakers to learn german or german speakers to learn english . it runs fully autonomously , no internet connection is necessary and can therefore be used at any time & anywhere .
fellowes powershred 60cs 10-sheet cross-cut paper and credit card shredder with safesense technology ( 4606001 ) . the fellowes powershred 60cs cross-cut shredder can shred up to 10 sheets of paper per pass into 302 ( 5 32 x 2 security level p-4 ) cross-cut particles . this machine also safely shreds cds dvds , credit cards , staples , paper clips and junk mail . to protect more than your identity , the patented safesense technology is designed with an electronic safety sensor that surrounds the paper entry and automatically disables the shredder when hands touch the paper opening . with the ability to shred for up to 6 minutes before a cool down period is needed , the 60cs is ideal for personal deskside use and includes a 6-gallon lift-off head . backed by a worry-free 1-year product and service warranty plus a 5-year cutter warranty . 16.06 '' h x 9.19 '' w x 14.63 '' d
fellowes powershred 73ci 100 % jam proof medium , duty cross , cut shredder , 12 sheet capacity , black dark silver ( 4601001 ) . the fellowes powershred 73ci cross-cut shredder can shred up to 12 sheets of paper per pass into 397 ( 5 32 x 1-1 2 security level p-4 ) cross-cut particles . this machine also safely shreds cds dvds , credit cards , staples , and paper clips . achieve hassle-free shredding with all of the features the 73ci has to offer . get three levels of advanced jam prevention with fellowes 100 % jam proof system which eliminates paper jams , powers through tough jobs and maximizes productivity . to protect more than your identity , the patented safesense technology is designed with an electronic safety sensor that surrounds the paper entry and automatically disables the shredder when hands touch the paper opening . also , the 73cis quiet operation technology and energy savings system allow this machine to integrate easily to any environment . with the ability to shred for up to 10 minutes before a cool down period is needed , the 73ci is ideal for personal deskside use and includes a 6-gallon pull-out bin . backed by a worry-free 1-year product and service warranty plus a 5-year cutter warranty . 21.25 h x 15.50 w x 11.31 d fellowes powershred
panasonic dect 6.0 plus 4-handset cordless phone system with link-to-cell , silver . the panasonic kx-tg254sk expandable , digital , cordless telephone features dect 6.0 plus technology . aside from the outstanding range and voice clarity provided to you via the dect 6.0 technology , this phone also carries a digital answering system . with panasonic text-to-speech technology the caller id information is announced once the phone rings . the silent mode feature turns off the handset ringer when needed . the panasonic kx-tg254sk can support up to 6 handsets . iphone integration enables ringtone matching and transfer - you 'll now be able to hear that ios jingle through any connected handset . dect 6.0 plus technology takes the superb sound quality and outstanding range of dect 6.0 phones to a whole new level . by increasing the frequency of error correction up to 80x , the transmission quality is improved and the phones range is extended . engineered to work in 1.9ghz frequency , our dect 6.0 phones wont conflict with common wireless devices such as 2.4ghz routers , wireless keyboards and mice , microwave ovens and other household items . and because its digital , you 'll enjoy long range and clear sound while deterring eavesdropping . kx-tg254sk features : dect 6.0 plus technology ( 1.9ghz ) interference-free & wide range 30 % more battery life voicemail compatibility exclusive panasonic talking features - talking caller id expandable up to 6 handsets 18 minute digital answering system - call screening intercept - remote access - toll saver ( rings adjust when you have messages ) intelligent eco-mode silent mode bluetooth headset capability 1.8 '' backlit lcd display lighted keypad link-to-cell bluetooth 50 station name number caller id memory 50 station phone directory dialer call block 3-way conferencing message waiting indicator 3-step volume control 6-step off ringer volume control handset base ringer id panasonic kx-tg254sk includes : 1 base cordless handset 3 cordless handsets chargers
sourcingbay m281 gsm wireless telephone for home office , support 2g gsm mobile network , with sms , call logs , alarm , phonebook , redial function . ideal gsm cordless telephone for home or officethis cost-effective cordless telephone allows users to get connected to voice communications using the mobile phone network , instead of landline . after inserted 2g sim card and charged battery , you can make and receive calls , as well as messages . features : 1 , cordless telephones , large easy-to-read 2.4 inches lcd screen with backlight . 2 , powerful capacity of signals receiving , steady performance ; 3 , calls lock ; clear talking setting ; 4 , user-friendly interface , easy to use 5 , low consumption , energy saving . comes with wall charger and rechargable 650mah battery ; 6 , dimensions : h:190 x w:210 : d:65 ( mm ) ; 7 , support alarm clock ; contacts ; message ; calls logs ; last number redial ; up to 300 phone numberskindly note ( important ) : a. only work for gsm network ( gsm850 900 1800 1900mhz ) .please make sure your sim card is satisfied with these 2 requirements : 1. support gsm 2. compatible with 2g network . please confirm with sim card seller if your sim card meets above 2 requirements . b. the working status is highly related to the network signal condition . it is normal that sometimes signal is weak . it can not be judged as defective telephone in this case . you may wait a while or move your location to get stronger signal.c . the antenna is built-in , no external antenna is needed.d.do not use the telephone in the hos-gas station , oil-storage factory , chemical factory or other places where the wireless products are prohibited . e. do not put the cordless phone under high temperature or water environment . d. do not use this unit in designated 'no service ' area or remote location where signal is weak.package contents : 1* gsm cordless phone ; 1*ac power adapter and dock ; 1*li-ion battery ; 1*english user manual .
hp photosmart 7520 cz045a wireless color touch screen e-all-in-one printers with duplex printing . print documents and photos , make copies and scans , send faxes , access the web , and print on the go with this wireless e-all-in-one . scan everyday documents and photos straight to e-mail , and scan multiple files to a single document . do more in less time with the automatic document feeder and fast print speeds . use the convenient memory card slots or easy-access usb port to print photos at the e-all-in-one . print from a smartphone or tablet with hp eprint , and print from a wireless devicewithout a network . consume up to 50 % less paper , using automatic two-sided printing and copying . print technology : inkjet maximum print speed black : 34 ppm maximum print speed color : 33 ppm .
verifone vx 520 dual com 160 mb credit card machine , emv ( europay , mastercard , visa ) and nfc ( near field communication ) or contactless , dial up and internet connectivity . the vx 520 is a reliable , rugged countertop device that 's built to last . it handles encryption , decryption and processing at lightning speeds thanks to its powerful processor and expandable memory . integrated nfc capabilities support alternative payments and also supports value-added applications such as loyalty or gift card acceptance . a full range of connectivity options , from dial to dial plus ethernet , with an optional battery allows the vx 520 to go wherever you go . a uniquely designed communication port area underneath the device keeps countertops neat and free of clutter .
canon pixma pro-10 color professional inkjet photo printer . professional wireless photo printer with 10-ink pigment based system with chroma optimizer as a photographer , you take care to capture the best images possible and you want those images to look as good as you remember when you print them . the pixma pro-10 wireless1 professional inkjet printer makes that possible with features that ensure incredible output . a new 10-color lucia pigment ink system features three black inks for amazing monochrome prints , and a chroma optimizer to ensure the inks lay smooth on the paper which reduces metamerism and bronzing . since the lucia inks are pigment based , your prints will have incredible longevity and phenomenal photo vividness . the pixma pro-10 shares technology with the rest of the pixma pro line utilizing the optimum image generating system to ensure what you envision is exactly what you get . the oig system analyzes each area of the print and chooses the best ink mixture so you see the colors you expect to see in your print . the new print studio pro2 plug-in software makes it even easier to get amazing results from your favorite photo applications . add to that connectivity options like wi-fi , ethernet and usb and you have a professional machine that easily fits into your workflow that you can place anywhere around the studio . for media support , the pixma pro-10 features two paper trays . a rear tray for a variety of fine art and glossy photo papers , and a manual slot for thicker media to meet your printing needs . the pro-10 won the 2013 technical image press association ( tipa ) best expert photo printer award . print your vision up to 13 '' x 19 '' : print professional quality photos on various media up to 13 '' x 19 '' . professional quality , built-in : canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) features a patented print head that enables printing with microscopic droplets and high resolution up to 4800 x 2400 dpi.3 true monochrome prints : the 3 monochrome inks which are part of the 10-ink lucia system consist of photo black , matte black , and gray . these inks deliver enhanced , deep black density to raise your level of professional print quality when creating the dramatic expression of grayscale photography . the premium lucia monochrome inks work together with the chroma optimizer to reduce the effect of bronzing . as a result , your printed photos will have expanded dynamic range , especially in the darker or shadow areas of the image . uniform ink height : the chroma optimizer brings uniform ink height over the printed image and regulates surface reflection . this maintains the natural color and integrity of your printed photos . optimum analysis and mixture of color : the optimum image generating ( oig ) system utilizes two major technologies that were first introduced in the pixma pro-1 . the first is a sophisticated mixing balance of inks determined from numerous ink combinations and advanced analysis . during this analysis , the oig system carefully calculates the best results for each print mode and paper type used while looking at various image factors including color reproduction , tonal gradations , black density , low graininess , glossiness , anti-bronzing and anti-metamerism . these critical ink balancing principles are derived from canon 's expertise in imaging technology , as well as the familiar colors of life that people see and remember on a daily basis . the second is the balancing of color reproduction , tonal gradations , and uniform glossiness . the genius and power of the oig system is truly showcased when your image is printed , exhibited , and is seen exactly as you envisioned it . pro printing : the powerful print studio pro plug-in software2 provides professional photographers effective printing solutions and can directly hand-over image data . print studio pro is compatible with digital photo professional ( ver 2.1 or later ) , adobe photoshop cs , adobe photoshop elements , and adobe photoshop lightroom . versatile paper handling : two-way paper feeding provides a rear tray for most supported media types and a dedicated manual feed in the back of the printer for easy loading of thicker papers . built-in cd and dvd printing : conveniently print onto your printable cd , dvd or blu-ray discs and jackets . built-in wi-fi : the built-in wi-fi1 gives you the freedom to place the printer where it  s convenient and allows multiple users to seamlessly print from several computers . airprint : enables you to print photos , email , web pages and documents from your apple device directly to your printer - without installing a driver.4 computer-free printing : a pictbridge connection lets you print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder , or camera phone . computer-free printing : a pictbridge connection lets you print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder , or camera phone . hi-speed usb : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . compatibility windows 7 , windows 7 sp1 , windows vista sp1 , vista sp2 , windows xp sp3 32-bit5 mac os x v10.5.8 , 10.6 , 10.75 what 's in the box pixma pro-10 wireless professional inkjet printer cd dvd disc printing tray manuals and other documents setup cd-rom setup ink tanks power cord print head usb cable
canon pixma pro-100 wireless color professional inkjet printer with airprint and mobile device printing ( 6228b002 ) . professional wireless photo printer with 8 dye based color inks for colorful and vivid prints it  s time to step up to the large format , professional quality printer you  ve been dreaming about . the pixma pro-100 wireless1 professional inkjet printer possesses the functionality and technology you need to achieve high-quality output so your prints can look as good as the images you capture . the 8-ink dye based chromalife100+ system provides you with an amazing color gamut so your prints will look as vivid as you remember . the pixma pro-100 shares technology with the rest of the pixma pro line utilizing the optimum image generating system to ensure what you envision is exactly what you get . the oig system analyzes each area of the print and chooses the best ink mixture so you see the colors you expect to see in your print . the new print studio pro2 plug-in software makes it even easier to get amazing results from your favorite photo applications . add to that connectivity options like wi-fi , ethernet and usb and you have a professional machine that easily fits into your workflow that you can place anywhere around the studio . for media support , the pixma pro-100 features two paper trays . a rear tray for a variety of fine art and glossy photo papers , and a manual slot for thicker media to meet your printing needs . print your vision up to 13 '' x 19 '' : print professional quality photos on various media up to 13 '' x 19 '' . professional quality , built-in : canon full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) features a patented print head that enables printing with microscopic droplets and high resolution up to 4800 x 2400 dpi.3 true monochrome prints : the 3 monochrome inks which are part of the 8-ink chromalife100+ system5 consist of black , gray , and light gray . these inks deliver enhanced , deep black density to raise your level of professional print quality when creating the dramatic expression of grayscale photography . uniform ink height : the chroma optimizer brings uniform ink height over the printed image and regulates surface reflection . this maintains the natural color and integrity of your printed photos . optimum analysis and mixture of color : the optimum image generating ( oig ) system utilizes two major technologies that were first introduced in the pixma pro-1 . the first is a sophisticated mixing balance of inks determined from numerous ink combinations and advanced analysis . during this analysis , the oig system carefully calculates the best results for each print mode and paper type used while looking at various image factors including color reproduction , tonal gradations , black density , and low graininess . these critical ink balancing principles are derived from canon 's expertise in imaging technology , as well as the familiar colors of life that people see and remember on a daily basis . the second is the balancing of color reproduction , tonal gradations , and uniform glossiness . the genius and power of the oig system is truly showcased when your image is printed , exhibited , and is seen exactly as you envisioned it . pro printing : the powerful print studio pro plug-in software2 provides professional photographers effective printing solutions and can directly hand-over image data . print studio pro is compatible with digital photo professional ( ver 2.1 or later ) , adobe photoshop cs , adobe photoshop elements , and adobe photoshop lightroom . versatile paper handling : two-way paper feeding provides a rear tray for most supported media types and a dedicated manual feed in the back of the printer for easy loading of thicker papers . built-in cd and dvd printing : conveniently print onto your printable cd , dvd or blu-ray discs and jackets . built-in wi-fi : the built-in wi-fi1 gives you the freedom to place the printer where it  s convenient and allows multiple users to seamlessly print from several computers . airprint : enables you to print photos , email , web pages and documents from your apple device directly to your printer - without installing a driver.4 computer-free printing : a pictbridge connection lets you print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder , or camera phone . computer-free printing : a pictbridge connection lets you print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder , or camera phone . hi-speed usb : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . compatibility windows 7 , windows 7 sp1 , windows vista sp1 , vista sp2 , windows xp sp3 32-bit6 mac os x v10.5.8 , 10.6 , 10.76 what 's in the box pixma pro-100 wireless professional inkjet printer cd dvd disc printing tray manuals and other documents setup cd-rom setup ink tanks power cord print head usb cable
brother ads2500w document scanner . the imagecenter ads-2500w is a networked ( both wireless and ethernet ) desktop two-sided color scanner that is ideal for small to medium sized businesses and departmental workgroups . its highly versatile scanning ability allows it to handle paper documents , business cards , plastic id cards ( healthcare , drivers license ) , receipts with widths up to 8.5 and up to 34 in length . scan-to destinations include : e-mail , e-mail server , ftp , network folder , file , image , ocr , usb memory flash drive1 , android phone and tablet2 and web ( cloud ) scanning3 . the included software makes the imagecenter ads-2500w a powerful scanning package : 1. additional purchase required , usb memory flash drive not included2 . requires android cable supplied with phone or tablet3 . requires internet connectivity and enrollment in a cloud service . additional purchase may be required . 4. based on internal testing , scanning to image , with all advanced features turned off , at 200dpi or 300dpi .
brother genuine high yield color ink cartridge , lc1033pks , replacement color ink three pack , includes 1 cartridge each of cyan , magenta & yellow , page yield up to 600 pages cartridge , lc103 . the use of brother genuine replacement high yield ink cartridges like the lc1033pks produces sharp , vibrant , color pages with the quality you expect from brother products . the brother lc1033pks replacement ink cartridges are compatible with 17 brother inkjet printers . these professional cartridges ares intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison with your brother printer . this product is sold as a three-pack of individual color ink cartridges . the brother genuine lc1033pks replacement high yield color ink cartridges can print approximately 600 pages cartridge in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . these replacement cartridges are compatible with the following brother printers ; dcpj152w , mfcj245 , mfcj285dw , mfcj4310dw , mfcj4410dw , mfcj450dw , mfcj4510dw , mfcj4610dw , mfcj470dw , mfcj4710dw , mfcj475dw , mfcj650dw , mfcj6520dw , mfcj6720dw , mfcj6920dw , mfcj870dw , mfcj875dw . ( 1 ) approximate page yield in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards .
brother genuine high yield black ink cartridge , lc103bk , replacement black ink , page yield up to 600 pages , amazon dash replenishment cartridge , lc103 . the use of brother genuine replacement high yield ink cartridges like the lc103bk not only produces sharp , black pages with the quality you expect from brother products it increases productivity and can reduce downtime when fulfilled through amazon dash replenishment . the brother lc103bk replacement ink cartridge is compatible with 17 brother inkjet printers . this professional cartridge is intelligently engineered to work in seamless unison with your brother printer . the lc103bk is also an amazon dash replenishment eligible replacement cartridge . upon activation , amazon dash replenishmenteligible brother printers will seamlessly order brother genuine supplies through your amazon account and ship them directly to your door . the brother genuine lc103bk replacement high yield black ink cartridge can print approximately 600 pages in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards . once youve ordered your replacement cartridges from amazon , you can feel comfortable knowing that brother has an environmentally smart solution . brother is dedicated to being environmentally responsible and offers disposal programs for properly discarding its cartridges . this replacement cartridge is compatible with the following brother printers : dcpj152w , mfcj245 , mfcj285dw , mfcj4310dw , mfcj4410dw , mfcj450dw , mfcj4510dw , mfcj4610dw , mfcj470dw , mfcj4710dw , mfcj475dw , mfcj650dw , mfcj6520dw , mfcj6720dw , mfcj6920dw , mfcj870dw , mfcj875dw . ( 1 ) approximate page yield in accordance with iso iec 24711 ( letter a4 ) standards .
brother printer lc103y high yield cartridge ink , yellow . high yield yellow ink cartridge
brother printer lc107bk super high yield cartridge ink , black . super high yield black ink cartridge
hp laserjet pro 500 color mfp m570dn ( cz271a ) . finish jobs faster , produce high-impact color , and get set up and connected quickly . print from your smartphone or tablet with hp eprint . easily conserve resources and recycle used cartridges . hp warranty hotline : 1-800-334-5144
goledgo ultra red programmable scrolling led message marquee sign ( size : 4 '' h x 26 '' l x 1 '' d ) . advertise your business all day long ! sign will work all day and all night to attract customers for you . promo anything you want . perfect for any retail store . easy to use . [ specs ] -size 4 '' h x 26 '' l x 1 '' - display size : 3 '' h x 24 '' l - display color : red - viewing distance : up to 150ft - waterproof : no - program with remote control - input power : ac 110v - led lifespan : 100,000 hrs . - optional program by pc windows operating system ( note : rs-232 connection required ) - additional accessories include : mounting brackets , remote control , rs-232 wire & manual [ unique features ] - multiple fonts & size - time & date displayable - store 99 separate files - input between 500 to 700 words - led brightness control - low energy consumption *1 year full warranty to find more sizes & other products , please visit our amazon.com store at www.amazon.com shops a2pepwooib01aq
royal consumer 52104y-fe 120dx cash register . 8 depts , 99 plus , 4 clerks , 4 tax rates , small footprint
greenwon rectangular wooden clock alarm blue led office desk wood digital with temperature voice and touch activated . this is a multifunctional wooden digital clock . it looks like a nature wood but it can display date , time , temperature , and can also be used as an alarm clock . this creative , fashionable and modern wooden clock will definitely add a special flavor to your home and office !
2px0321 - plustek opticfilm 8200i ai film scanner . plustek opticfilm 8200i ai is a powerful scanner with 7200 dpi resolution . its sharp optical system produces excellent detail in shadow areas and remarkable tonal range . a built-in infrared channel helps users remove dust and scratches on the original negatives and slides without additional post-processing . with the included it 8 calibration slide , this powerful scanner consistently delivers accurate colors and detail .
seville classics mobile laptop computer desk cart height-adjustable from 20.5 '' to 33 '' , slim , walnut . work the way you want with seville classics mobile laptop desk cart . four 1.5-inch casters makes it easy to move your laptop or writing workstation to any space in your home , dorm room or office . easily adjust the desktops height by hand for maximum comfort in any position . specifications assembled dimensions : 24 '' w x 16 '' d x ( 20.5 '' to 33 '' h ) weight capacity : 15 lbs . weight : 11 lbs . model # : web162 what 's in the box ? 1 base frame 1 t-frame 1 desk top 4 casters ( 1.5 '' diameter ) 6 end caps 8 washers 8 screws 4 nuts 2 wrenches 1 allen key limited 1-year manufacturer 's warranty seville classics product is backed by a limted 1-year manufacturers warranty unless otherwise specified . the warranty protects against original defects in material or workmanship under normal home or office use for the duration of the warranty period .
swarovski crystalline lady ballpoint pen , black diamond ( 1172568 ) . this anthracite ballpoint pen features black diamond crystals on its body . it comes in a velvet pouch and ink can be refilled .
hp t520 design jet wireless 24-in e-printer . reliable , accurate , and easy to use-this large-format , web-connected printer is a good investment for your studio . grow your business with a convenient , large-format printer that allows you to work and print from virtually anywhere .
2px9507 - hp designjet t120 inkjet large format printer - 24quot ; - color . the easy-to-use , 24-inch hp designjet t120 gives you more for your money-including web connectivity , which allows you to print from virtually anywhere using a laptop , ios device , or android amp ; trade ; device .
pocket nurse - nursing and medical reference clipboard with calculator - - . pocket nurse - nursing and medical reference clipboard with calculator - -
2017 angel art inspirational christian planner , daily weekly monthly , january to december calendar year , 6x9 . this christian based planner and notebook contains monthly calendars , weekly and daily planner pages from monday to sunday . it contains 12 months with plenty of writing space and highlighted national and christian holidays . inspirational quotes from famous theologians such as johnathan edwards , charles spurgeon , john owen and martin luther are found each month . uplifting scriptures taken from the english standard version of the bible are printed on each weeks pages . an easy to follow ( read through the bible in a year ) plan is also featured with check boxes for daily readings . inside covers display annual calendars for the current year and next year and contain pockets for your convenience . beautifully designed and made with high quality paper and laminated covers for easy writing and durability , its resilient plastic coil binding allow the book to lay flat or fold over . the book is optimally sized to fit into your purse , tote bag or pack so you may carry it with you wherever you go . we are confident that you will enjoy using this planner notebook to stay organized and be encouraged in your faith . we truly appreciate your business and thank you for considering our products . god bless you in your walk with him .
kilofly credit card holder - book style with 26 card pockets - colton , with kilofly mini gift-for-you card . find your cards with ease in this simple yet stylish business card holder . this kilofly credit card holder is perfect for making you look good and keeping your business cards organized and clean . kilofly is a trademark exclusively licensed and distributed by kilofly group . all rights reserved .
kilofly 10pc credit business card holder name card case - leather . find your cards with ease in this professional and stylish credit card holder . this kilofly credit card holder is perfect for making you look good and keeping your credit or business cards organized and clean . with 26 see-through card pockets , it provides ample room to store your credit cards , business cards , and more . kilofly credit card holder is made of soft , durable , genuine leather . it 's a great gift for yourself or your friends on birthday , christmas , fathers day , and many other occasions.kilofly is a trademark exclusively licensed and distributed by kilofly group . all rights reserved .
reliable sewergo2 task chair with adjustable back . the reliable sewergo2 is a very comfortable sewing chair to sit and work in . when it was developed , our goal was to create an operator chair that had an extra attention to comfort , yet offered safety and stability as well . and the best part is , we made it affordable . the sewergo chair incorporates essential ergonomic features required by sewers , including height adjustment , full lumbar support , glides instead of wheels on the feet and oversized comfort cushions to relieve pressure points . made in canada . warranty : 2 years on the fabric , 2 years on the cylinder 5 years on the frame non moving parts . the basic premise of an `` ergo '' chair is that it is comfortable to sit in for long periods of time . this is why all reliable ergonomic chairs are height adjustable . to accommodate a wide variety of users , the sewergo chair uses special contoured cushions to ensure comfort . the pressure points on a sewing chair is at the edge of the seat . this is why the sewergo chair uses a waterfall seat edge to relieve the pressure at this critical area .
sauder beginnings storage cabinet , 29-inch , highland oak . this product hidden storage behind double doors .four adjustable shelves .full upper shelf . this product is of high quality . a must buy product .
oki data mb mb451 wireless monochrome printer with scanner and copier . fast , full-featured , environmentally friendly black & white mfp for desktop applications
one line custom rubber stamp .
eiki 3850a overhead projector . specialist overhead projector with sheet metal sealed head , 14 '' doublet lens , 2000 lumen eyb lamp , 10 '' square format , 15 ' power cord
actto bst-03 semi-transparent blue portable reading stand book stand document holder ( 180 angle adjustable ) . # versatile multi-angle stand all-in-one media display # use with books , magazines , sheet music , cookbooks and presentations # customizable tilt viewing angles # light , portable , durable - can hold up to 10 lbs . # great for home , office , dorm , library , on-the-go , etc . # non-slip rubber # no assembly required ** please see seller '' s other book stands ** bestbookstand orders : ups fedex will not deliver to p.o . boxes , please do not use a p.o . box for a shipping address for in your order ( please see details under our shipping rates page ) *** best book stand is the sole licensed distributor & seller of the actto bookstand . any and all purchases made through other illicit sellers will not be guaranteed of the quality & service we provide .
toner spot remanufactured toner cartridge replacement for samsung mlt-d101s . our remanufactured samsung mlt-d101s unit works with ml-2165w , scx-3405fw , sf-760p models . we utilize recycled samsung cartridges to reduce solid waste in the landfills . our remanufactured samsung mlt-d101s unit comes with a 100 % satisfaction guarantee .
vupoint ipwf-p30-vp wireless color photo printer . the vupoint solutions ipwf-p30-vp is a small compact printer and charging station with built-in wi-fi . dock , view and print 4 '' x 6 '' photos from smartphones and tablets with the easy to use application . no computer required . picbridge feature for printing pictures from digital cameras with picbridge compatibility .
free 1000 barbs clothes price brand label tag tagging gun . package include:1*gun with 1000 barbs
2 rolls hand stretch plastic film shrink pallet wrap 16 '' x 1200 x 80 ga .
hp designjet t520 36-inch wireless eprinter with web connectivity . hp designjet t520 36-in eprinter wide format color inkjet printer ( 275 sq ft hr ) ( 1 gb ) ( 2400 x 1200 dpi ) ( usb ) ( ethernet ) ( wireless ) ( touchscreen ) ( energy star ) ( hw -- no free freight )
scientific calculator canon f-792sga . dot-matrix 4-line display scientific calculator with battery & solar dual power
swingline gbc thermal laminator machine , fusion 3100l , 12 inch , 1 min warm-up , 3-7 mil , with 30 ezuse laminating pouches ( 3381650028 ) . with best in class quality , our laminators will keep up with all of your projects . the gbc fusion 3100l laminator is perfect for mid-size offices or any environment with weekly laminating needs . the laminator warms up in just 1 minute for quick and easy use . laminate up to 28 documents in 10 minutes , with 31 '' per minute laminating speed . the 12 '' laminating width allows for a larger variety of projects , while smooth rollers help projects stay wrinkle-free . compatible with any 3 , 5 and 7 mil laminating pouches . comes with 3 year warranty and 30 letter size ezuse premium speed pouches , which seal on the longer side to reduce processing time by 22 % . lamination is simple with auto jam detection . jammed pouches are reversed at the touch of a button and auto shut off provides safety and conserves energy . a cold lamination setting provides more laminating options . cold lamination works with pressure-sensitive adhesive pouches including gbc selfseal pouches , sold separately .
royal 16-sheet cross-cut shredder ( 1620mx-bi ) . the royal 1620mx shredder is designed to meet today and tomorrow 's demand . the heavy-duty induction motor shreds up to 16 sheets in one pass into 0.15 '' x 1.312 '' cross-cut shreds for maximum security . ultra fast shred speed at 5 seconds per pass . larger shredding jobs are easily handled with a 20-minute continuous run time . separate slot for shredding credit cards , cds , and dvds with ease . large pull-out basket holds 7.125 gallons . cabinet includes casters for easy mobility . amazon renewed is your trusted destination for pre-owned and refurbished products that are inspected and tested to work and look like new . a renewed supplier who is amazon-qualified and performance managed , performs a full diagnostic test , replaces any defective parts , and thoroughly cleans the product . the products will have minimal to no signs of wear , no visible cosmetic imperfections when held 12 inches away , and may arrive in a brown or white box with relevant accessories that may be generic . this product comes with a minimum 90-day supplier-backed warrantyan amazon qualified supplier will provide a replacement or refund within 90 days of your receipt if the product does not work as expected . the warranty is in addition to amazon 's standard return policy . learn more shop for smartphones , computers , laptops , tablets , home and kitchen appliances , game consoles , office products , and more on amazon renewed .
fellowes powershred 99ms 14-sheet micro-cut heavy duty paper shredder with auto reverse ( 4609001 ) . the fellowes powershred 99ms micro-cut shredder can shred up to 914 sheets of paper per pass into 2011 ( 5 64 x 9 16 security level p-5 ) micro-cut particles providing ultimate protection of confidential documents.this machine also safely shred credit cards , and staples . achieve hassle-free shredding with all of the features the 99ms has to offer including an auto-reverse system which stops and reverses paper if a jam occurs.to protect more than your identity , the patented safesense technology is designed with an electronic safety sensor that surrounds the paper entry and automatically disables the shredder when hands touch the paper opening . also , the 99mss silentshred technology and energy savings sleep mode system allow this machine to integrate easily to any environment.with the ability to shred for up to 20 minutes before a cool down period is needed , the 99ms shredder is ideal for 1-3 users and includes a 9-gallon pull-out bin . backed by a worry-free 1-year product and service warranty plus a 7-year cutter warranty . 25.19h x 11.41w x 17.31d
planahead telephone and address book ; large print ; smooth cover ; assorted colors . planahead telephone and address book ; large print ; smooth cover . planahead 's large and smooth telephone and address book contains 660 contact entries for telephone ; address ; and email information . pages are alphabetized and tabbed for ease of finding contact entries quickly and efficiently . measures at 5 x 7.625. customer will receive one telephone address book in any of the following colors : red ; blue ; grey ; black . color is random and can not be chosen at this time .
upbright new global ac dc adapter for hp officejet 6500 wireless all-in-one inkjet printer power supply cord cable charger mains psu . upbright new global ac dc adapter for hp officejet 6500 wireless all-in-one inkjet printer power supply cord cable charger mains psu . upbright 30 days money back guarantee . 1 full year service warranty .
storex 18-inch wheeled two-drawer locking filing cabinet , black ( 61309 ) . stylish in both home and office , the storex locking mobile file cabinet has 2 drawers that offer the option of storing either letter or legal hanging files . the lightweight poly construction includes 4 removable casters , making office re-organization quick and easy . each drawer features a printable label as well as an independent key lock with key to keep contents secure . storex is committed to provide stylish quality product . storex office supplies have always been and will always be 100 % pvc-free . storex - built to function , designed to impress .
kensington expert wireless presenter with green laser pointer and cursor control ( k72426ama ) . take control of the room and a laptops cursor with the expert wireless presenter with green laser pointer & cursor control . sometimes pointing just isnt enough . with a simple flick of a switch , you toggle between presentation and cursor control modes . the wireless 2.4ghz receiver stores conveniently inside the remote , and since its uniquely paired , you dont have to worry about device interference . make your point with a green laser thats 10 times brighter than standard red lasers .
kodak 1993807 sheetfeed scanner . volume photo scanning made fast and easy for great profit potential say goodbye to the days of slow flatbed scanning ! scanning pictures and other memorabilia is now fast and easy - with great profit potential - thanks to the kodak picture saver scanning systems ps50 and ps80 . just think - while it used to take one to two minutes to scan a single photo on a flatbed , you can now scan up to 85 photos in just one minute ! and the image quality and automatic enhancements are simply dazzling , thanks to easy-to-use , intuitive kodak picture saver scanning software . kodak picture saver scanning systems ps50 - volume photo scanning made fast and easy for great profit potential . say goodbye to the days of slow flatbed scanning ! scanning pictures and other memorabilia is now fast and easy  with great profit potential  thanks to the kodak picture saver scanning system ps50 . just think  while it used to take one to two minutes to scan a single photo on a flatbed , you can now scan up to 50 photos in just one minute ! and the image quality and automatic enhancements are simply dazzling , thanks to easy-to-use , intuitive kodak picture saver scanning software . icon-based navigation and intuitive interface makes it a snap to easily create high-quality digital images built-in image processing enhances color brightness contrast , removes red eye , and automatically rotates and straightens images specially designed transport treats each photo with extra-gentle care the image guide virtually eliminates streaking on images , enhancing net throughput and reducing operator intervention both sides scanned to capture notes on back of photos or two-sided documents optional a3- and legal-size flatbeds available to handle oversize or extremely fragile photos , documents and bound materials such as photo albums and old prints output image files to usb drive , cd , dvd , and kodak picture cd
epson t277 claria photo hd standard capacity ink cartridges - color multi-pack . for vivid , true-to-life color and a wide color gamut . claria photo hi-definition 5-color , dye-based ink delivers an extensive color gamut for high contrast shots and smooth natural skin tones for superior photos that last more than 200 years . view larger view larger view larger epson cartridges are more than just plastic containers filled with ink . each cartridge contains a great deal of technology , including smartvalve technology that enables an even ink flow and helps you produce outstanding prints . you do n't want to run out of ink while working on that important project or printing your favorite photos . the intellidge chip from epson lets you know when your printer all-in-one is running low on ink , before you run out . epson manufactures its inks in 'clean rooms ' in compliance with the highest standards to ensure that epson inks deliver reliable , smudge and fade resistant , quality output . for occasional printing . for high-volume printing . for your convenience .
epson perfection v37 color photo , image , document scanner with scan-to-cloud & 4800 x 9600 dpi ( b11b207201 ) . high-quality scans of photos , documents and more.get amazing scan quality with the epson perfection v37 . this versatile photo scanner delivers 4800 x 9600 dpi optical resolution for incredible detail and clarity , whether scanning photos or documents . create brilliant enlargements or scan photo albums , books and more with the 180-degree lid . the scanner also offers powerful document capture software so you can easily scan directly to cloud services like google docs , ms sharepoint , evernote and more . it also offers one-touch buttons for scan-to-email , copy and pdf . plus , use photo restoration to bring those faded family photos back to life . you can scan oversized artwork or photo album pages with arcsoft scan-n-stitch deluxe software . featuring epson exclusive readyscan technology for fast scans and no warmup time , you will be scanning in no time . epson perfection v37 color scanner high-quality scans of photos , documents and more . get amazing scan quality with the epson perfection v37 . this versatile photo scanner delivers 4800 x 9600 dpi optical resolution for incredible detail and clarity , whether scanning photos or documents . create brilliant enlargements or scan photo albums , books and more with the 180-degree lid . the scanner also offers powerful document capture software so you can easily scan directly to cloud services like google docs , ms sharepoint , evernote and more . it also offers one-touch buttons for scan-to-email , copy and pdf . plus , use photo restoration to bring those faded family photos back to life . you can scan oversized artwork or photo album pages with arcsoft scan-n-stitch deluxe software . featuring epson exclusive readyscan technology for fast scans and no warmup time , you will be scanning in no time . this powerful performer makes it easy to scan virtually anything . scan and create enlargements up to 13 '' x 19 '' . the high-rise lid allows you to lift the scanner lid 180-degrees to accommodate bulky originals such as photo albums and 3-d objects . and , the included software enables you to scan oversized originals , making it easier than ever to archive artwork and more . the epson perfection v37 makes it easy to scan directly to cloud services . just install the included document capture software on your pc or mac and you can immediately scan to google docs , ms sharepoint , evernote and more . now you can access documents from multiple mobile devices or share with others . easily scan oversized artwork , photo albums and documents with arcsoft scan-n-stitch deluxe . included with the epson perfection v37 , this innovative software program digitizes legal , a3 and other large-size pages , section by section , then stitches all portions together , automatically . restore faded color photos back to their original brilliance with easy photo fix scanning technology , exclusively from epson . just scan your photos with the epson perfection v37 color scanner and renew the color with one click . it  s just that easy . and , with advanced digital dust correction , you can even remove the appearance of dust from photos . this energy-efficient light source uses less power , while offering faster scans . there  s no warmup time required . best of all , with no mercury included , this led technology is better for the environment than traditional cold cathode fluorescent lamps . the epson perfection v37 offers several features , in addition to readyscan technology , that make it easy to do more . four customizable buttons allow you to instantly scan , copy , scan-to-email and create pdfs . the included ocr ( optical character recognition ) software enables you to convert scanned documents into editable text . the epson perfection v37 also features automatic scanning , as well as more advanced modes to give you greater control . this powerful line of products offers the versatility you need for extraordinary scans at home or in the office . with innovative epson technology , it  s easy for anyone to achieve remarkable results . whether you want to scan photos , film , documents or 3-d objects , there  s a model made for you . scan documents , restore faded color photos , or make enlargements from film . it  s all possible with an epson perfection scanner . epson perfection v37 color scanner , cd-rom software , start here poster , hi-speed usb cable , ac adapter , power cable
epson expression home xp-850 wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier & fax c11cc41201 . designed for excellence . achieve superior photo quality with the expression photo xp-850 , delivering premium performance in a small-in-one printer design . ideal for photo enthusiasts and families , this sleek performer delivers brilliant photos with claria photo hd 6-color inks for smooth gradations and amazing skin tones . the xp-850 also prints at remarkable speeds , delivering 4 '' x 6 '' photos in as fast as 10 seconds . always ready to print , it features a dedicated photo tray , as well as an auto-extend output paper tray . easily take on any creative project with direct cd dvd printing , plus a rear paper feed for card stock , envelopes and more . the xp-850 also offers a list of productivity features - 2-sided print copy scan with intuitive gesture navigation , plus a 30-page automatic document feeder with color fax . featuring convenient wireless and ethernet networking , the xp-850 can be shared with everyone in the family . you can even print and scan from your smartphone or tablet with epson connect tm . its all at your fingertips with the expression photo xp-850 . view larger expression photo xp-850 small-in-one printer print copy scan fax ultra hd photo ethernet wi-fi why buy ? designed for excellence achieve superior photo quality with the expression photo xp-850 , delivering premium performance in a small-in-one printer design . ideal for photo enthusiasts and families , this sleek performer delivers brilliant photos with claria photo hd 6-color inks for smooth gradations and amazing skin tones . the xp-850 also prints at remarkable speeds , delivering 4 '' x 6 '' photos in as fast as 10 seconds . always ready to print , it features a dedicated photo tray , as well as an auto-extend output paper tray . easily take on any creative project with direct cd dvd printing , plus a rear paper feed for card stock , envelopes and more . the xp-850 also offers a list of productivity features  2-sided print copy scan with intuitive gesture navigation , plus a 30-page automatic document feeder with color fax . featuring convenient wireless and ethernet networking , the xp-850 can be shared with everyone in the family . you can even print and scan from your smartphone or tablet with epson connect . it  s all at your fingertips with the expression photo xp-850 .
pilot metropolitan collection fountain pen , black barrel , zig-zag design , medium nib , black ink ( 91101 ) . fresh and modern , the pilot mr metropolitan collection delivers refined style . meticulously designed with a brass barrel and stainless accents and nib , metropolitan is available in three sophisticated colors ; black , burnished silver and champagne gold , with premium matte finishes . elegant and refined , pilot mr metropolitan is the perfect gift of affordable luxury for yourself and others . fresh and modern , the pilot mr metropolitan collection delivers refined style . meticulously designed with a brass barrel and stainless accents and nib , metropolitan is available in three sophisticated colors ; black , burnished silver and champagne gold , with premium matte finishes . elegant and refined , pilot mr metropolitan is the perfect gift of affordable luxury for yourself and others .
eps replacement toner cartridge for samsung mlt-d101s xaa toner 1.5k yield ( scx-3405fw , sf-760p , ml-2165w ) . eps premium compatible toner cartridges offer great print quality and reliable performance for fast , professional printing quality .
v4ink 3 pack compatible replacement for brother tn720 tn750 toner cartridge - for use in brother hl5450dn hl5470dw hl6180dw dcp8110dn mfc8710dw series printers .
pilot frixion gel ink pen refill 3-pk for erasable pens fine point ( .7 ) blue ink ; make mistakes your frixion for no more white out with america  s # 1 selling pen brand . frixion gel ink pen refills
brother printer mfcj4410dw business smart multi-function inkjet and wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax , amazon dash replenishment enabled . this business inkjet all-in-one offers the ultimate combination of fast print speeds , touchscreen display with touch panel , up to 11 x 17 inches printing in a compact size , and low cost printing . revolutionary landscape print technology with innovative paper feeding orientation allows up to 11 x 17 inches printing while maintaining a compact size and sleek design . the intuitive 1.8-inch touchscreen with touch panel display provides easy menu navigation , where the touch panel display only shows the keys you need . easy-to-setup wireless or wired networking makes it easy to share this machine with others on the network . convenient wireless printing from mobile devices ( requires connection to wireless network ) . help save more , print more with super high yield replacement ink cartridges ( additional purchase required ) . mfc-j4410dw introducing the brother business smarttm series dont compromise on features up to now , those in the market for a color inkjet all-in-one typically had to choose between a number of desired key features . typically , the more features that a machine offers the bulkier the machine . the smaller machine the fewer features , plus low cost printing was not always part of the overall package . the introduction of the business smart series means users dont have to compromise on features . through a total redesign process and innovative landscape printing technology this new series delivers the ultimate combination of productivity , ease of use , low cost printing and professional high impact printing capability , all in a compact size and stylish design . in developing the business smart series , brother sought to create a product that would leave our customers without the need to compromise on features or design . this led to a complete redesign of the machine with the introduction of a new innovation technology called landscape print technology , which allows paper to be stored and fed into the machine in a landscape orientation that helps to reduce the size of the machine . this unique technology allowed brother to deliver the ultimate combination of features in a machine with a compact and sleek design that is up to 35 % smaller footprint1 than the competitors . the mfc-j4410dw also offers powerful business features to help enhance functionality and maximize productivity . wireless , wired and ethernet network . utilize the power of your wireless network while reducing the number of cables in your home or small office . easy-to-set up wireless networking enables others to share the mfc on the network without the clutter of cables . mfc-j4410dw is 802.11b g n certified and is compatible with most new routers with n technology , allowing for faster data transfer between your pc and printer router . convenient mobile device printing . the mfc-j4410dw supports wireless printing from your mobile device via4 : airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , cortado workplace and wi-fi direct ( allowing a user to print wirelessly from pc or mobile devices without the need for a router ) . access popular web apps directly from your machine . access your favorite popular web services directly from the touchscreen lcd display . this interface enables the user to upload and or download files to specific web services using an internet connected brother mfc without using a computer . access your facebook , picasa web albums , flickr , evernote and dropbox5 . brother offers a toll free technical support for the life of the product . no matter if you call right after you purchase the machine , or years after you purchase the product , brother offers support for your product . 1. based on competitive in-class inkjet models with an estimated street price under $ 200 . competitive data gathered from manufacturer websites and third party industry sources ( as of july 2012 ) . 2. ppm is based in fast mode and excludes time to print first page and will depend on a variety of factors . iso print speed based on iso iec 24734. see www.brother-usa.com printspeed for details . 3. lc105 107 xxl series super high yield vs. lc103 xl series high yield . up to 40 % based on msrp . lc105 107 xxl series super high yield cartridges sold separately . 4. requires connection to a wireless network . see www.brother.com for details , availability , and mobile device compatibility . 5. requires an internet connection .
displays2go black bi-fold adjustable wood easel , quick set up , free-standing display easel ( bfe6bk ) . this black wood easel has a unique , patented bi-fold design that allows it to be effortlessly set up and folded flat for efficient storage . featuring removable pegs , the width of this oak wood easel adjusts to individual display needs up to 24-inches . the black finish complements any dcor and does not distract from the item displayed . rubber feet located on the bottom of the 64 x 21-1 2-inch easel ; prevent it from sliding and scratching the surface where it stands . dimensions : overall : 64 '' h x 21-1 2 '' d x 24 '' w .
epson expression home xp-300 small-in-one printer . epson c11cc01201-n epson factory recertified expression home xp-300 small-in-one 8.7 4.5-isoppm 576
lexmark cx410e color all-in one laser printer with scan , copy , network ready and professional features . the network-ready lexmark 28d0500 with a color touch screen , print speed as fast as 32 ppm and 50-sheet automatic document feeder lets you copy , scan and fax . produce professional color in-house , on demand . with 512 mb of upgradable memory and a fast dual-core processor , youll print fast , too . just go on any networked desktop or any mobile device that runs applications and send your print jobs to the lexmark 28d0500 . lexmark named color replacement and pantone calibration make it easy to develop a consistent brand image by accurately matching your colors . with up to true 1200x1200 dpi resolution , images and graphics stay crisp . lexmark 's unison toner ensures consistent quality , too . quickly print , copy and scan up to 32 pages per minute in black and color , plus produce a 1-page color document in as little as 11.5 seconds . lexmark 28d0500 's nearly 1,450-sheet input capacity and high yield toner cartridge options cuts down on paper or cartridge changes . the beautiful 4.3-inch color touch screen lets you easily manage jobs and add workflow solutions . lexmark 28c0550 lets you authenticate , authorize and audit employee usage . plus , protect sensitive data using standard network security protocols . optimize system performance with lexmarks unison toner , designed to provide consistent image quality from first print to last . easily print up to 6,000 pages a month , plus enjoy fewer maintenance hassles , thanks to state of-the-art paper handling .
vivo triple lcd monitor desk mount stand heavy duty fully adjustable fits 3 three screens up to 24 '' ( stand-v003 ) .
lexmark ms310dn mono laser printer . the lexmark ms310dn network-ready laser printer with internal 2-sided printing , a 800 mhz dual-core processor , 128mb of standard memory , 300-sheet standard input and a print speed of up to 35 ppm quickly and easily performs tasks . with 128 mb of memory and a powerful 800 mhz dual-core processor , it prints documents with graphics and images effortlessly . easily print up to 2,500 pages per month , plus enjoy fewer maintenance hassles , thanks to lexmark state-of-the-art paper handling . an input capacity of up to 850 sheets means you wont have to add paper as often . enjoy print speeds up to 35 pages per minute plus print your first page in as little as 6.5 seconds . instructions are easy . youll be up and running in minutes .
lexmark ms310d monochrome printer . the lexmark ms310d laser printer has internal 2-sided printing , a 800 mhz dual-core processor , 128mb of standard memory , 300-sheet total standard input and a print speed of up to 35 ppm . with 128 mb of memory and a powerful 800 mhz dual-core processor , it prints documents with graphics and images effortlessly . easily print up to 2,500 pages per month , plus enjoy fewer maintenance hassles , thanks to lexmark state-of-the-art paper handling . an input capacity of up to 850 sheets means you wont have to add paper as often . enjoy print speeds up to 35 pages per minute plus print your first page in as little as 6.5 seconds . instructions are easy . youll be up and running in minutes .
lexmark cs310n compact color laser printer , network ready and professional features . lexmark cs310n color laser printer ( lex28c0000 )
wolverine f2d20 20 megapixels 35mm to digital converter . now you can take all those stacks of 35mm slides and negatives and convert them into digital images to share and preserve them forever . wolverine has created a very simple to use device to convert all your 35mm film into a 20 mega pixels digital images in seconds . product includes 35mm slide and negative trays . available option for purchase , 110 film tray .
e-z ink remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for lexmark 32 18c0032 & 33 18c0033 ( 1 black , 1 color ) . compatible with : x3330 x3350 x7170 x5250 x5270 x7350 x5450 x5470 x8350 p4330 p6250 p4350 p6350 p6210 home copier plus z816 this is a truly cost effective alternative to oem cartridges . this product has been re-manufactured to the highest standards to either meet or exceed oem quality . however , please note that due to the cartridge design , ink levels on the display may appear as low empty . these readings are inaccurate , as the cartridges are full with ink .
uniden d2380-3h dect_6.0 cordless phone with digital answerer and wireless headset . the d2380 series dect 6.0 cordless phone with caller id and digital answering system has caller id announce that speaks the name or number of the caller . hd sound provides a richer audio experience and you can block up to 20 numbers at the touch of a button . includes 2 handsets and dhs100 wireless headset .
bookfactory password journal password organizer password book logbook password keeper , 120 pages , 3 1 2 '' x 5 1 4 '' , durable thick translucent cover , wire-o binding ( jou-120-mcw-a- ( password ) ) . durable translucent cover custom password journal with spaces to record web site , email used , username , password ( s ) and notes
inktoneram compatible toner cartridge replacement for samsung clp315 clp-315 409s clt-k409s clp-310 clp-315w clx-3170 clx-3175fn clx-3175fw ( black ) . ( 1 inktoneram replacement black toner cartridge to replace samsung clp-315 clt-k409s black toner cartridge ) these are the compatible replacement toner cartridges to replace the samsung clp-315 clt-k409s toner cartridges . the replacement toner cartridges replace the original samsung clp-315 clt-k409s cartridges . our compatible toner cartridges deliver documents with high quality details and clarity . getting the compatible replacement toner cartridge for samsung clp-315 clt-k409s toner cartridges is a cost-effective choice that will provide you with best quality and reliability at great discounted price . our compatible ( iso9001 certified ) replacement toner cartridges are thoroughly tested and inspected to ensure oem-equivalent yields and performance . the compatible toner cartridges to replace samsung clp-315 clt-k409s compatible toner cartridges are designed to work with : samsung : clp-310 clp-315 clp-315w clx-3170 clx-3175fn clx-3175fw . ( this is a compatible replacement product only . this is non-oem . )
sparco thermal paper roll , 3-1 8 x 230-feet , 50 count , white ( spr25346 ) . thermal paper rolls are made with top quality thermal paper and deliver crisp , clear imagesinner dimension of the core measures 7 16-inch in diameterthe outer dimensions are 7 8-inch in diameter
sparco reinforced filler paper , plain , 11 x 8-1 2 inches , white ( sprwb213 ) . unruled filler paper features a mylar-reinforced edge at the binding side to prevent tear-out
brother printer businesssmart mfc-j4610dw wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax , amazon dash replenishment enabled . business inkjet all-in-one offers the ultimate combination of fast print speeds , touchscreen , low cost printing and innovative landscape print technology for up to 11 x 17 inches capabilities in a compact design
uniden d1484-4 dect 6.0 4-handset landline telephone . the d1484-4 cordless phone by uniden is packed with time-saving features that help you better manage your calls . it features a large display screen and orange backlit keys which make it a snap to dial the correct number or access features , even in low-light conditions . the phonebook feature stores up to 30 names , unique ringers you can assign to specific calling parties and an option to transfer either a single listing or the entire phonebook . the bilingual menus in both english and spanish guide you through every step so you can take full advantage of the 10 full hours of talk time per battery charge . the d1484-4 includes three extra handsets and chargers cradles . about digital enhanced cordless telecommunications operates on the newly released 1.9 ghz frequency band that was recently allocated to support cordless telephony . uniden incorporates unique `` listen before transmit '' technology that avoids interference with many household products , such as baby monitors , microwaves and wi-fi ( which operate on frequencies like 2.4 ghz ) . as a result , dect phones offer consumers enhanced voice clarity and crystal clear digital sound quality .
e-z ink remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for hp 920xl ( 1 black , 1 cyan , 1 magenta , 1 yellow ) .
generic compatible ink cartridge replacement for hp 564 ( black , cyan , magenta , yellow , 4-pack ) . nd brand products : the item comes with : ( 1 ) one black pigment ink cartridge ( 2 ) one cyan ink cartridge ( 3 ) one magenta ink cartridge ( 4 ) one yellow ink cartridge ( 5 ) detail instruction note the pigment black cartridge prefilled with 20ml ink , color cartridge prefilled with 13ml . the item with chips the cartridges are compatible with : hp photosmart 5510 5511 5512 5514 5515 5520 5522 5525 6510 6512 6515 6520 b209a b210a ... hp deskjet 3520 3521 3522 3526 3070a ... hp officejet 4620 4622 ... we are committed the highest satisfactions to all our customers and try to provide the best products with the best services . if there is any question regarding the purchased item , please contact us immediately for the problem solving or exchanging . we have professional internet technical support available 24 hours day and 7 days week.we also have the 30 days money back guarantee with the returning shipping cost on the buyer from the purchased date . we do appreciate and encourage all our customers contact us first before you leave any neutral or negative feedback ( rate 3 , 2 , 1 ) . our technicians will respond you within 24 hours . we believe the good communication will resolve any issues.your positive feedback rate 5 or 4 will be greatly encouraged . your satisfaction is our utmost priority . please pay attention on whether you got genuine nd item . we are not responsible for all other sellers sold under this category . be aware it ! if you got fake one , please report to amazon . thanks
ooma hd2 handset . the ooma hd2 handset includes a color display and features like a smart phone including the ability to sync your phonebook with yahoo and google , and display the facebook picture of callers . now you can have all that ooma offers in one convenient place -- the palm of your hand . ( requires ooma telo ) features one-touch voicemail access - check messages from anywhere in your house . online phonebook - download facebook profile pictures and your online contacts from yahoo , google , facebook and linkedin . intercom - use the intercom to talk between handsets and transfer calls . also doubles as a baby monitor . call log - view all incoming calls , outgoing calls , numbers and duration of calls . hd voice - ooma hd voice technology doubles the fidelity of your phone calls by capturing twice the speech information of a standard voice call ( yes , that includes your landline . ) when you and the other caller use an ooma handset , or any hd compatible phone , your voice will sound more natural than ever . why suffer the inferior quality of standard definition calls when you can upgrade to hd ? add ooma premier service and get - instant second line , do not disturb , send to voicemail , personal number , private voicemail , and call screening
kloud city  10 pcs ( 5 vertical style and 5 horizontal style ) clear pvc business id badge card holder case with slot & chain holes . generic
kings brand foldable adjustable laptop stand for table , sofa & bed ( cherry ) . kings brand foldable adjustable laptop stand for table , sofa & bed . adjustable to 5 heights including flat , legs could be adjusted 2 heights from 9.25 '' to 11.25 '' h. most convenient and comfortable using anywhere . table panel in cherry finish and black coating of metal frame . the weight capacity is 25lbs . dimensions : 23.5 '' x 13.5 '' x 9.25 '' h fully assembled .
epson workforce wf-m1560 wireless monochrome all-in-one c11cc80201 . lowest printing cost for everyday use with genuine epson ink . replace your monochrome laser printer with the workforce wf-m1560 monochrome all-in-one and get the lowest black printing cost in its class - up to 60 percent lower than monochrome laser printers . you get monochrome printing for less ; and , reliability is better than with replacement cartridges commonly purchased for competitive laser printers . this fast , high-performance all-in-one uses less power than laser printers , and offers economical , high-capacity ink cartridges , producing up to 2400 pages 3. for easy setup and sharing on your network , the wf-m1560 comes with built-in ethernet and wireless connectivity . this lightweight , compact inkjet saves time with fast speeds up to 34 ppm ( draft ) , plus a convenient 30-page automatic document feeder for unattended copying , and scanning in full color . engineered to produce sharp , laser quality black text , its ideal for reports , brochures and everyday printing with print size versatility up to 8.5 '' x 44 '' . the wf-m1560 also produces smudge , fade and water resistant prints every time . workforce wf-m1560 monochrome all-in-one print copy scan fax ethernet wi-fi why buy ? view larger lowest printing cost for everyday use with genuine epson ink . replace your monochrome laser printer with the workforce wf-m1560 monochrome all-in-one and get the lowest black printing cost in its class up to 60 % lower than monochrome laser printers . you get monochrome printing for less ; and , reliability is better than with replacement cartridges commonly purchased for competitive laser printers . this fast , high-performance all-in-one uses less power than laser printers , and offers economical , high-capacity ink cartridges , producing up to 2400 pages . for easy setup and sharing on your network , the wf-m1560 comes with built-in ethernet and wireless connectivity . this lightweight , compact inkjet saves time with fast speeds up to 34 ppm ( draft ) , plus a convenient 30-page automatic document feeder for unattended copying , and scanning in full color . engineered to produce sharp , laser quality black text , its ideal for reports , brochures and everyday printing with print size versatility up to 8.5 '' x 44 '' . the wf-m1560 also produces smudge , fade and water-resistant prints every time . using the available high-capacity ink cartridge , the wf-m1560 prints up to 2400 pages before you need to replace the cartridge . you get the lowest printing cost in its class hassle-free when you use genuine epson ink . thats up to 60 % lower printing cost than with monochrome laser printers , making it a great value for cost-conscious users . the workforce wf-m1560 moves at your busy pace , with print speeds up to 34 ppm ( draft ) . share your all-in-one among multiple computers using the built-in ethernet or the latest in wireless technology ( 802.11b g n support . ) quickly set up , connect and print from any networked computer . the wf-m1560 also offers convenient usb connectivity . get all the tools you need without sacrificing space in your home or office . this compact , full-featured all-in-one is ideal for space-constrained environments . it weighs just 12.8 lb , up to 50 % lighter than competitive models . print reports and brochures with crisp , sharp text . the wf-m1560 is ideal for all your everyday printing as well , including flyers , signs , coupons and maps . flexibility matters . get output beyond the ordinary . the wf-m1560 accommodates envelopes , labels , card stock and more . and , it features a rear paper feed , which supports media up to 8.5 '' x 44 '' . quickly copy , scan ( black-and-white or color ) and fax stacks of originals with the 30-page automatic document feeder . with the included ocr software , you can turn forms and documents into text-searchable , editable pdfs 6. you can even scan-to-email or scan-to-pdf . durabrite ultra ink is a unique epson technology designed to deliver instant-dry results on plain paper . prints are smudge , fade and water-resistant , so its easy to preserve important documents . fax in as fast as 3 seconds per page , save up to 180 pages in memory and store up to 60 numbers . using the included pc-fax , you can even send a fax right from your computer . its a great way to save time and paper .
epson workforce wf-m1030 wireless monochrome printer c11cc82201 . lowest printing cost for everyday use with genuine epson ink . replace your monochrome laser printer with the workforce wf-m1030 and get the lowest black printing cost in its class - up to 60 percent lower than monochrome laser printers . you get monochrome printing for less ; and , reliability is better than with replacement cartridges commonly purchased for competitive laser printers . this fast , high-performance printer uses less power than laser printers , and offers economical , high-capacity ink cartridges , producing up to 2400 pages . for easy setup and sharing on your network , the wf-m1030 comes with built-in ethernet and wireless connectivity 4. this lightweight , compact inkjet saves time with fast speeds up to 34 ppm ( draft ) , plus a 100 -sheet paper tray for total printing efficiency . engineered to produce sharp , laser quality black text , its ideal for reports , brochures and everyday printing with print size versatility up to 8.5 '' x 44 '' . the wf-m1030 also produces smudge , fade and water resistant prints every time . workforce wf-m1030 monochrome printer print ethernet wi-fi why buy ? view larger lowest printing cost for everyday use with genuine epson ink . replace your monochrome laser printer with the workforce wf-m1030 and get the lowest black printing cost in its class up to 60 percent lower than monochrome laser printers . you get monochrome printing for less ; and , reliability is better than with replacement cartridges commonly purchased for competitive laser printers . this fast , high-performance printer uses less power than laser printers , and offers economical , high-capacity ink cartridges , producing up to 2400 pages . for easy setup and sharing on your network , the wf-m1030 comes with built-in ethernet and wireless connectivity . this lightweight , compact inkjet saves time with fast speeds up to 34 ppm ( draft ) plus a 100 sheet paper tray for total printing efficiency . engineered to produce sharp , laser quality black text , its ideal for reports , brochures and everyday printing with print size versatility up to 8.5 '' x 44 '' . the wf-m1030 also produces smudge , fade and water-resistant prints every time . using the available high-capacity ink cartridge , the wf-m1030 prints up to 2400 pages before you need to replace the cartridge . you get the lowest printing cost in its class hassle-free when you use genuine epson ink . thats up to 60 percent lower printing cost than with monochrome laser printers , making it a great value for cost-conscious users . the workforce wf-m1030 moves at your busy pace , with print speeds up to 34 ppm ( draft ) . share your printer among multiple computers using the built-in ethernet or the latest in wireless technology ( 802.11b g n support ) . quickly set up , connect and print from any networked computer . the wf-m1030 also offers convenient usb connectivity . get all the tools you need without sacrificing space in your home or office . this compact , full-featured printer is ideal for space-constrained environments , and small enough to easily move around your workspace . it weighs just 7.1 lb , up to 56 percent lighter than competitive models . print reports and brochures with crisp , sharp text . the wf-m1030 is ideal for all your everyday printing as well , including flyers , signs , coupons and maps . flexibility matters . get output beyond the ordinary . the wf-m1030 accommodates envelopes , labels , card stock and more . and , it features a rear paper feed , which supports media up to 8.5 '' x 44 '' .
grandstream gxp2200 enterprise media phone for android voip phone and device . gxp2200 represents the future of enterprise business telephones in modern internet age . featuring android operating system 2.3 and its vast number of 3rd party applications , a 480x272 capacitive touch screen tft lcd , dual gigabit network ports , integrated poe and bluetooth . the gxp2200 delivers superior hd audio quality , leading edge telephony features , integration of rich web content with access to the rapidly growing android applications base , automated provisioning . built with advanced security protection for privacy , this enterprise application phone also features broad interoperability with most 3rd party sip based devices , ip pbx and major ims platforms . the gxp2200 is an innovative smart desk phone loaded with tremendous value for web-integrated business communications as well as unprecedented power for advanced custom business applications development and personalization .
custom self inking address stamp with monogram - style 195 .
torrey lsq-40l , legal for trade label printing scale 40 lb x 0.01 lb with 1 case of tr-8020b 58 x 60mm lables . the lsq series label printing scale ( lsq-40l ) offers a complete package for your business with sturdy construction , easy programming and substantial functionality to meet the label printing and weighing needs of your butcher shop , market , deli , grocery store or other business . includes one case of tr-8040 58 x 60mm thermal 1000 labels .
hp officejet 7110 wide format eprinter . get noticed with affordable , wide-format printing : print professional color in a wide range of sizesfrom 3x5 to 13x19 inchesfor an outstanding value . create borderless flyers , brochures , marketing materials , and more in-housefor less than a print shop . count on original hp inks to deliver fast-drying , water-resistant documents that stay vivid for decades . rely on time-saving features to ease office tasks : reload less often and handle high-volume printing , using high-capacity ink cartridges and large paper trays . preserve your space with a compact printer designed to fit where you want itclose at hand or out of the way . depend on hp for reliable productivity . this hp printer was designed for volumes up to 800 pages per month . connect and printat the office or on the go : print wirelessly on your office network and share this hp printer with other wireless-enabled pcs . print from your smartphone or tablet from virtually anywhere with hp eprint . add this hp printer to your ethernet network to easily share with your workgroup . reduce your impact without sacrificing performance : save energy without sacrificing performance . this printer is energy star qualified and rated epeat bronze . save up to 50 % on paper costs , using optional automatic two-sided printing . reduce your impacteasily recycle your original hp ink cartridges for free through hp planet partners .
westcott ipoint ball battery pencil sharpener , red black ( 15570 ) . a unique design that delivers a unique performance . featuring a proprietary 2 blade technology the ipoint ball sharpens pencil 2x faster than other sharpeners in its class . features sharp sense technology that allows you to feel when the pencil is at the optimal point .
ink4work compatible toner cartridge replacement canon 128 crg-128 imageclass d530 d550 mf4580dn mf4770n mf4880dw mf4890dw mf4450 mf4412 mf4420n faxphone l190 l100 printer ( black , 3 pack ) . ink4work compatible 128 toner cartridge fits faxphone l100 , faxphone l190 , imageclass d530 , d550 , mf4450 , mf4570dn , mf4570dw , mf4770n , mf4880dw , mf4890dw the compatible toner cartridge replace canon 128 toner cartridge . we offer a 100 % quality satisfaction guarantee on our compatible 3500b001aa laser toner cartridges and supplies
7 1 4 x 11 1 2 black crocodile hat box with gold studs & handle . jam paper & envelope black crocodile hat box is tastefully decorated with gold stud details on top . this versatile box can be used to store much more than just hats , making it a useful and stylish organizing tool . easily carry it anywhere using the attached handle or set it in one place and use it for decoration .
inktoneram compatible toner cartridge & drum replacement for brother tn460 tn430 dr400 dr-400 tn-460 tn-430 dcp-1200 dcp-1400 hl-1030 hl-1230 hl-1240 hl-1250 hl-1270n hl-1435 hl-1440 ( drum , toner,2pk ) . ( 1 toner + 1 drum inktoneram replacement toner cartridge & drum to replace brother tn460 dr400 cartridges ) these are the compatible replacement toner cartridges & drum to replace the brother tn460 dr400 cartridges . the replacement toner cartridge & drum replace the original brother tn460 dr400 cartridges . our compatible toner cartridge & drum deliver documents with high quality details and clarity . getting the compatible replacement toner cartridge & drum for brother tn460 dr400 is a cost-effective choice that will provide you with best quality and reliability at great discounted price . our compatible ( iso9001 certified ) replacement toner cartridge & drum are thoroughly tested and inspected to ensure oem-equivalent yields and performance . the compatible toner cartridge & drum to replace brother tn460 dr400 cartridges are designed to work with : brother dcp : dcp-1200 dcp-1400 , brother hl : hl-1030 hl-1230 hl-1240 hl-1250 hl-1270n hl-1435 hl-1440 hl-1450 hl-1470n hl-p2500 , brother intellifax : 4100 4100e 4750e 4750p 5750e 5750p , brother mfc : mfc-1260 mfc-1270 mfc-2500 mfc-8300 mfc-8500 mfc-8600 mfc-8700 mfc-9600 mfc-9650 mfc-9700 mfc-9750 mfc-9800 mfc-9850 mfc-9870 mfc-p2500 , brother fax : fax 8350p fax-8750p . ( this is a compatible replacement product only . this is non-oem . )
gcc expert 24 '' cutting plotter . like new cutter plotter with stand
eco ink compatible remanufactured for hp 61 ch561wn ( 2 black ) ink cartridges for deskjet 1000 , 2000 - j210a , 2050 - j510d , 3050 - j610a , 1050 , 2000 - j210b , 2050 - j510e , 3050 - j610b , 1050 - j410c , 2000 - j210c , 3000 , 3050 - j610c , 1050 - j410b , 2000 - j210d , 3000 - j310a , 3050 - j610d , 1055 , 2050 , 3000 - j310c , 3050 - j610e , 1055 - j410e , 2050a - j510a , 3050 , 3050 - j610f , 2000 , 2050 - j510a , 3050a - j611g . due new hp feature programming . hp printer might read the remanufactured cartridges as empty or low ink level when they are full of ink . this is incorrect because these cartridges are filled with the exact same amount of ink as the genuine hp cartridges . hp # 61 hp61 hp 61 ch561wn ch561w ch561 black . this cartridge has filled , tested , and sealed in professional retail box with one year 's shelf life . inklandstore offers you the factory direct prices . inklandstore cartridges designed for crisp , sharp output every time . replacement ink cartridges for hp inkjet printers formulated for use in the original equipment manufacturers machines listed warranted to be free of defects in materials and workmanship for printer listed below : - deskjet 1000 , 2000 - j210a , 2050 - j510d , 3050 - j610a , 1050 , 2000 - j210b , 2050 - j510e , 3050 - j610b , 1050 - j410c , 2000 - j210c , 3000 , 3050 - j610c , 1050 - j410b , 2000 - j210d , 3000 - j310a , 3050 - j610d , 1055 , 2050 , 3000 - j310c , 3050 - j610e , 1055 - j410e , 2050a - j510a , 3050 , 3050 - j610f , 2000 , 2050 - j510a , 3050a - j611g inklandstore will include with each order the full instruction with each cartridge . inklandstore is the exclusive reseller of eco ink products brand of high quality printing supplies on amazon ... .
at & t ( tl88102 ) dect 6.0 1-handset 2-line landline telephone bundle with 3 handsets and dual caller id call waiting . an efficient home-office epicenter , this 2-line cordless telephone system allows incoming and outgoing calls on separate lines , giving you the flexibility to manage professional and personal business at once . a distinct mailbox for each line makes it easy to stay organized . advances in noise-filtering technology and a unique antenna design provide unsurpassed range so you can roam away from the base and enjoy crystal-clear clarity . speakerphones on the base and handset make hands-free communication easy . plus , the caller id stores up to 50 calls , shown on a large tilt base displayso you know exactly who gave you a ring , and when . intercom , call-transfer and conference capabilities streamline in-home communication and eliminate disruptive shouting through the home . the telephone uses dect 6.0 digital technology , which delivers exceptional sound quality and security , while ensuring wireless networks and electronic devices do n't interfere with conversations . the tl88102 is expandable to 12 handsets . *3 additional handset *dust blower *high quality microfiber cleaning cloth
hp officejet pro x451dn office printer with print security , remote fleet management & fast printing , hp instant ink & amazon dash replenishment ready ( cn459a ) . performs like a laser , costs half as much : produce quality prints with original hp inks , and save up to 50 % on printing costs versus color lasers . general office mode delivers quality prints at up to 55 pages per minute with hp pagewide technology . energy star certifieduse up to 50 % less energy than lasers . save paper with two-sided printing . empower workgroups with an easy-to-manage printer : simplify printing tasks with an easy-to-use control panel and graphic display . remotely and easily manage your entire fleet with hp web jetadmin and hp 's universal print driver . future-proof your investment with expandable hp jetadvantage and partner solutions . built for business performance you can rely on : print from your smartphone or tablet from virtually anywhere with hp eprint . print up to 9200 pages per cartridge and load up to 1050 sheets at once with the optional paper tray .
hp officejet pro x476dn office printer with print security , remote fleet management & fast printing , hp instant ink & amazon dash replenishment ready ( cn460a ) . performs like a laser , costs half as much : produce quality prints with original hp inks , and save up to 50 % on printing costs versus color lasers . general office mode delivers quality prints at up to 55 pages per minute with hp pagewide technology . save paper automatically and use up to 50 % less energy than lasers with this energy star certified mfp . empower workgroups with an easy-to-manage mfp : tap and swipe the intuitive 4.3-inch color touchscreen to print , copy , scan , fax , and send digital files . remotely and easily manage your entire fleet with hp web jetadmin and hp 's universal print driver future-proof your investment with expandable hp jetadvantage and partner solutions . built for business performance you can rely on : print from your smartphone or tablet from virtually anywhere with hp eprint . print up to 9200 pages per cartridge and load up to 1050 sheets at once with the optional paper tray .
hp officejet pro x476dw office printer with wireless network printing , remote fleet management & fast printing , hp instant ink & amazon dash replenishment ready ( cn461a ) . performs like a laser , costs half as much : produce quality prints with original hp inks , and save up to 50 % on printing costs versus color lasers . general office mode delivers quality prints at up to 55 pages per minute with hp pagewide technology . save paper automatically and use up to 50 % less energy than lasers8 with this energy star certified mfp . empower workgroups with an easy-to-manage mfp : tap and swipe the intuitive 4.3-inch color touchscreen to print , copy , scan , fax , and send digital files . remotely and easily manage your entire fleet with hp web jetadmin and hp 's universal print driver . future-proof your investment with expandable hp jetadvantage and partner solutions . built for business performance you can rely on : print wirelessly from pcs , tablets , and smartphones and print from virtually anywhere with hp eprint . print up to 9200 pages per cartridge and load up to 1050 sheets at once with the optional paper tray .
hp officejet pro x576dw office printer with wireless network printing , remote fleet management & fast printing , hp instant ink & amazon dash replenishment ready ( cn598a ) . performs like a laser , costs half as much : produce quality prints with original hp inks , and save up to 50 % on printing costs versus color lasers . print up to 70 pages per minute with the world 's fastest desktop printer and hp pagewide technology . save paper automatically and use up to 50 % less energy than lasers8 with this energy star certified mfp . empower workgroups with an easy-to-manage mfp : tap and swipe the intuitive 4.3-inch color touchscreen to print , copy , scan , fax , and send digital files . remotely and easily manage your entire fleet with hp web jetadmin and hp 's universal print driver . future-proof your investment with expandable hp jetadvantage and partner solutions . built for business performance you can rely on : in durability testing performed by buyers lab , over 150,000 pages were printed without jams or failure . print wirelessly from pcs , tablets , and smartphones5 and print from virtually anywhere with hp eprint . print up to 9,200 pages per cartridge and load up to 1050 sheets at once with the optional paper tray .
visioneer rw2-wu roadwarrior 2 business scanner . the visioneer roadwarrior 2 is the perfect companion for the mobile professional . weighing just 10.6 ounces ( 300 grams ) , it packs easily in a laptop bag and is powered by the usb port so you can scan anywhere - even when ac power is unavailable . available exclusively at amazon.com , the visioneer roadwarrior 2 is the perfect companion for the mobile professional . weighing just 10.6 ounces ( 300 grams ) , it packs easily in a laptop bag and is powered by the usb port so you can scan anywhere -- even when ac power is unavailable . the roadwarrior 2 quickly produces beautiful , crystal-clear , full-color scans of any document that you feed into it . so , why wait until you get back to the office to organize that stack of paper in your briefcase ? with this lightweight scanner , you can scan your receipts , business cards , magazine articles , newspaper clippings and even photographs -- fast . the roadwarrior 2 will scan almost any document up to 8.5 '' ( 216 mm ) wide and 14 '' ( 356 mm ) long . and because documents can be scanned into a searchable pdf format , you can easily send and share information with your team , clients or headquarters . roadwarrior 2 software allows you to stack your scanned receipts and documents to make organizing easier . bundled software includes nuance paperport , the industry 's leading desktop and image management software , nuance omnipage , nuance pdf converter , presto ! bizcard , visioneer onetouch , visioneer acuity , twain and wia drivers . scan and import business card information with amazing accuracy in just seconds to your favorite contact manager such as outlook , act , goldmine , or your smart phone . worried that your highlighted notes from the meeting wo n't scan clearly ? what about the receipt that was folded in your pocket ? real-world documents are never a problem for the roadwarrior 2. visioneer acuity technology enables roadwarrior 2 to instantly improve the visual clarity of every scanned image . you get perfect scans from imperfect originals . this is one travel companion that you want sitting next to you . and it will never talk while you 're watching your movie in-flight . visioneer onetouch is a utility that connects the buttons on your scanner with a powerful set of scanner settings so that with one push of a button , your scan is automatically sent to a predetermined destination . visioneer acuity enables your scanner to instantly improve the visual clarity of the scan , plus auto-crop , auto-straighten and auto-rotate , all with the touch of a button . nuance pdf converter is the smarter pdf software choice for businesses . combining powerful functionality , superior microsoft office support , built-in intelligence , dms integration , and intuitive ease of use , nuance pdf converter provides everything you need to create , convert , edit , assemble , and securely share pdf files for increased productivity , enhanced collaboration , and improved compliance . the fastest way to organize receipts , expense reports , documents , and photos . nuance omnipage provides thumbnails for popular electronic files with a built-in viewer for pdf , word , excel , and word perfect documents . paperport keeps you organized , even if you 're not . now you can go directly to the folder containing the file you 're looking for -- in one easy step . you do n't have to remember the name or content of the document you need and you wo n't waste time opening too many folders in search of the right file . with just one click of the mouse , you can scan and open documents directly in paperport . improved scanner profiles let you create your own default names that are automatically applied when scanning -- giving you more predictable results every single time . paperport anywhere connects your desktop on the pc to the cloud , so you get automatic access to your most important folders , files , documents , and photos via any device , including mac or pc . bizcard reads and imports business card information with amazing accuracy in just seconds . import business cards to your contact manager such as outlook , act , goldmine , or your favorite pda or smart phone . visioneer roadwarrior 2 scanner with travel bag , usb cable , calibration and cleaning sheets , quick install card , user 's manual dvd , dvd with multiple scanning software programs .
hp photosmart 7525 e-all-in-one inkjet printer : 4.3 '' touch screen , wireless , duplex print , copy , scan , fax . product overview : hp eprint : print from your smartphone or tablet from virtually anywhere . automatic two-sided printing and copying , plus automatic document feeder and photo tray . use the 4.33 '' color touchscreen to easily print , copy , scan , fax and access web content . additional features : easily print borderless photos using the color touchscreen . print sharp photos , get direct access to the web and copy , scan and more . print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone and ipod touch5 . specifications : automatic document feeder : yes . color resolution : 9600 x 2400. copy resolution : 600. copy speed ( black ) : 8 page per minute . copy speed ( color ) : 7.5 page per minute . depth : 17.9 in . duplex printing : yes . duty cycle : 1,250 page per month . expandable memory : 128 megabyte . fax resolution : 201 x 200. maximum paper input capacity : 125 sheet . maximum resolution : 2,400 dot per inch . memory capacity : 128 megabyte . networkable : yes . operating system : windows & mac . optical resolution : 1,200 dot per inch . output tray capacity : 50. paper size : letter . print speed ( black ) : 14 page per minute . print speed ( color ) : 10 page per minute . printer connectivity : wireless . printer output color : color . printer resolution ( black ) : 600. printer resolution ( color ) : 9600 x 2400. printer type : ink jet . resolution : 600 x 600. scanning resolution : 1200. style of document scanners : flatbed . usb ports : 1. weight : 18.94 lb . width : 17.9 in . wireless standard compatibility : 802.11b g n with software : yes .
hp deskjet 3056a - wireless inkjet multifunction printer copier scanner . hp deskjet 3056a e-all-in-one printer prints , scans and copies wirelessly . you can now print from your smartphone or tablet from virtually anywhere . bonus ! hallmark card studio express 5 software download what 's in the box : hp deskjet 3056a e-all-in-one ( j611 ) ; hp 61 black ink cartridge ( ~190 pages ) ; hp 61 tri-color ink cartridge ( ~165 pages ) ; software cd ; setup poster ; power supply ; power cord ; 1-meter usb cable . for ink volume and page yield information , visit hp.com go learnaboutsupplies warranty : world-class service and support . one-year technical phone support ; one-year limited hardware warranty . access to 24 7 award-winning support services through http : www.hp.com support
verifone vx520 dual comm credit card machine- with smart card reader . product description proven , popular platform - evolved for today runs on the advanced vx evolution platform - powered by the time-tested verix operating system , with over 7 million verix-based devices sold backward compatibility eliminates retraining for sales , support and deployment consistency and high usability ensure lower cost of ownership and ease of use unparalleled features deliver next level performance generates new recurring revenues from value-added applications , thanks to an extraordinary increase in memory of 160 mb standard , increasing to over 500 mb takes advantage of the industry 's fastest processor to handle encryption , decryption and processing at lightning speeds - moving more transactions in the same time for greater profits offers a full range of connectivity options with choice of dial , dial and ethernet , or dial , ethernet and gprs - optional battery enables mobility because there are no distance constraints uniquely designed communication port area neatly connects cables under the device for clean countertops incorporates an integrated contactless reader ( optional ) into the sleek device combines an ergonomic design , small footprint and unique cable management system to optimize handover usage reassuring confidence from full spectrum security pci ped 2.0 approval is standard , with the option of pci pts 3.0 provides end-to-end encryption with verishield protect , to maximize protection against fraud and misuse superior value from extended life design leverages verifone 's unmatched reputation for quality with longer-life components to extend the field life
inkowl - universal chip resetter for most 7-pin epson ink cartridges - check the description to see if your printer is included ! . 9-pin cartridges that the chip resetter works with : t071 t077 t078 t079 t080 t088 t0711 t0712 t0713 t0714 t0771 t0772 t0773 t0774 t0775 t0776 t0781 t0782 t0783 t0784 t0785 t0786 t0791 t0792 t0793 t0794 t0795 t0796 t0801 t0802 t0803 t0804 t0805 t0806 t0881 t0882 t0883 t0884 t071140 t071240 t071340 t071440 t077120 t077220 t077320 t077420 t077520 t077620 t078 t079 t080 t088 7-pin cartridges that the chip resetter works with : t007 t008 t009 t015 t016 t017 t018 t026 t027 t028 t029 t0321 t0322 t0323 t0324 t042 t0422 t0423 t0424 t0331 t0332 t0333 t0334 t0335 t0336 t0341 t0342 t0343 t0344 t0345 t0346 t0347 t0348 t036 t037 t038 t039 t040 t041 t0431 t0441 t0442 t0443 t0444 t0451 t0452 t0453 t0454 t0461 t0472 t0473 t0474 t0481 t0482 t0483 t0484 t0485 t0486 t0491 t0492 t0493 t0494 t0495 t0496 t0540 t0541 t0542 t0543 t0544 t0547 t0548 t0549 t0551 t0552 t0553 t0554 t0561 t0562 t0563 t0564 t0591 t0592 t0593 t0594 t0595 t0596 t0597 t0598 t0599 t0601 t0602 t0603 t0604 t0611 t0612 t0613 t0614 t0621 t0631 t0632 t0633 t0634 t057 t058 t066 t067 t559 t5591 t5592 t5593 t5594 t5595 t5596 t007201 t008201 t009201 t015201 t016201 t017201 t018201 t026201 t027201 t028201 t029201 t032120 t032220 t032320 t032420 t033120 t033220 t033320 t033420 t033520 t033620 t034120 t034220 t034320 t034420 t034520 t034620 t034720 t034820 t036120 t037020 t038120 t038125 t039020 t039025 t039125 t040120 t041020 t042220 t042320 t042420 t043120 t044120 t044220 t044320 t044420 t045120 t0452
hp deskjet 1056 all-in-one printer -- print scan copy . hp deskjet 1056 all-in-one printer -- print scan copy
dell computer b2360dn monochrome printer . discover value and dependability in a network-ready printer built for small and medium business . the dell b2360dn offers a high duty cycle and duplexing capability .
c1765nf led multifunction printer - color - plain paper print - desktop . simple to use and maintain join the network : share your multifunction printer over a small network with built-in ethernet . operate with ease : initiate tasks quickly using the four-line lcd display and 34 button control panel . save resources : optimize energy efficiency with the energy star -qualified c1765nf featuring innovative led printing technology . keep maintenance costs low : save on upkeep with a single drum fuser unit designed to last the life of the printer . all you have to replace are the toner cartridges .
canon pixma mg5420 wireless color photo printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . the canon pixma mg5420 energy star wireless inkjet photo all-in-one printer produces amazing detail in both business documents and photographs with 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi and a 5-color ink system . plus , replacing those inks is quick and easy with the snap edge feature . with its dual color gamut processing technology , the remarkable mg5420 faithfully reproduces the colors of your original documents . thanks to apple airprint , google cloud print and pixma cloud link , the mg5420 lets you print wirelessly from your compatible smartphone or tablet . you can also view beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . you can also print and scan jpeg and pdf files wirelessly from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , windows rt and android devices without a computer , thanks to the free epp app . view larger five individual ink tank system view larger for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . auto duplex printing view larger overview the pixma mg5420 wireless1 inkjet photo all-in-one . like all pixma printers , the mg5420 produces amazing detail in both business documents and photographs with 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi2 and a 5-color ink system . and replacing those inks is quick and easy with the snap edge feature . with its dual color gamut processing technology , the remarkable mg5420 faithfully reproduces the colors of your original documents . and thanks to apple airprint3 , google cloud print4 and pixma cloud link5 , the mg5420 lets you print wirelessly from your compatible smartphone or tablet . you can also view beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . plus , you can print and scan jpeg and pdf files wirelessly from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , windows rt and android devices without a computer , thanks to the free epp app.6 have all new sorts of fun with your images by adding effects like fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print . whats more , its advanced paper handling gives you several printing options : print on cds and dvds , as well as load plain and photo paper at the same time , so you are always ready to print . plus , its built-in auto duplex printing helps you save time by automatically printing on both sides of the paper . superior resolution : 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi2 firing with 1pl produces incredible quality and detail in both your borderless photos , crafts , business documents and web pages . print beautiful , borderless photos , fast : print a borderless , 4-inch x 6-inch photo in approximately 20 seconds.7 chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon inks and select genuine canon photo papers for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.9 high performance , five individual ink tank system : this 5-color ink system consists of four dye-based inks plus a pigment-based black ink , producing exceptional photos and crisp , laser-quality text . so , you only replace the color ink tank that runs out . print documents and web pages , fast : print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 15.0 images per minute ( ipm ) for black and 10.0 images per minute ( ipm ) for color.8 snap edge : quickly and easily replace your inks with the new snap edge feature . my image garden : my image garden software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy with great facial recognition , fun filters , calendar organization , automatic layout suggestions and so much more . full hd movie print : the full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with your canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful prints.10 fun filter effects : have all sorts of fun with your images by adding new effects such as : fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this saves you time and can cut your paper usage by up to 50 % . built-in cd and dvd printing : conveniently print directly onto inkjet printable cds , dvds or blu-ray discs . auto document fix : auto document fix delivers beautiful , easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . so , your document text can be darkened with pronounced edges for clear , sharp text that 's easy to read , and pictures will maintain color tone and contrast . auto scan mode : automatically recognizes the type of original being scanned , then scans and saves with the suitable settings.12 quick start : after pressing the power button you can begin inputting commands in mere seconds . so , full operation is possible in a much shorter time . auto photo fix ii : this built-in technology automatically categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image and multi-zone exposure correction . so , unexposed areas of the photo will be optimized , area by area and faces that are backlit and under-exposed will automatically be brightened and color corrected to help ensure more accurate skin tones for gorgeous images . easy-webprint ex : print what you want off the web , easily . easy-webprint ex allows you to create your own layout , take different sections of different websites and put them all on one page . move , resize and trim your clips , insert notes and edit text , make it a portrait or landscape , print up to three columns on a page and even save the layout as a pdf file.11 beautiful and borderless : print photo lab quality from 4-inch x 6-inch up to 8.5-inch x 11-inch.7 scroll wheel : quickly access and select the various features available for faster operation . 3.0-inch lcd : easily view , select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing . no downloading or computer needed , just pick your picture and print . advanced media handling : allows you to load plain and photo paper right into the front of the printer at the same time so you are always ready to print . also allows you to print on cds and dvds . evernote : quickly and easily scan your documents and papers from your printer or scanner . evernote will make your documents searchable , so you can always find what you need at anytime , on any device . built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house.1 pictbridge : do n't feel like using a computer ? no problem . a pictbridge connection allows you to print photos directly from your compatible digital camera , dv camcorder or camera phone . pixma cloud link : conveniently print pictures from online photo albums canon image gateway and picasa as well as templates including seasonal stationary and calendars from wherever you are to wherever a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one is , without a computer.5 mobile device printing : take full advantage of canon 's wi-fi connectivity to unlock , print and share your stored images right on the spot . print your photos wirelessly from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch and android devices.6 hi-speed usb : plug the cable into your computer for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . airprint : take advantage of wi-fi connectivity and print what you see on your compatible ipad , iphone , or ipod touch to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . print photos , e-mails , web pages , and other documents directly to these devices whether you 're in another room or in a different section of the house . no need to install drivers , saving you time and creating a seamless user experience.9 1. wireless printing requires a working ethernet network with wireless 802.11b g or n capability . wireless performance may vary based on terrain and distance between the printer and wireless network clients . 2. resolution may vary based on printer driver setting . color ink droplets can be placed with a horizontal pitch of 1 9600 inch at minimum . 3. printer firmware update may be necessary for airprint function . certain exceptions may apply . a pc running windows xp or later or a mac running os 10.5.8 or later and usb cable required to perform firmware update . airprint functionality requires an ipad , iphone 3gs or later , or ipod touch 3rd generation or later device running ios 4.2 or later , and an airprint-enabled printer connected to the same network as your ios device . a printer connected to the usb port of your mac , pc , airport base station , or time capsule is not supported . 4. requires an internet connection and google account . printer firmware update may be necessary for google cloud print function . subject to google terms of service . certain exceptions may apply . a pc running windows xp or later or a mac running os x v10.5.8 or later and usb cable required to perform firmware update . 5. requires an internet connection . 6. requires canon easy-photoprint for iphone app , available for free on the app store , canon easy-photoprint for android app available for free on google play , or canon easy-photoprint for windows rt available for free in the windows store . compatible with iphone 3g , 3gs , 4 , 4s , 5 , ipad , ipad mini , ipod touch , android devices running android os 1.6 or later , and windows rt devices . 7. envelopes and high resolution paper are not supported for borderless printing . 8. iso iec 24734 , 24735 define the default print and copy speed measurement methods . print speeds are the averages of esat in office category test for the default simplex mode , iso iec 24734 , excluding time to print the first set . see www.usa.canon.com ipm for additional details . 9. based on accelerated testing by canon in dark storage under controlled temperature , humidity and gas conditions , simulating storage in an album with plastic sleeves . canon can not guarantee the longevity of prints ; results may vary depending on printed image , drying time , display storage conditions , and environmental factors . see www.usa.canon.com chromalife100plus for additional details . 10 . `` full hd movie print '' is available from `` mov '' and `` mp4 '' movie files created by select canon eos , powershot and vixia digital cameras and camcorders . requires a pc , or mac with intel processor and canon zoombrowser ex 6.5 or later or canon imagebrowser 6.5 or later for `` mov '' files , or canon imagebrowser ex 1.0 or later for `` mov '' or `` mp4 '' files . 11. easy-webprint ex requires internet explorer 7 or 8 for windows , internet explorer 9 for windows vista sp2 ( or later ) or windows 7 , or safari 4.0 - 5.0 for mac os x v10.5.8 - 10.6.x . 12. for network users , auto scan mode is only available when scanning at a computer using mp navigator ex software and selecting the 1-click feature then `` save to pc '' . 13. warranty programs are subject to certain conditions and restrictions . see www.usa.canon.com support for details . prices and specifications subject to change without notice . actual prices are determined by individual dealers and may vary .
canon office products ip7220 wireless color photo printer . advanced wireless photo printer featuring auto duplex printing , cd dvd printing and dual paper cassettes view larger five individual ink tank system view larger for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . auto duplex printing view larger overview the pixma ip7220 premium wireless1 inkjet photo printer delivers a true photo lab quality experience at home . print gorgeous , borderless2 photos at your desk up to 8.5-inch x 11-inch size with a maximum print color resolution of 9600 x 2400 dpi3 and five individual ink tanks . built-in auto duplex printing allows you to automatically print on both sides of the paper and can help reduce paper usage and cost by up to 50 % . the ip7220 also lets you print on your cd , dvd and blu-ray discs . you can even you turn your hd movie clips into beautiful photos4 . have a whole new sort of fun with your images by adding effects like fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print with fun filter effects . plus , printing and automatically correcting your photos has never been easier thanks to auto photo fix ii , which can be found within the easyphoto-print ex software5 . what 's more , a quiet mode helps keep the peace in your office or home studio . superior resolution : 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi3 firing with 1pl produces incredible quality and detail in both your borderless photos , crafts , business documents and web pages . print beautiful , borderless photos , fast : print a borderless , 4-inch x 6-inch photo in approximately 21 seconds.6 chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon inks and select genuine canon photo papers for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album7 . high performance , five individual ink tank system : this 5-color ink system consists of four dye-based inks plus a pigment-based black ink , producing exceptional photos and crisp , laser-quality text . so , you only replace the color ink tank that runs out . print documents and web pages , fast : print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 15.0 images per minute ( ipm ) for black and 10.0 images per minute ( ipm ) for color6 . my image garden : my image garden software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy with great facial recognition , fun filters , calendar organization , automatic layout suggestions and so much more . full hd movie print : the full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with your canon eos digital slr or powershot cameras into beautiful prints.4 fun filter effects : have all sorts of fun with your images by adding new effects such as : fish eye , miniature , toy camera , soft focus and blur background before you print . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this saves you time and can cut your paper usage by up to 50 % . built-in cd and dvd printing : conveniently print directly onto inkjet printable cds , dvds or blu-ray discs . auto photo fix ii : this built-in technology automatically categorizes your images into one of five types - portrait , scenery , night scenery , snapshot with scenery , and snapshot with night scenery - then applies optimal image and multi-zone exposure correction . so , unexposed areas of the photo will be optimized , area by area and faces that are backlit and under-exposed will automatically be brightened and color corrected to help ensure more accurate skin tones for gorgeous images . easy-webprint ex : print what you want off the web , easily . easy-webprint ex allows you to create your own layout , take different sections of different websites and put them all on one page . move , resize and trim your clips , insert notes and edit text , make it a portrait or landscape , print up to three columns on a page and even save the layout as a pdf file.8 beautiful and borderless : print photo lab quality from 4-inch x 6-inch up to 8.5-inch x 11-inch.2 two-way paper feeding : load paper from the front cassette or rear tray so whether you want photo paper in one and plain paper in the other you 're ready for superior quality printing . built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house.1 airprint : take advantage of wi-fi connectivity and print what you see on your compatible ipad , iphone or ipod touch to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . print photos , emails , web pages and other documents directly to these devices whether you 're in another room or in a different section of the house . no need to install drivers , saving you time and creating a seamless user experience.9 hi-speed usb : plug the cable into your computer for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . 1. wireless printing requires a working ethernet network with wireless 802.11b g or n capability . wireless performance may vary based on terrain and distance between the printer and wireless network clients . 2. envelopes and high resolution paper are not supported for borderless printing . 3. resolution may vary based on printer driver setting . color ink droplets can be placed with a horizontal pitch of 1 9600 inch at minimum . 4 . `` full hd movie print '' is available from `` mov '' and `` mp4 '' movie files created by select canon eos , powershot and vixia digital cameras and camcorders . requires pc , or mac with intel processor and canon zoombrowser ex 6.5 or later or canon imagebrowser 6.5 or later for `` mov '' files , or canon imagebrowser ex 1.0 or later for `` mov '' or `` mp4 '' files . 5. requires canon easy-photoprint for iphone app , available for free on the app store , canon easy-photoprint for android app available for free on google play , or canon easy-photoprint for windows rt available for free in the windows store . compatible with iphone 3g , 3gs , 4 , 4s , 5 , ipad , ipad mini , ipod touch , android devices running android os 1.6 or later , and windows rt devices . 6. iso iec 24734 , 24735 define the default print and copy speed measurement methods . print speeds are the averages of esat in office category test for the default simplex mode , iso iec 24734 , excluding time to print the first set . see www.usa.canon.com ipm for additional details . 7. based on accelerated testing by canon in dark storage under controlled temperature , humidity and gas conditions , simulating storage in an album with plastic sleeves . canon can not guarantee the longevity of prints ; results may vary depending on printed image , drying time , display storage conditions , and environmental factors . see www.usa.canon.com chromalife100plus for additional details . 8. easy-webprint ex requires internet explorer 7 or 8 for windows , internet explorer 9 for windows vista sp2 ( or later ) or windows 7 , or safari 4.0 - 5.0 for mac os x v10.5.8 - 10.6.x . 9. printer firmware update may be necessary for airprint function . certain exceptions may apply . a pc running windows xp or later or a mac running os 10.5.8 or later and usb cable required to perform firmware update . airprint functionality requires an ipad , iphone 3gs or later , or ipod touch 3rd generation or later device running ios 4.2 or later , and an airprint-enabled printer connected to the same network as your ios device . a printer connected to the usb port of your mac , pc , airport base station , or time capsule is not supported . 10. to install using windows os , .net framework 4 is required . compatible still image formats are pdf ( created using canon pdf creator only ) , jpeg ( exif ) , tiff , and png . compatible video formats are mov ( from select canon digital cameras only ) and mp4 ( from select canon digital camcorders only ) . 11. iso iec 24734 , 24735 define the default print and copy speed measurement methods . print speeds are the averages of esat in office category test for the default simplex mode , iso iec 24734 , excluding time to print the first set . copy speed is the average of fcot , iso iec 24735 annex d. adf copy speed is the average of esat in general performance test for the default simplex mode , iso iec 24735 , excluding time to copy the first set . see our www.usa.canon.com ipm for additional details . 12. creative park premium is a premium content service available exclusively to users only when all of the colors of genuine canon inks are installed . 13. warranty programs are subject to certain conditions and restrictions . see www.usa.canon.com support for details .  prices and specifications subject to change without notice . actual prices are determined by individual dealers and may vary .
canon canoscan 9000f mkii photo , film and negative scanner , flatbed . enjoy high-speed scanning for everything from photos to documents to 35 mm film while also enjoying superb quality . the canoscan 9000f mark ii color image scanner is a high-speed scanner with professional film scanning quality . with 9600 x 9600 maximum color dpi1 , it produces incredible detail in both business documents and photographs . the canoscan 9000f mark ii also helps you get the most out of your photos and documents with my image garden2 software , offering a simple and intuitive way to scan and organize your files . view larger view larger overview enjoy high-speed scanning for everything from photos to documents to 35 mm film while also enjoying superb quality . the canoscan 9000f mark ii color image scanner is a high-speed scanner with professional film scanning quality . with 9600 x 9600 maximum color dpi1 , it produces incredible detail in both business documents and photographs . the canoscan 9000f mark ii also helps you get the most out of your photos and documents with my image garden2 software , offering a simple and intuitive way to scan and organize your files . the canoscan 9000f mark ii features our super toric lens , delivering pin-sharp scans from edge-to-edge and bright , low-noise images . it requires zero warm-up time3 and offers lower power consumption with super-efficient white leds . in addition , its fare level 3 feature provides dust and scratch removal , along with fading , grain and backlight correction . plus , its auto scan mode automatically adjusts settings by detecting what you 're scanning . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . superb scanning resolution : when you combine 9600 x 9600 maximum color resolution1 ( film scanning ) with a vivid 48-bit color depth and over 281 trillion possible colors , the results will astound you . continue your scanning brilliance with tremendous 19,200 x 19,200 ( interpolated ) software enhanced scans . ez buttons : utilize the seven ez buttons to automate the entire scanning process . copy , scan and create email attachments or pdf files simply with the push of a button . auto scan mode : with the press of a single button you have the ability to bring eight steps into one as you scan your photo , document or personal notebook and have the type of original automatically recognized . in addition , the original is automatically cropped to proper size , scanned and saved in the appropriate file format . my image garden : my image garden software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy with great facial recognition , fun filters , calendar organization , automatic layout suggestions and so much more . 35 mm film : make your old photos look virtually brand new again with the special film scanning guide frame and film adapter unit by scanning one film strip at a time at a maximum 9600 color dpi.1 auto document fix : auto document fix delivers beautiful and easy-to-view scan results by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction , automatically . text characters stand out and are sharp and clear , while pictures maintain their color , tone and contrast . fare level 3 : this built-in retouching technology delivers automatic correction to photos and film , removing much of the dust and scratches while restoring their color all at the same time . restore the life of your memories automatically instead of having to spend lots of time manually retouching them . gutter shadow correction : this built-in correction removes the shadow typically seen when scanning a page from a book . this `` gutter '' is eliminated , delivering a clean scan of the page - not the dark gutter . usb 2.0 hi-speed : scan and transfer images to your computer at the fastest possible scanning speeds with this connection . the usb 2.0 hi-speed interface also allows for quick previews of your images to your computer . 1. for document types other than films , the maximum resolution is 4800 x 4800 dpi . 2. to install using windows os , .net framework 4 is required . compatible still image formats are pdf ( created using canon pdf creator only ) , jpeg ( exif ) , tiff , and png . compatible video formats are mov ( from select canon digital cameras only ) and mp4 ( from select canon digital camcorders only ) . 3. the time required for the light source to reach sufficient operating temperature . 4. optical resolution is a measure of maximum hardware sampling resolution , based on iso 14473 standard . prices and specifications subject to change without notice . actual prices are determined by individual dealers and may vary .
indiary first pocket journal diary luxury buffalo leather 100 % handcrafted cotton paper 5x4 '' - a6 - black . indiary - genuine leather diaries this luxurious leather journal comes in a classic style and has been manufactured just from the best parts of buffalo leather with highest quality . experts instantly understand the value the handiwork applied in the fabrication of the smooth , soft buffalo leather . the pages are entirely manufactured from only the best handmade paper and well suited to use with ink and calligraphy ink as well as plain pencil . the papers are tightly bound so that the journal can follow you wherever you go and whatever you do , as a note- or sketchbook , or collecting your thoughts to name a few examples . without a doubt a remarkably individual gift and a valuable possession full of personality . highlights : - made just from the finest , manually processed buffalo leather with a clean , refined finish your awesome gift idea for your friends , family or for yourself !
canon 6432b001 pgi-250 xl black ink cartridge . compatible to : mg5520 , mg6620 , mg7120 , mg7520 , mg5420 , mg5422 , mg5520 , mg5522 , mg5620 , mg6320 , mg6420 , mg6620 , mg7120 , mg7520 , mx722 , mx922 , ip7220 , ip8720 , and ix6820
canon ink cli-251 y xl individual ink tank . compatible to : mg5520 , mg6620 , mg7120 , mg7520 , mg5420 , mg5422 , mg5520 , mg5522 , mg5620 , mg6320 , mg6420 , mg6620 , mg7120 , mg7520 , mx722 , mx922 , ip7220 , ip8720 , and ix6820
kloud city wood bookstand laptop ipad book stand holder . kloud city ? wood bookstand laptop ipad book stand holder
artistic 20 '' x 36 '' rhinolin ii ultra-smooth writing pad desk mat with exclusive microban antimicrobial protection , black . the rhinolin ii ultra-smooth writing pad provides the writer with a premier writing surface that self-heals so pressure lines and nicks disappear . infused with microban antimicrobial protection this desk pad keeps your desk surface clean and new looking . anti-skid micro-foam back keeps pad firmly in place and the black matte finish adds style to your while reducing eye strain .
( hot sale ! ) 2.4g wireless handheld usb automatic laser barcode scanner reader high speed . features : `` offline mode '' , where all of the data is saved on the device itself ( to 500-10000 codes barcodes ) . this means you can take scanner anywhere and not be limited by distance or have a computer in close proximity . once done , all the date can be uploaded . `` system support '' , mac os windows 98 windows xp windows vista windows 7 . `` word or excel '' , the scanner is able to scan directly into word or excel , and make sure that a newline was inserted after the scan . `` auto sleep mode '' , if you do not use the scanner for a while , it goes into a sleep mode and immediately wakes once the trigger is depressed . specification : current:25 mawork95 mamax250mabattery charging read rate:100 time sec resolution 4mil high resolution series 5mil long depth field series scanning angle:606542left-right forward-backspin symbol supported : upc-aupc-eean-13ean-8ean-14ucc ean 128code 128 code 39code 39 full ascii , code93codabar nw7 , interleaued 25 , industrial 25 , code11msi plessey , isbn issn isbt , bearer , bookland , code cip , german post , itf14 , itf16 , logmars , dun-14 , code 32 , imei battery:3.7v 750mah , li-ion charge time:2.5 hours scan time:20 hours bit error rate:1 ( 5million ) flash rom:3kb the reasons you buy from us : 1. outstanding store positive feedback rate:99 % . 2. quality:100 % guarantee a-class level ; price:20 dollars less than otherswe are doing promotion now , so do n't miss it . 3. one-year warranty .
sharp xea107 entry level cash register with led display . the xe-a107 entry level cash register is the perfect partner for a small business owner who needs an electronic cash register thats big on performance but small in size . packed with convenient features like simplified programming key strokes , an external bill tray , and removable key tops for easy cleaning , the xe-a107 was designed for easy setup and reliability . the media slot on the front of the cash drawer provides a quick and secure place to deposit bills and checks without the constant hassle of lifting a coin tray . with the sharp xe-a107 cash register , managing sales and taxes has never been so simple ! in order to help with initial configuration and long turn assistance to our retail customers , sharp provides web-based support tools via dedicated website ( www.sharp-register.com ) that offers instructional videos , faqs , and manuals so users can get support 24 7. additionally , all sharp cash registers come with one year of access to a toll-free technical support hotline to assist with setup and operation . sharp electronics sharp strives to help you create a balance between work and personal time with products that enhance life at work , at home , and everywhere in between . sharp is dedicated to improving lives through the use of advanced technology and a commitment to innovation , quality , value and design . the xe-a107 entry level cash register is the perfect partner for a small business owner who needs an electronic cash register that 's big on performance but small in size . packed with convenient features like simplified programming key strokes , an external bill tray , and removable key tops for easy cleaning , the xe-a107 was designed for easy setup and reliability . the media slot on the front of the cash drawer provides a quick and secure place to deposit bills and checks without the constant hassle of lifting a coin tray . with the sharp xe-a107 cash register , managing sales and taxes has never been so simple ! 8 pre-programmed departments - easily separate product types . 80 price look-ups - for fast print speed and quiet operation . clear removable keytops - convenient and easy-to-clean . large display - 8 digits , 7 segments with large , high contrast led for easy viewing . flash reporting - provide up-to-date sales analysis . wide key layout and larger frequently used function keys - make operation easier . 4 clerk numbers - monitor sales by individual employees . locking cash drawer - with 4-slot bill , 5-slot removable coin tray . locking cash drawer - with 4-slot bill , 5-slot removable coin tray . xe-a107 xe-a207 xe-a407 xe-a507
perixx dx-1000xl , gaming mouse pad - 15.75 '' x12.60 '' x0.12 '' dimension - non-slip rubber base - special treated textured weave . compatible with gaming , office , and professional work . dx-1000 series offer the speed type gaming mouse pad that support all-purpose office and gaming environment . engineered to exceed the exacting demands of the world 's top professional gamers , the highly-adaptable perixx dx-1000 successfully melds the full-scale speed , acceleration and responsiveness of mats with the comfort offered by uncoated soft pads . boasting an improved iteration of woven fiber technology . every inch of the perixx dx-1000 's surface is a glide-versus-resistance sweet spot , making it suitable for all mouse sensitivity setups and play styles . dx-1000 is now better and stronger with an anti-fraying stitched frame for extended durability . retaining its slick speed-enhancing surface that blends high acceleration with sharp responsiveness and unyielding control .
hp paper tray for officejet 8600 e-all-in-one . extra paper tray allows availability of different media . reduce trips to the printer and improve work group performance . accessory type : paper tray .
westcott electric ipoint evolution axis heavy duty pencil sharpener , black and silver . westcott electric ipoint evolution axis heavy duty pencil sharpener features ultra-quiet operation , fast sharpening with auto stop , and accommodates multiple pencil sizes . from the manufacturer : westcott develops home and office products unmatched in style , design and performance . we continue to deliver results that are both inspirational and functional , earning the title of `` the world 's favorite scissors '' year after year .
canon cli-42 8 pk value pack ink , 8 pack . great ink savings with canon value packs
hi-vision hi-yields compatible ink cartridge replacement for hewlett-packard ( hp ) 940xl ( 1 black , 1 cyan , 1 yellow , 1 magenta , 4-pack ) . hi-vision hi-yields compatible ink cartridge replacement for hp940xl works with the following machines : hp officejet pro 8000 wireless printer - a809n , hp officejet pro 8500 wireless all-in-one printer - a909g , hp officejet pro 8500 premier all-in-one printer - a909n , hp officejet pro 8500 all-in-one printer - a909a , hp officejet pro 8500a premium e-all-in-one printer - a910n , hp officejet pro 8500a plus e-all-in-one printer - a910g , hp officejet pro 8500a e-all-in-one printer - a910a , hp officejet pro 8000 enterprise printer - a811a
hallowell kid locker , 15 '' w x 15 '' d x 48 '' h , 721 relay red ( red ) , single tier , 1-wide , knock-down . available in 7 colors , hallowell kid lockers are the ideal compliment to the dcor of sports themed rooms , kid 's bedrooms , basements and garages . easy to assemble .
canon imageformula p-208 scan-tini personal document scanner ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . imageformula p-208 : the ultra-compact , productive scanner for mobile or home users . the compact and stylish p-208 mobile scanner is the perfect choice for traveling executives and home users . a 10-sheet adf and high speed duplex scanning ensure productivity is always maintained . the canon imageformula p-208 scan-tini personal document scanners ultra-compact size and robust features help make it ideal for mobile use at home , the office , and anywhere in between . it can be moved from location to location as easily as it moves paper-based information to windows and mac devices , and beyond . the canon imageformula p-208 scan-tini personal document scanner is ideal for stationary users and road warriors . it provides general purpose scanning of various items , including receipts , business cards , photographs , bills , contracts , reports , letters , plastic id cards or driver licenses , and more . whether used at home or in the office , the device can help improve personal efficiency , organization , and productivity . users can benefit from its ultra-compact size and flexibility , scanning items with ease and helping reduce paper in the process . canon 's captureontouch software tool ( windows mac ) can help increase user productivity by simplifying the document scanning process . the intuitive interface enables users to quickly and efficiently scan documents and automatically distribute them . for investment protection , ecarepak options are available on the p-208 scanner . ecarepak extends service beyond the initial one-year advanced exchange warranty period , saving on costs associated with post-purchase maintenance and maximizing uptime throughout the product life . main canon imageformula p-208 scan-tini personal document scanner unit , safekeeping bag , usb cable , setup dvd , setup guide , supplement for autostart switch , warranty card .
led open closed with remote control . product dimensions : 23 x 1 x 14 inches .
inktoneram compatible ink cartridges replacement for hp 940xl officejet pro 8000 8500 8500a c4906an c4907an c4908an c4909an ( [ black , cyan , magenta , yellow ] , 4-pack ) . ( 1 set of 4 inktoneram replacement ink cartridges to replace 940xl ink cartridges c4906an black , c4907an cyan , c4908an magenta , c4909an yellow ) these are the compatible replacement ink cartridge to replace the 940xl ink cartridges . the replacement ink cartridges replace the original 940xl cartridges . our compatible ink cartridges deliver documents with high quality details and clarity . getting the replacement ink cartridge for 940xl ink cartridges is a cost-effective choice that will provide you with best quality and reliability at great discounted price . our compatible ( iso9001 certified ) replacement ink cartridges are thoroughly tested and inspected to ensure oem-equivalent yields and performance . the compatible ink cartridges to replace 940xl compatible ink cartridges are designed to work with : officejet pro : 8000 8500 8500a . ( this is a compatible replacement product only . this is non-oem . )
iconvert scanner for ipad and iphone devices . original packaging , very good condition
key finder 4 color coded receivers and 1 transmitter with base support . find your keys , glasses , and more with just the click of a button . the transmitter works through walls and floors and has a range of 100 feet . the receivers can attach to keys by a key ring , be placed in a glasses protective cover , or use the double sided adhesive tape and stick it to anything you might lose ! how to use : 1. attach color coded receivers to keys or other items with key rings or double sided tape . 2. press the color-coded button on the transmitter . 3. if the receiver is within 100 ' of the lost item , the receiver will beep and the led indicator will flash . 4. if you do not hear a beep , change your location and press the button again .
deluxe black professional 3-ring portfolio by bags for less .
large black zippered padfolio with clipboard by bags for less . bags for less these stylish large black zippered padfolio with clipboard bring a sense of elegance . when opened a neat , metal clipboard top holds a notepad tightly in place . for extra storage , these sophisticated portfolios also have elastic pen loops and a large document pocket , 6 business card slots , 1 pocket for cell phone , pda , calculator , etc
houseables money bill cash counter bank machine count currency counting with automatic uv and mg counterfeit detection .
canon pgi-250xl pigment black ink , twin value pack , compatible to mg5520 , mg6620 , mg5420 , mg5422 , mg5522 , mg5620 , mg6320 , mg6420 , mg7120 , mg7520 , mx722 , mx922 , ip7220 , ip8720 , and ix6820 . great ink savings with canon combo packs
canon pixma mx452 wireless inkjet office all-in-one ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . the canon pixma mx452 energy star wireless inkjet office all-in-one printer delivers superior quality , versatility and ease to your home office . this begins with built-in wi-fi for printing and scanning anywhere in your home from computers and compatible mobile devices . it also includes airprint , which lets you wirelessly print from your ipad , iphone or ipod touch devices . an integrated 30-sheet auto document feeder speeds up copying and faxing capabilities , while the fastfront system makes changing ink and paper easy and convenient . with easy webprint ex you can easily collect and combine , multiple web pages to create and print your own layout . view larger . overview the pixma mx452 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one delivers superior quality , versatility and ease to your home office . this begins with built-in wi-fi1 for printing and scanning anywhere in your home from computers and compatible mobile devices.2 it also includes airprint3 , which lets you wirelessly print from your ipad , iphone or ipod touch devices . 4800 x 1200 maximum color resolution5 and the fine cartridge system means superb business document printing and efficiency while built-in imaging technology insures the integrity of originals are preserved with each copy and scan . the pixma mx452 also allows you to turn your office into a photo lab . print beautiful , borderless6 photo lab quality photos up to 8.5 x 11 inches in size . my image garden7 software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy . the pixma mx452 delivers the business imaging quality and versatile solutions that can assist you in bringing your business to the next level . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . fantastic resolution : 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi5 produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance ink cartridges : these two genuine canon ink cartridges contain specially formulated inks for great document and photo quality . one is a pigment black cartridge for text and one is a multi-color cartridge for pictures and graphics . both are easy to use and replace . beautiful , borderless photos fast : print a borderless , 4 x 6-inch photo in approximately 46 seconds.6 . chromalife100 : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 100 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.8 my image garden : my image garden software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy with great facial recognition , fun filters , calendar organization , automatic layout suggestions and so much more . fully-integrated , 30-sheet auto document feeder : easily copy , scan and fax multiple documents without having to load them one page at a time . enjoy full integration so the printer can better fit in tight workspaces . fastfront : this innovative design feature allows for even easier replacement of your genuine canon ink and papers right from the front of the machine . full hd movie print : the full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with compatible canon eos digital slr , powershot cameras or vixia camcorders into beautiful prints.9 . 2-line lcd : easily set print and copy quantities while also viewing the printer 's status . auto scan mode : with one press of the scan button your original is automatically recognized and saved in the correct format.10 auto document fix : this built-in software automatically analyzes and corrects both text and image documents so text will remain clear and easy to read , and pictures will keep their true color . quick start : after pressing the power button you can begin inputting commands in mere seconds , so full operation is possible in a much shorter time . auto photo fix ii : this built-in technology automatically categorizes your images into one of five types then applies optimal image and multi-zone exposure correction . evernote : quickly and easily scan your documents and papers from your printer or scanner . evernote will make your documents searchable , so you can always find what you need at anytime , on any device . built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly1 from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house . airprint : wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , phone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . there 's no software to download , no drivers to install , and no cables to connect . just see it , tap it , and print it.3 super g3 fax : the high speed business fax6 standard for color and pc facsimiles on plain paper meets the home office workhorse with 20 coded speed dials and up to 50 incoming pages.7 mobile device printing : the free easyphoto-print app lets you wirelessly print and scan jpg and pdf files from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , and android devices.2 usb 2.0 hi-speed : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . pixma mx452 wireless office all-in-one printer ; document kit : cross sell sheet , getting started , important information sheet , network setup troubleshooting , setup software & user 's guide cd-rom , warranty card ; ink tanks : pg-240 ( black cartridge ) , cl-241 ( color cartridge ) ; power cord , telephone line cable
canon pixma mx522 wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax . the canon pixma mx522 energy star wireless inkjet office all-in-one printer makes wireless printing easy from many different devices . the printer comes with built-in wi-fi for printing and scanning anywhere in your home from computers and compatible mobile devices . it also includes airprint which lets you wirelessly print from your ipad , iphone or ipod touch devices . an integrated 30-sheet auto document feeder , built-in auto duplex printing , a dual function panel and fastfront are just some of the features that can help increase efficiency in your home office . view larger overview with the pixma mx522 wireless1 printing is made easy from many different devices . the printer comes with built-in wi-fi1 for printing and scanning anywhere in your home from computers and compatible mobile devices.2 it also includes airprint3 which lets you wirelessly print from your ipad , iphone or ipod touch devices . an integrated 30-sheet auto document feeder , built-in auto duplex printing , a dual function panel and fastfront are just some of the features that can help increase efficiency in your home office . 4800 x 1200 maximum color resolution4 and the fine cartridge system means superb business document printing and efficiency while built-in imaging technology insures the integrity of originals are preserved with each copy and scan . the mx522 delivers the business imaging quality and versatile solutions that can assist you in bringing your business to the next level . so you can print business documents when you need to and photos when you want to . for the 9th year in a row , canon u.s.a. is proud to have received the 2012 readers ' choice award for service & reliability from pcmag.com for printers . fantastic resolution : 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi4 produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . high performance ink cartridges : these two genuine canon ink cartridges contain specially formulated inks for great document and photo quality . both are easy to use and replace . beautiful , borderless photos fast : print a borderless , 4 x 6-inch photo in approximately 46 seconds.5 . chromalife100 : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 100 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.7 my image garden : my image garden software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy with great facial recognition , fun filters , calendar organization , automatic layout suggestions and so much more . dual function panel : this streamlined control panel provides useful function buttons that transform into a keypad in fax mode for easier operation . fully-integrated , 30-sheet auto document feeder : easily copy , scan and fax multiple documents without having to load them one page at a time . enjoy full integration so the printer can better fit in tight workspaces . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . fastfront : this innovative design feature allows for even easier replacement of your genuine canon ink and papers right from the front of the machine . full hd movie print : the full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with compatible canon eos digital slr , powershot cameras or vixia camcorders into beautiful prints.8 . 2.5-inch lcd : easily view , select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing . no downloading needed . auto scan mode : with one press of the scan button your original is automatically recognized and saved in the correct format.9 auto document fix : this built-in software automatically analyzes and corrects both text and image documents so text will remain clear and easy to read , and pictures will keep their true color . quick start : after pressing the power button you can begin inputting commands in mere seconds , so full operation is possible in a much shorter time . auto photo fix ii : this built-in technology automatically categorizes your images into one of five types then applies optimal image and multi-zone exposure correction . evernote : quickly and easily scan your documents and papers from your printer or scanner . evernote will make your documents searchable , so you can always find what you need at anytime , on any device . built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly1 from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house . airprint : wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from compatible ipad , phone or ipod touch devices to a compatible canon pixma wireless all-in-one . there 's no software to download , no drivers to install , and no cables to connect . just see it , tap it , and print it.3 google cloud print : allows users to print from gmail and google docs on a mobile device , and from google chrome browser for mac , windows , linux , and chrome devices . 17 super g3 fax : the high speed business fax10 standard for color and pc facsimiles on plain paper meets the home office workhorse with 20 coded speed dials and up to 50 incoming pages.11 built-in ethernet : this wired lan interface lets you connect to a home or office network , with connected computers able to share printer functions and display the printer 's status at any moment . mobile device printing : the free easyphoto-print app lets you wirelessly print and scan jpg and pdf files from compatible ipad , iphone , ipod touch , and android devices.2 usb 2.0 hi-speed : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers . pixma mx522 wireless office all-in-one printer ; document kit : cross sell sheet , getting started , important information sheet , network setup troubleshooting , setup software & user 's guide cd-rom , warranty card ; ink tanks : pg-240 ( black cartridge ) , cl-241 ( color cartridge ) ; power cord , telephone line cable
gvmate : voip phone adapter with google voice and new google hangouts . $ 0 year free phone service . model gvmateata . usb skype sip obi 100 obihai obi 200 magic jack plus ooma gmail ata gvjack app . supports google voice and new google hangouts . includes everything you need and the gvmateapp professional version . easy plug and play setup . the professional gvmate voip phone adapter developed by pcphonesoft includes everything you need to link a regular phone and its keypad to google voice to provide a featured landline style calling experience including 20+ advanced features and optional real e911 emergency calling and cnam national lidb database caller name lookup services . to start placing free us canada phone calls just plug the gvmate phone adapter into your windows computer ( windows xp vista 7 8 10 only - min . spec . 1ghz cpu + 1gb ram ) , install the gvmateapp ( professional version ) included with your purchase and sign in using any gmail e-mail account . google voice continues to offer free u.s. phone numbers , free u.s. canada long distance calling , free texting , free voice mail and free call forwarding to u.s. gmail account holders . to users in most other countries worldwide , google voice offers free calling to the us canada and some of the lowest international calling rates in the industry . in addition , all users can place free worldwide user to user calls to any smartphone or computer user that also uses google+ hangouts . just pick up your phone and dial the number you wish to call using your phone keypad for outgoing calls and answer your phone when it rings for incoming calls . if you prefer , you may also quickly place calls using your gmail contacts list . you can also program your google voice account to ring your `` gvmate '' phone and mobile phone at the same time allowing it to behave like a free extension of your mobile phone service to use in your home or office without signal strength issues or using up valuable minutes . the gvmate phone adapter also lets you use your regular phone for talking with online voice video chat services like skype . the gvmate phone adapter comes well packed and shipped in bulk wholesale format .
texas instruments ti-84 plus c silver edition graphing calculator , black . texas instruments ti-84 plus c silver edition graphing calculator has all the functionality of the ti84 plus silver but with color and more powerful features . includes full-color , backlit display ; familiar ti-84 plus functionality that 's easy to learn ; ti rechargeable battery ; importing of color images - even your own photos ; customization with color slide cases and faceplates . the ti-84 plus c silver edition supports the following image types : jpg , jpeg , bmp and png .
bestek mobile wireless phone verizon cordless phone at & t wireless t-mobile phone cordless sprint wireless gsm phone cell sim card home system phone business office phone cordless home phone travel cellular phone digital portable phone rechargeable landless phone landline expandable phone corded btgt268 .
marrywindix 1000barbs free garment price label tag tagging gun comfort grip standard tag attaching tagging gun . 100 % brand new and high quality safe needle cover and wrist strap the barbs are easy to use , attaches barcode and price tags to clothing compatible with all brands of regular attachments , barbs , and hook attachers compatible with all major brands of regular needles material : durable plastic dimension : 12.8*10.5*2.1cm superior abs material made , sturdy and durable convenient and easy to use , versatile for all kinds of hang tags no wire required , save energy and money
ncr silver pos cash register system for ipad or iphone - mobile point of sale . it 's time to rethink the cash register . turn your ipad into a pos register with the ncr silver register bundle . your purchase includes a 30 day risk free trial of the ncr silver software , a complete pos system that lets you accept cash or credit cards and track sales by item or category . working with your ipad or other apple device running ios 5.0 or later , ncr silver lets you to capture customer email addresses , track what they buy and send them relevant marketing messages . and , because it runs on your mobile device , you can sell anywhere and get valuable sales reports any time you want .
monthly bill paying organizing organizer budget book with pockets - roses .
fujitsu scansnap ix500 deluxe bundle scanner for pc ( pa03656-b015 ) ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . scan snap ix500 desktop scanner for pc and mac . blazing 25ppm color scanning . two sided scanning . usb or wi-fi connection to a computer .
penpower worldpenscan bt - wireless portable pen scanner and translator . wireless and portable pen scanner and translator edit or translate any paper content via scanning data to win mac or android phone tablet . scan and transfer data with bluetooth . no need to type anymore . recognize nearly 200 languages , including english , chinese , french , german , italian , spanish , japanese , korean , and etc . digitize and utilize your data in various applications , such as office , email , browser , and etc. , let you edit the scanned data anytime . scan and translate words or sentences immediately . let your android mobile phone be your mobile translator as well . pictures of pen scanner and retail package
medium moving boxes 18x15x12 '' bundle of 20 . the boxery 20 medium moving boxes 18 x 15 x 12 '' .20 medium moving boxes.recycled materials.ships same day via ups ground from ny.20 medium moving boxes 18 x 15 x 12 ''
hp deskjet 3521 e-all-in-one printer . hp deskjet 3521 usb 2.0 wireless-n all-in-one printer hi-res mono 2.0-inch lcd screen eprint , wireless direct and airprint support wireless network : 802.11n and usb 2.0 connectivity duty cycle : ( monthly , letter ) : up to 1,000 pages recommended monthly page volume : up to 300 to 400 pagesprint specifications : print resolution : black ( best ) : up to 1200 x 600 rendered dpi , color ( best ) : up to 4800 x 1200 optimized dpi color print speed : iso speeds : up to 8 ppm black , up to 7.5 ppm color , black : up to 23 ppm ; color : up to 22 ppmscanner specifications : scan type : flatbed scan technology : contact image sensor ( cis ) scan resolution : optical : up to 1200 dpi ; hardware : up to 1200 x 2400 dpi ; enhanced : up to 2400 dpi scan input modes : front-panel scan color scanning scan file format : jpeg , tiff , pdf , bmp , png bit depth gray scale levels : 24-bit 256 maximum scan size : flatbed : 8.5 x 11.7-inches copier specifications : copier settings : number of copies , 2-sided , paper type , resize , lighter darker copy speed : black : up to 6.5 cpm ; color : up to 5.5 cpm copy resolution : black text and graphics : up to 600 dpi ; color text and graphics : up to 600 dpi maximum number of copies : up to 50 copies copier reduce enlarge : 25 to 400 % power specifications : 100-240v ~ 50-60hz , 600maunit dimensions : 5.7 x 17.32 x 14.37-inches ( h x w x d ) weight : 11.02 lbs . package includes : hp deskjet 3521 all-in-one printer quick install guide power cord drivers cd note : usb cable not included
llr39650 lorell desk pad , 20 x 36 inches , clear . personalize , organize and protect your work space with this quality desk pad . rectangular desk pad offers a superior writing surface that will not indent , scratch or stain . the smooth surface reduces writing fatigue . unique nonglare , nonslip surface provides a perfect way to protect your personal photographs and important reference materials . crystal-clear desk pad also resists copy lifting and is made of pvc material .
diskeeper ultimate lp record storage box .
teacher created resources tcr5048 treasure chest . use this treasure chest to hold rewards for achievements , readers , manipulatives for learning centers , special surprises , wristbands , stickers , and more ! assembled chest measures 9.5 inch x 8 inch x 8.5 inch high . direction for assembly included . rewards sold separately .
4 sawgrass sublijet for ricoh sg3110 dn printer - black , magenta , cyan , yellow colors . sublijet sublimation ink systems offer the total sublimation ink delivery system . in addition to providing highquality sublimation inks , sublijet users enjoy partnerplus a comprehensive support program , and powerdriver userfriendly software which makes achieving highquality digital images a simple reality . with the wide range of substrates available for sublimation printing , the opportunity for your business to capitalize on sublimation is literally endless . from desktop systems that produce customized images on mugs , tshirts , or plaques , to production systems capable of creating tradeshow banners and backdrops , tile murals , or sports gear , sawgrass sublimation ink solutions will enable your business to increase your bottom line .
1 x by double2house , 4 x 10ml syringe with blunt 4 '' long needle to glue craft , refill ink cartridge ciss . by double2house , 4 x 10ml syringe with blunt 4 '' long needle to glue craft , refill ink cartridge ciss
canon pgi-255 xxl pigment black individual ink , compatible to : mx722 , mx922 , ix6820 . exceptional quality , remarkable durability
toner tap refill kit for samsung mlt-d101s mltd101s ml-2165w scx-3405fw sf-760p black w chip . for compatible printers : samsung sf-760p samsung ml-2160w , ml-2165w , ml-2168w samsung scx-3400f , scx-3405f , scx-3405fw , scx-3405w , scx-3407
instant-dict ec510 - two way english chinese talking electronic dictionary . a special combination of oxford english-chinese dictionary and english dictionary for professional use ; the new oxford illustrated english-chinese dictionary exclusively built-in with the newest and biggest collection of vocabulary as well as the function of encyclopedia ; the oxford compact english dictionary covering more than 350,000 entries , enabling a wide range of words . the exclusive built-in english-chinese and chinese english sentence translation is the latest version using the most powerful core translation technologies . together with the newest database and functions including proverb translation , idiom translation , slang and colloquial translation and sentence proofreading , the upgraded version helps solving difficulties in comprehending while reading . the 12-language dictionary includes english , chinese , japanese , korean , french , german , spanish , italian , dutch , vietnamese , malaysian and portuguese , all equipped with real voice pronunciation system and a huge collection of vocabularies as well . in addition , there are french-chinese , german-chinese , spanish-chinese and foreign dictionaries . together with real voice pronunciation system , learning of foreign languages becomes so easy . the new intelligent-searching function enables you to search the explanation of vocabulary immediately in other dictionaries after you input it . you may set the scope of searching by yourself , learning can then be much efficient . built-in animated dictionary and illustrated dictionary being perfect edutainment for all . package included : ec510 electronic dictionary usb cable cd disk rechargeable battery + universal adapter instant original case handwriting recognition pen instant manufacturers limited warranty card
lakeside tall storage shelving display organizing cabinet . heres the perfect solution to your storage problems ! this tall cabinet doesnt take up much space and fits perfectly in narrow bathrooms , hallways , kitchens , and beyond . with two doors , a drawer , and an open shelf , you can store , display and organize quickly and easily ! 14 5 8 '' x 13 '' x 70 7 8 '' high . mdf wood with lacquer . may require additional freight charge . some assembly required .
hypercom optimum t4220 credit card machine - features ethernet port and internal pin pad . hypercom internet credit card machine
monitor stand & computer riser - desk storage organizer , height adjustable shelf for printer , laptop , screens up to 24 '' inches - black 2 pack . `` does working in front of your computer causes strain on your neck and shoulder ? bring comfort to your workstation using the halter height adjustable monitor stand riser . it features an advanced smartfit system that lets you adjust your laptop , desktop , tv , imac and other forms of screen up to 24 '' '' inches to the perfect height that best fits your personal requirement . simply snap in place the unique stackable columns for the perfect viewing level . the halter height adjustable monitor riser features a sleek black design constructed with durable plastic material to support most flat panels and monitors . it comes with non-skid rubber feet for better support and stability . this multipurpose office accessory also functions as a portable desktop organizer to store your office supplies . use the space under the stand to save desk space and store your papers , electronic cables , pens , files , notebooks , and other office supplies to keep your cubicle neat and tidy . get the halter height adjustable monitor riser , for a more convenient and efficient working environment . ''
ion film 2 sd plus hi-res 35mm slide and negative scanner with sd card ( 14 megapixel sensor ) . product description with film 2 sd plus , you can enjoy your old pictures with the latest technology . instantly scan 35mm slides and negatives to the included sd card and view them on digital picture frames , televisions , mobile phones , computers , and other portable devices . film 2 sd plus is fast and easy to use : just one button starts the scan , and the convenient auto focus , auto exposure , and auto-color balance means you do n't have to be a photo whiz to make great digital images . you 'll be reliving all of your treasured memories in no time ! don  t let your slides and negatives from the past be a thing of the past . bring them back to life with the film 2 sd plus ! box contents rediscover your slides and negatives view larger view larger view larger with film 2 sd plus , you can enjoy your old pictures with the latest technology . instantly scan 35mm slides and negatives to the included sd card and view them on any of today 's popular digital devices that have sd card slots on them : digital picture frames , televisions , mobile phones , computers , and other devices . film 2 sd plus is fast and easy to use . just one button starts the scan , and the convenient auto focus , auto exposure , and auto-color balance mean you do n't have to be a photo whiz to make great digital imagesyou 'll be reliving all of your treasured memories in no time . with its ultra-high resolution 14 megapixel scanner , film to sd plus captures your pictures with vibrant clarity . the large color lcd screen shows you a real-time preview of your scan , making it easy to position each picture and scan tons of images quickly and easily . film 2 sd plus comes with an sd card , a simple , convenient , and reliable way to store your pictures and move them from one device to another . simply scan your slides and film negatives onto the sd card , then insert the sd card into a compatible digital picture frame , television , mobile phone , or computer and enjoy your pictures on the big screen . you can also connect film 2 sd plus directly to your computer . scan your images , then share them instantly ! email those classic family reunion pics to relatives across the country . share rare photos of family and friends online . with film 2 sd plus , you can finally bring those wonderful memories back to life .
color coding labels teacher office supplies round circle dots five color bulk pack 1 2 inch 1,000 per color 5,000 total adhesive stickers .
tekwriterusa gelwriter gel pen set with rotating stand , 100-count ( 27131-d ) . tekwriterusa 100 count high quality gelwriter pens are packaged in a patented rotating stand to keep your pens organized and easily accessible and are perfect for scrapbooking , journaling , drawing , or anything else you can create with tip sizes ranging from 0.7mm to 1.0mm and the check safe ink is fade and water resistant . all pens feature a durable pocket clip along with a latex free comfort grip for precision pen control . high quality gel pens at a great value .
razer destructor 2 hard gaming mouse mat - optimized tracking surface mouse pad preferred by pro gamers . the razer destructor 2s surface is micro-textured to provide the perfect balance between control and speed .
4x toner refill kit with chips for oki okidata b411 , b431 , mb461 , mb471 , mb491 printer . comaptible toner refill kit with chip for okidata oki b411 , b431 , mb461 , mb471 , mb491 color : black part # : 44574701 , 44574701 page yield : up to 4,000 pages at 5 % coverage each bottle printer compatible : okidata oki b411 , b431 , mb461 , mb471 , mb491 package content : 4 . 150 grams each bottle toner powder ( made in usa ) 4. replacement chip 4. funnel cap video refill instruction available at our website
inktoneram compatible ink cartridges replacement for hp 564xl ( new version ) photosmart 5510 5511 5512 5514 5515 5520 5522 5525 6510 6512 6515 6520 7510 7515 7520 b8550 c6340 c6350 c6380 ( black,2-pack ) . ( 2 black inktoneram replacement ink cartridge to replace 564xl ( new version ) cn684wn ink cartridge ) this is the compatible replacement ink cartridge to replace new version of the 564xl black ink cartridge . the replacement ink cartridges replace the original 564xl cartridges . our compatible ink cartridges deliver documents with high quality details and clarity . getting the replacement ink cartridge for 564xl cn684wn ink cartridges is a cost-effective choice that will provide you with best quality and reliability at great discounted price . our compatible ( iso9001 certified ) replacement ink cartridges are thoroughly tested and inspected to ensure oem-equivalent yields and performance . the compatible black ink cartridges to replace 564xl cn684wn cartridges are designed to work with : officejet : 4620 , deskjet : 3520 , 3521 , 3522 , 3070a , photosmart : 5510 , 5511 , 5512 , 5514 , 5515 , 5520 , 5522 , 5525 , 6510 , 6512 , 6515 , 6520 , 7510 , 7515 , 7520 , b8550 , c6340 , c6350 , c6380 , d5445 , d7560 , d5460 , estation all-in-one printer-c510a , plus all-in-one printer-b209a , plus e-all-in-one printer-b210a , premium all-in-one printer-c309g , premium e-all-in-one printer-c310a , premium fax all-in-one printer-c309a , premium fax e-all-in-one printer- c410a , premium touchsmart web all-in-one printer-c309n ( this is a compatible replacement product only . this is non-oem )
inktoneram compatible ink cartridges replacement for hp 564xl ( new version ) photosmart 7510 7520 b8550 c6340 c6350 c6380 d5445 d7560 d5460 c510a c309g ( [ black , cyan , magenta , yellow , photo black ] , 5-pack ) . ( 1 set of 5 inktoneram replacement ink cartridges to replace 564xl ( new version ) ink cartridges cn684wn black , cr277wn photo black , cn685wn cyan , cn686wn magenta , cn687wn yellow ) these are the compatible replacement ink cartridge to replace the new version of the 564xl ink cartridges . the replacement ink cartridges replace the original 564xl cartridges . our compatible ink cartridges deliver documents with high quality details and clarity . getting the replacement ink cartridge for 564xl ink cartridges is a cost-effective choice that will provide you with best quality and reliability at great discounted price . our compatible ( iso9001 certified ) replacement ink cartridges are thoroughly tested and inspected to ensure oem-equivalent yields and performance . the compatible ink cartridges to replace 564xl compatible ink cartridges are designed to work with : officejet : 4620 , deskjet : 3520 , 3521 , 3522 , 3070a , photosmart : 7510 , 7515 , 7520 , b8550 , c6340 , c6350 , c6380 , d5445 , d7560 , d5460 , estation all-in-one printer-c510a , premium all-in-one printer-c309g , premium e-all-in-one printer-c310a , premium fax all-in-one printer-c309a , premium fax e-all-in-one printer- c410a , premium touchsmart web all-in-one printer-c309n ( this is a compatible replacement product only . this is non-oem )
pyramid 5000 auto totaling time clock , 100 employees - made in usa . the pyramid 5000 plus auto totaling time clock accurately calculates total worked time for each employee and eliminates manual payroll calculations . automatically totals worked time between punches and accumulates total worked hours for weekly , bi-weekly , semi-monthly or monthly pay periods for up to 100 employees . choose from 5 , 10 or 15-minute rounding rules for custom calculations . the top-loading time card feed automatically aligns daily punches . the time clock interfaces with pyramid time system bell ringer ( 5300 ) or analog and digital wall clocks to promote employee timeliness , productivity and accountability . automatically resets for short months , leap year or daylight saving time . includes 5000 plus auto totaling time clock , 25 time cards , one ink ribbon cartridge and two security keys . made in usa .
workez executive adjustable height & angle ergonomic aluminum laptop cooling stand , multifunctional lap desk , folding portable reading & monitor riser . workez executive is an adjustable laptop stand that works everywhere you do - on the couch , in bed , sitting at a desk and even standing . the lightweight , durable stand is made of premium-grade , anodized aluminum and naturally dissipates heat to cool laptops . each leg has special joints that accordion the stand up and down , adjusting the height and angle to perfectly position screens for optimal comfort . not just for laptops , workez executive also holds tablets , books , and monitors in a more ergonomically-correct position . when you 're done using it , the entire stand collapses down into a thin , flat package . uses : ( 1 ) lap desk : compute more comfortably when laying in bed or lounging on the couch . raise laptops off your lap , keep them cool , and tilt screens to reduce glare . ( 2 ) adjustable laptop riser : the perfect way to improve your posture ! comfortably elevate screens to eye-level , tilt screens to reduce glare , cool laptops and free-up space and organize your desk . ( 3 ) laptop standing desk : a simple , affordable way to stand up and work on any desk . elevate screens up to 21 , tilt the panel , and quickly collapse the stand when youre finished . ( 4 ) reading stand : an amazing adjustable height and angle ergonomic reading stand raise books to eye-level , tilt the page , free up desk space . the perfect textbook holder for students ! ( 5 ) computer monitor riser : raise monitors to eye-level with this adjustable-height stand . specs : ( 1 ) outside dimensions : 22x12x3 in ( 2 ) panel size : 18x10 in ( 3 ) width between legs : 20.8 in ( 4 ) product weight : 3.3 lbs ( 5 ) material : aluminum ( 6 ) color : silver
panasonic kx-tg4733b + 3 kx-tga470b handsets ( 6 handsets total ) dect 6.0 plus digital cordless phone system ( kx-tg4736b , kx-tg4732b + 4 , kx-tg4733b + 3 , kx-tg4734b + 2 ) ( certified refurbished ) .
ion air copy wireless photo & document scanner for tablets , smartphones & computers with built-in wifi . scan documents and photos into your tablet , smartphone , or computer instantly with air copy from ion . air copy is an ultra-portable wi-fi scanner that gives you the freedom to scan any photo , business card or document up to size a4 directly into your tablet , smartphone , or computer .
3m mp300 mobile projector . every second counts ; setup in seconds . present in seconds , make an impact in seconds . transform your small screen presentation into a big screen experience in a matter of seconds . quick , seamless visual presentations are critical in today 's business world , however , projectors often act as a roadblock to accomplishing this fundamental task . many professionals are opting for lugging around a huge projector , renting a projector at a substantial cost , or opting for no projector at all and eating the cost of printing color presentations . say goodbye to these frustrations . say hello to simple , plug n play projection . true mobility ultra portable - small enough to put into a coat pocket with a 3.5 hr battery life quick set up - turn on and present in seconds built in speaker bright enough for a variety of settings -60 lumens ( not designed for brightly lit environments ) intuitive & simple beautiful design and intuitive plug n play interface hdmi mhl input - mirror your ipad , tablet , laptop , and smartphone device mirror capability with ipad connector ( sold separately ) view larger increase your mobility agility . small . speedy . sensational . youve literally got seconds to get their attention . make an instant impact with the 3m mobile projector mp300 . make it part of your mobile strategy for increased face time , collaboration , and sales . connect to your favorite device and stop customers in their tracks with bigger and better presentations . small enough to fit in the palm of your hand , yet powerful enough to captivate an audience . its the ultimate in plug-n-play projection . youre literally seconds away from projecting your presentation with your hdmi- or mhl-compatible device such as an ipad* , tablet , laptop , or smartphone . the mp300 might be the ace up your sleeve , but we recommend you keep it in your pocket . project at up to 80 diagonally with 60 lumens of brightness . at just over 4 x 4 x 2 and weighing in at 11 ounces , its small enough to fit in a coat pocket . hdmi mhl port lets you connect to and mirror your ipad* , tablet , laptop , or smartphone ( hdmi cable included ) . with up to 3.5 hours between battery charges , youre not limited to where you present . plug-n-play interface for fast set up present in seconds . your projector comes with a built-in speaker , but you can also use headphones or external speakers . technical assistance , online chat , warranty registration , and informational videos are only a click or phone call away . * mirror capability with apple lightning digital av adapter and apple 30-pin digital av adapter ( sold separately ) .
varidesk  height adjustable standing desk  stand up desk for dual monitors  pro 36 .
panasonic kxtg4223n dect 6.0 3-handset phone system with answering capability . panasonic high quality phone system with answering capability - new retail packaging panasonic kx-tg4223n dect 6.0 1-handset landline telephone panasonic continues to evolve their technologies to make things better - at home , at work , at play and on the go with their line of dect 6.0 plus telephones . each model carriers with it the same features and reliability you 've come to expect from the panasonic brand , but with improvements that make seeing , hearing and operating you phone simple so keeping in touch with family and friends is easier . the kx-tg422 series is expandable up to six handsets and also comes equipped with intelligent eco mode . eco mode automatically lowers the power consumption when using the handset close to the base unit . not only does it extend the available talk time , it 's also good for the environment .
brother printer mfcj4710dw wireless color inkjet all-in-one printer with scanner , copier and fax , amazon dash replenishment enabled . the brother mfc-j4710dw helps you increase your productivity with fastest in class1 iso print speeds up to 20ppm black and 18ppm color . reduce cost per page with optional super high yield replacement cartridges . print high-impact documents up to 11 '' x 17 '' from a compact machine with the smallest footprint in its class . duplex ( 2-sided ) printing and single-pass duplex scanning and copying . dual paper trays provide 400-sheet total paper capacity . navigate print , copy , scan , and fax functionality with easy-to-use 3.7 '' touchscreen display with an intelligent touchpanel . access popular cloud services via web connect . print wirelessly from your compatible mobile device . includes 2-year limited warranty plus free phone support for the life of the product . based on competitive in-class inkjet models with an estimated street price under $ 200 . competitive data gathered from manufacturer websites and third party industry sources as of july 2012. ppm is based on printing in fast mode and excludes time to print first page and will depend on a variety of factors . iso print speed based on iso iec 24734. see brother website for details . requires an internet connection and an account with desired service . requires connection to a wireless network . see brother website for details , availability , and mobile device compatibility .
hp inkjet automatic two-sided printing accessory c7g18a . save time , money , and paper when you use the hp automatic two-sided printing accessory ( duplexer ) . concentrate on more important work while two-sided pages print automatically . experience budget savings because paper consumption is cut in half .
zonoz fs-four digital film & slide scanner w hdmi output  converts 35mm , 126 , 110 , super 8 & 8mm film negatives & slides to jpeg  includes large bright 5-inch lcd , easy-load film inserts adapters . with the zonoz fs-four film scanner , you can easily convert all your 35mm , super 8 and 110 film into digital images . with simple and intuitive controls , you can now preserve your treasured memories . just plug your fs-four into an ac outlet or usb port and scan your film ! convert color and black-and-white films from nearly any format with the 5 included easy-load inserts and adapters . the programs helpful tray and insert directories tell you exactly what to use depending on the specific film type , including everything from 135 , super 8 and 8mm slides to 35mm , 126 and 110 negatives . view each image in crisp , clear , high definition detail through the units large bright 5-inch color display . the liquid-crystal screens oversized composition also makes it perfect for editing images and playing slideshows . the unit comes equipped with large , comfortable easy to see buttons for moving through the programs many applications . once youve scanned a film , hit the main camera button to instantly save to your microsd card . ( sold separately ) no computer needed ! no software needed ! its that simple ! features : 5-inch wide tft lcd screen color display 35mm negative and slide scanner super 8 film scanner 110 film scanner high resolution 22mp image output stand alone scanner save images to internal memory or optional sd memory card hdmi output what 's included ? 22mp film to digital scanner negative film tray slide film tray super 8 film insert 110 film insert usb power adapter usb cable cleaning brush user manual
cartritech premium toner cartridge for brother tn750 , black ( ct-tn750 ) . cartritech compatible with brother tn750 high yield 8,000 pages black toner cartridge compatible with brother mfc 8510dw mfc 8710dw mfc 8910dw mfc 8950dtw mfc 8950dw mfc 8810dw dcp 8110dn dcp 8150dn dcp 8155dn hl 5440d hl 5450dn hl 5470dw hl 5470dwt hl 6180dw hl 6180dwt .
sharpie 1860443 neon permanent markers , fine point , assorted colors , 5 count . the sharpie fine point marker was the first pen-style permanent marker of its kind to write on most surfaces from your favorite pair of jeans to your brothers skateboard and , of course , paper . today , sharpie markers are still made with the same high quality ink that youve come to rely on and trust but are now available in over 30 unforgettable colors and numerous different tip sizes , making sharpie the ultimate instrument of personal expression . with sharpie , you can be confident that the quick drying , non-toxic formula will not only add a splash of color to your day but will deliver a superior marking experience every time .
uni-ball kurutoga mechanical pencil , 0.7mm , hb # 2 , 1 count ( 1858549 ) . say goodbye to dull and frequent lead breakage with the engineered design of the uni-ball kurutoga mechanical pencil . this mechanical pencil features an exclusive rotating lead mechanism that resists lead breakage and maintains a continuous sharp point . simply put -- as you write , the pencil continuously rotates and sharpens the lead . unlike regular mechanical pencils that produce thicker , lighter lines after a few uses , the kurutoga stays sharp , so it produces the same thin , dark line that you start out with , making your handwriting clearer and more precise . whats even better is that the kurutoga contains exclusive diamond-infused lead . it not only improves your writing experience , but also creates dark vivid lines .
fitdesk table top standing desk with massage bar . if sitting all day is getting you down , stand up with the fitdesk tabletop standing desk . this portable therapeutic desk boasts a sleek , modern design with massage relief from typing strain . with no assembly required , you 'll love using this with your work desk to use your laptop , tablet , or reading materials . dimensions : 17w x 20d x 10h in.. steel frame construction in silver finish . rectangular , modern design . steel frame . includes massage rollers to alleviate typing strain . compatible with most work desks . ideal for use with laptops , tablets , and reading materials . no assembly required .
riff box with cables . includes riff box , serial to serial flat cable and usb type a to b cord power data cable . requires registration license through softmobile.net all sales are final .
quartet dry erase board , whiteboard white board , magnetic , 17 '' x 23 '' , assorted frame colors - color will vary , 1 board ( mwdw1723m ) . smooth , dry-erase surface of this 17 '' x 23 '' board is magnetic . use the included dry-erase marker to write notes and reminders or use the included magnet accessories to hang items and use as a magnetic bulletin board . great for home use , the board is available in a wood , white , or black finished frame and matches most interiors . color received may vary . wall mounting hardware is included that allows flexibility to hang board vertically or horizontally .
yealink yea-w52p business ip hd dect cordless phone . - exceptional hd sound with wideband technology - up to 4 simultaneous external calls - up to 5 dect cordless handsets - up to 5 voip accounts - 1.8 '' color display with intuitive user interface - 11 hours talk time , 120 hours standby time - integrated poe ( class 1 ) - desktop or wall mountable
panasonic kx-tga20b dect 6.0 key detector . key detector . find keys and other object up to 200 yards . powerful beep indicates location of keys .
vtech is7121-2 dect 6.0 2-handset video doorbell landline telephone . 2-handset answering system with audio video doorbell surprise visitors can be great , but they 're better when you can decide whether to greet them , before you 're at the door . with this two-in-one cordless answering system and video doorbell , you can . in one product , you get a versatile home phone and a digital camera doorbell for a convenient connection to your front doorand one less thing competing for counter space . front porch screening color display handset digital answering system the first of its kind , this two-in-one cordless answering system and video doorbell combines a versatile phone system with a digital camera for convenience and security at home . like caller id for your front porch , this video doorbell allows you to screen visitors before answering the door , without the worry of being seen . the is7121-2 automatically snaps a photo and sends it to the handsets when visitors ring the doorbell . you can then stream video , audio , or both with just two buttons . always know who 's calling , even when you 're in the other room . the handset and base announce the names of your callers through the speakerphones . with the push of a button , turn your handsets into virtual walkie-talkies and instantly reach any or all of the units in your home . with up to 14 minutes of recording time , the digital answering system grabs calls when you ca n't . this interference-free technology provides superior voice and sound quality and higher protection against eavesdropping than 2.4ghz and 5.8ghz phone systems . the is7121-2 is an affordable cordless phone system with video camera features , which means you get one less thing competing for counter space . 2 handsets , 1 camera doorbell , 1 base , 1 charger , 3 power adapters , line cord , 2 rechargeable batteries , 2 aa alkaline batteries , camera mounting screws , quick start guide , owner 's manual
vtech vtls6195-15 retro-design phone with rotary keypad ( blue ) . vtech vtls6195-15 retro-design phone with rotary keypad ( blue )
two universal typewriter ribbons1 black & 1 black red combo twin spool 1 2 '' cloth for royal-smith corona-remington-hermes-scm-swintec-typewriters.. . ss-tw-sr-ebs universal typewriter spool ribbon for use with most machines . , we offer a complete unconditional guarantee on this product . our support number takes you directly to a live support person that has full knowledge of this product . , this item is in stock and you can select the shipping method of your choice . , all supplies are freshly manufactured for the specific need and are completely guaranted to fit your machine .
pantone gpg101 essentials color complete guide . all new colors have been specially formulated to print using a uniform ink film thickness , making them easily matched on press . ink formulations are provided to aid printers in mixing colors . includes color index , lighting evaluation tool and software to update your design applications with the latest colors . pantone is the only internationally recognized color communication system . you can specify pantone colors with confidence even if your manufacturing is half a world away . we are marking our 50th anniversary with a special , limited-edition publication of pantone plus series for graphics and multimedia the newest version of the color system that started a revolution in color inspiration , communication and management , the pantone matching system . this product comes in a limited-edition gift box . compatible with today 's digital workflows as colors are easily updated in leading design applications . colors bleed for ease and accuracy in checking `` on press . '' this product includes a free download of pantone color manager software for updating pantone colors in popular design applications upon product registration . product contains a lighting indicator tool to determine if lighting conditions are suitable for accurate color selection and matching and a color correction tool to enable easy color balancing and creative control of digital images . all new colors have been specially formulated to print using a uniform ink film thickness , making them easily matched on press . ink formulations are provided to aid printers in mixing colors . includes color index , lighting evaluation tool and software to update your design applications with the latest colors . pantone is the only internationally recognized color communication system . you can specify pantone colors with confidence even if your manufacturing is half a world away . we are marking our 50th anniversary with a special , limited-edition publication of pantone plus series for graphics and multimedia the newest version of the color system that started a revolution in color inspiration , communication and management , the pantone matching system . this product comes in a limited-edition gift box . compatible with todays digital workflows as colors are easily updated in leading design applications . colors bleed for ease and accuracy in checking on press . this product includes a free download of pantone color manager software for updating pantone colors in popular design applications upon product registration . product contains a lighting indicator tool to determine if lighting conditions are suitable for accurate color selection and matching and a color correction tool to enable easy color balancing and creative control of digital images .
canon pixma mg3222 wireless color photo printer with scanner and copier . the canon pixma mg3222 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one printer delivers excellent quality and convenience in a compact package . built-in wifi technology allows you to easily print and scan wirelessly , from virtually anywhere around your house . the canon
ubigear 10 19 inch animated motion led business vertical open sign +on off switch bright light neon . with on off switch up to 100,000 hours of operation light weight and easy to install . maintenance free safe to touch and operate . brighter than neon signs . size : 19x10 inch low energy cost for indoor use only metal hanging chain is included
mann 001 bill money counter . mann 001 is the introductory model of the mann line of business machines . this solid-built machine is intended for reliable , uninterrupted performance , while lacking the unnecessary frills . 2 year manufacturer 's warranty - double the industry standard .
defenderpad laptop emf radiation protection & heat shield - anti radiation laptop computer pad & emf blocker lap lapdesk compatible with up to 17 '' notebook , chromebook , macbook . the defenderpad laptop pad emf radiation & heat shield by defendershield is a unique and pioneering emf protection solution that provides ultimate safety while using laptop computer . incredibly sleek and functional by design , the defenderpad laptop lap desk offers a comfortable and convenient workspace . more importantly , the fcc certified lab-tested defenderpad blocks up to virtually 100 % of all potentially harmful electromagnetic radiation ( emf ) from 0-10 ghz and greatly reduces heat emitted from the bottom of laptops , tablets and other electronic devices . the defenderpad blocks : - extremely low frequency ( elf ) radiation - radio frequency ( rf ) radiation ( wifi , bluetooth etc . ) - heat radiation how does defenderpad work ? the state-of-the-art technology of the defenderpad laptop lap desk uses multiple layers of highly advanced shielding materials that work in unison to block , divert and absorb unsafe levels of laptop and other electronic device emissions . just by placing the defenderpad between your device and your lap , you can feel secure knowing you are protected anywhere , anytime with the all-in-one laptop radiation and heat shield . why defenderpad ? the defenderpad laptop lap desk is the perfect size to use at home or on the go . its light and slim profile easily slips into computer bags , briefcases and backpacks for easy portability . the defenderpad 's protective technology and stylish design of make it an ideal replacement for other lap devices like lap desks , lap trays , laptop tables and laptop cooling pads . proudly made in the usa , the defenderpad laptop emf radiation & heat shield is free of bpa , bps or other known environmental hazards , dangerous compounds and contaminants . designed to fit up to 17 '' laptops
bankers box stor file decorative medium-duty storage boxes , fastfold , lift-off lid , letter legal , brocade , 4 pack ( 0022705 ) . double wall , single wall construction . stylish , colorful , and strong for a variety of applications . medium-duty stacking strength for moderate use with or without shelving . fast fold quick and easy assembly . deep , locking lift-off lid stays in place for secure file storage .
at & t cl84352 3 handset corded cordless answering system with caller id call waiting . phones
dymo labelwriter 4xl thermal label printer and 150 lb . shipping scale ( 1878661 ) . kit includes : labelwriter 4xl printer , dymo 150 lb . shipping scale and 1 roll of labelwriter 4xl extra large shipping labels . 4xl prints 4- by 6-inch labels used by many online shipping services at 3.2 seconds per label . prints in high resolution - 300 dpi , ideal for text , graphics and barcodes uses thermal printing technology ; no expensive ink or toner needed ever . uses thermal print technology , so you never have to spend money on toner or ink cartridges . the only supplies you need are the labels themselves . heavy-duty digital shipping scale weighs packages up to 150 pounds ( 68 kg )
brother printer hl3140cw digital color printer with wireless networking , amazon dash replenishment enabled . the hl-3140cw is an affordable , fast , reliable digital color printer for small businesses . it features wireless networking and prints high-impact color and crisp black documents at up to 19ppm . it 's compact and offers versatile paper handling with a 250-sheet capacity letter legal paper tray and a single-sheet manual feed slot for envelopes or thicker media . this energy-efficient printer has a deep sleep mode for conserving energy when not in use ( uses < 1w ) . the optional high yield color toners ( approx . 2,200 pgs . each ) can help lower your cost per page , and its top-loading design makes it easy to replace and install toner cartridges . you can also print wirelessly from your mobile device via airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , and wi-fi direct . requires connection to a wireless network . see brother.com for details , availability , and mobile device compatibility . approximate yield in accordance with iso iec 19798 ( letter a4 ) .
brother genuine drum unit , dr221cl , seamless integration , yields up to 15,000 pages , color . business professionals who have invested money in high-quality brother products expect the same from replacement supplies . the brother genuine dr-221cl color drum unit is a replacement drum for use with 6 different brother printers and all-in-ones , intelligently engineered as part of a complete printing system . these genuine replacement drum units are produced with precision to deliver vibrant , sharp text and graphics with every page printed . the dr-221cl drum unit yields approximately 15,000 pages ( 1 ) when used with brother genuine toner cartridges ( sold separately ) . brother is dedicated to keeping the environment safe and produces our replacement products in iso-certified factories . we offer several environmentally-responsible ways for our customers to dispose of their brother branded products once they have served their purpose . brother genuine replacement supplies are backed by brothers at your side limited warranty and customers enjoy lifetime tech support for the life of their printers . the brother dr221cl drum unit is for use with mfc9130cw , mfc9330cdw , mfc9340cdw all-in-one machines ; brother hl3140dw , hl3170cdw and hl3180cdw color printers . ( 1 ) drum yield is approx. , and may vary by type of use .
canon color imageclass mf8580cdw wireless all-in-one laser printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . versatile wireless multifunction printer produces professional color output with an easy to use color lcd display for seamless navigation , secure print for additional security and mobile printing capabilities on the go . view larger color laser multifunction printer the color imageclass mf8580cdw ensures efficiency with its 4-in-1 functionality . with print , copy , scan and fax capabilities you can accomplish all necessary tasks with just one machine . with an array of easy to use features , such as the 7-line lcd and simple solution keys , your daily workflow will be a breeze . your professional quality color documents are printed at speeds of up to 21 pages per minute in both color and black and white with a quick first print time of 14.3 seconds . with the superior color imaging technologies built into the mf8580cdw your printed materials will be crisp and vibrant . the mf8280cw is also equipped with an array of mobile capabilities for printing on the go and easy-to-use features . the mf8580cdw also includes a wide range of security features , such as secure print and department id management . with the front-loading 250-sheet paper cassette you can re-fill paper with ease . the intuitive seven-line color lcd display allows users to navigate through the menu seamlessly . the wide screen and color display are easy to read , helping you to complete tasks in a breeze . easily access the scan , eco-copy and secure print functions right from the control panel with the simple solution keys . the color imageclass mf8580cdw features secure print to help protect the privacy of your printed documents . to help ensure that your documents end up in the right hands , follow the simple steps below : lightening fast print speeds : print and copy in both color and black and white at blazing speeds of 21 ppm1 with a quick first print time of 14.3 seconds or less . 2 amazing imaging performance : canon  s superior imaging technologies that are provide brilliant , crisp output with remarkable tone-on-tone clarity helping your image stay true to the original . also canon pure black technology ensures the richest blacks by utilizing only the black toner instead of traditional methods of combining toner colors . single cartridge system : provides excellent print quality , and can help extend the life of the machine . the single cartridge system contains all the essential print elements that wear out with use . this easy-to-replace cartridge simplifies maintenance by combining the toner , drum , and other parts into one unit . genuine cartridge : canon genuine supplies are designed by canon engineers and manufactured in canon facilities . they are developed utilizing precise specifications , so you can be confident that your canon device will produce high-quality results , time and time again . auto duplex : duplex versatility allows two-sided printing , copying , scanning , and pc faxing produce two-sided output with ease , cutting your paper usage . secure print : the color imageclass mf8580cdw features secure print to help protect the privacy of your printed documents . send : one-touch buttons allow you to easily scan and send your original documents directly to an email address or network folder . sending can reduce paper usage , enhance electronic record-keeping and contribute to better document security . simple solution keys : easily access the scan and eco-copy functions right from the control panel with the simple solution keys . scan to usb : easily scan to , or print documents directly from , your usb flash drive . id card copy : easily create copies of your identification cards or other small documents like passports to keep for your records on a one-sided document . smart document handling : copy , scan , and fax without having to worry about feeding originals one at a time with the 50-sheet duplex automatic document feeder . robust paper supply : enjoy easy paper handling with the 250-sheet cassette , 50-sheet dadf plus 50-sheet multipurpose tray , and an optional 250-sheet paper cassette pedestal means you spend less time re-filling paper . wireless connectivity : print from almost anywhere in your home or office . mobile printing : the canon mobile printing app provides convenient printing of documents , web pages , and images from select apple iphone  s and ipad  s.3 canon mobile printing is a free app which provides iphone and ipad users with the ability to directly print to their canon imageclass printers over a wireless network . google cloud print : wherever you are , print from your smartphone or computer using google cloud print enabled apps . airprint : apple airprint allows you to print documents , e-mails , web pages , and photos to your compatible imageclass devices from your iphone , ipad , or ipod touch . built-in ethernet : easily connect to a network through a built-in ethernet port , so everyone can easily share printing directly from their pc . with ip address filtering and mac address filtering , you  ll prevent unwanted users from gaining access to your network and your confidential data . super g3 fax : send faxes faster with a speed of 33.6 kbps super g3 fax technology . windows 8 , windows 7 , windows server 2012 , windows server 2008 r2 , windows server 2008 , windows vista , windows server 2003 , windows xp ; mac os x 10.5.8 &up; linux ( print only ) mf8580cdw product , setup instructions , power cord , telephone cable , registration card , starter cartridge 118 , manuals , user software cd-rom , warranty card . the mf8280cw measures 17 ( w ) x 19.1 ( d ) x 18.9 ( h ) inches and weighs 63.1 pounds ( without crg ) . 1. print speed is based on internal testing . print speed may vary depending on the number of copies selected , as well as on the settings for size , type and orientation of paper.2 . may vary depending on the output environment.3 . requires canon mobile printing app available free on the app store . compatible with iphone 5 , iphone 4s , iphone 4 , the new ipad , ipad 2 , and the original ipad running os 5.1 - 6.0
canon color imageclass mf8280cw wireless all-in-one laser printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . versatile wireless multifunction printer produces professional color output with an easy to use color lcd display for seamless navigation , secure print for additional security and mobile printing capabilities on the go . view larger view larger color laser multifunction printer the imageclass mf8280cw has 4-in-1 capabilities  you can print , copy , scan and fax all from the same machine . print in both color and black and white at speeds of up to 14 pages per minute with a quick first print time of 18 seconds or less . the mf8280cw is also equipped with an array of mobile capabilities for printing on the go , easy-to-use features and superior imaging technologies . with the front-loading 150-sheet paper cassette you can re-fill paper with ease . the 50-sheet automatic document feeder allows users to feed multiple pages at a time , instead of just one , which can help to save time when scanning and copying . the intuitive seven-line color lcd display allows users to navigate through the menu seamlessly . the wide screen and color display are easy to read , helping you to complete tasks in a breeze . easily access the scan and eco-copy functions right from the control panel with the simple solution keys . enjoy easy paper handling with the 150-sheet front-loading cassette and 1-sheet multipurpose tray . the consumables can be accessed in the front of the machine , with the single cartridge system you will only have one unit to replace when the toner runs out . lightening fast print speeds : print and copy in both color and black and white at blazing speeds of 14ppm1 with a quick first print time of 18 seconds or less . 2 amazing imaging performance : canon  s superior imaging technologies that are provide brilliant , crisp output with remarkable tone-on-tone clarity helping your image stay true to the original . also canon pure black technology ensures the richest blacks by utilizing only the black toner instead of traditional methods of combining toner colors . single cartridge system : provides excellent print quality , and can help extend the life of the machine . the single cartridge system contains all the essential print elements that wear out with use . this easy-to-replace cartridge simplifies maintenance by combining the toner , drum , and other parts into one unit . genuine cartridge : canon genuine supplies are designed by canon engineers and manufactured in canon facilities . they are developed utilizing precise specifications , so you can be confident that your canon device will produce high-quality results , time and time again . simple solution keys : easily access the scan and eco-copy functions right from the control panel with the simple solution keys . scan to usb : easily scan to , or print documents directly from , your usb flash drive . id card copy : easily create copies of your identification cards or other small documents like passports to keep for your records on a one-sided document . smart document handling : copy , scan , and fax without having to worry about feeding originals one at a time with the 50-sheet automatic document feeder . wireless connectivity : print from almost anywhere in your home or office . mobile printing : the canon mobile printing app provides convenient printing of documents , web pages , and images from select apple iphone  s and ipad  s.3 canon mobile printing is a free app which provides iphone and ipad users with the ability to directly print to their canon imageclass printers over a wireless network . google cloud print : wherever you are , print from your smartphone or computer using google cloud print enabled apps . airprint : apple airprint allows you to print documents , e-mails , web pages , and photos to your compatible imageclass devices from your iphone , ipad , or ipod touch . built-in ethernet : easily connect to a network through a built-in ethernet port , so everyone can easily share printing directly from their pc . with ip address filtering and mac address filtering , you  ll prevent unwanted users from gaining access to your network and your confidential data . super g3 fax : send faxes faster with a speed of 33.6 kbps super g3 fax technology . windows 8 , windows 7 , windows server 2012 , windows server 2008 r2 , windows server 2008 , windows vista , windows server 2003 , windows xp ; mac os x 10.5.8 &up; linux ( print only ) mf8280cw , setup instructions , power cord , telephone cable , registration card , starter cartridge 131 , manuals , user software cd-rom , warranty card . the mf8280cw measures 17 ( w ) x 19.1 ( d ) x 16.9 ( h ) inches and weighs 52 pounds ( without crg ) . 1. print speed is based on internal testing . print speed may vary depending on the number of copies selected , as well as on the settings for size , type and orientation of paper.2 . may vary depending on the output environment.3 . requires canon mobile printing app available free on the app store . compatible with iphone 5 , iphone 4s , iphone 4 , the new ipad , ipad 2 , and the original ipad running os 5.1 - 6.0
panasonic dect_6.0 3 handset one line landline telephone ( kxtg6873b ) . the panasonic kx-tg6873b dect 6.0 plus expandable digital cordless answering system with base keypad , 3 handsets and key detector is perfect for office and home applications . with three cordless handsets and advanced answering machine , you 'll never have to worry about missing calls again . if you 're looking for superb sound quality and long range , look no further than the dect 6.0 plus technology featured in this model . thanks to error correction up to 80x , you get clear transmission even with extended range . engineered to work in 1.9ghz frequency , our dect 6.0 plus phones wo n't interfere with wireless devices such as routers , wireless keyboards and microwave ovens . plus , when you attached your keys to the included key detector , the phone will find them just like it does your lost handset . whether you use them in the basement or the backyard , our phones truly go the distance . panasonic kx-tg6873b expandable digital cordless answering system with 3 handsets and 1 key detector panasonic continues to evolve their technologies to make things better - at home , at work , at play and on the go with their line of dect 6.0 plus telephones . each model carriers with it the same features and reliability you 've come to expect from the panasonic brand , but with improvements that make seeing , hearing and operating you phone simple so keeping in touch with family and friends is easier . the kx-tg6873b is expandable up to six handsets and comes with enhanced noise reduction , so you can hear the person calling you . with talking caller id it makes it easier then ever to know who is calling you right away . with the help from the key detector you can easily locate frequently misplaced items by using the cordless handset to locate them .
canon pixma mp230 inkjet photo all-in-one printer , 7.0 ipm black 4.8 ipm color esat print speed , 100 tray capacity , usb 2.0 - print , copy , scan . the space saving pixma mp230 inkjet photo all-in-one delivers great quality for documents and photos . print gorgeous photos at home with a maximum print color resolution of 4800 x 1200 dpi1 with the convenience and quality of canon fine ink cartridges . my image garden software11 puts all of your favorite printing features , such as fun filter effects like fish eye and blur background , full hd movie print5 and more all into one convenient software application . plus , my image garden adds great photo organization convenience with calendar view and facial recognition . with your memories in one place it is easy to print beautiful , borderless photos to share and enjoy . its also your creative coach as the software offers creative templates in various color combinations and patterns for your fun photo projects . and be sure to look for the canon `` print your days '' app7 on facebook ! you can create fun collages to print and share with your friends and family .
seiko instruments smart label printer 620 , usb , pc mac , 2.76 inches second . versatile , easy to use , smart label printers from seiko instruments . view larger replacing a roll or switching to a different type of label is easier than ever . sleek new smart label printers are the faster , easier , more affordable way to get you organized . with a smaller footprint , smart label printers free up valuable space , while handling all of your labeling needs . connect via usb to your pc or mac , running windows , mac os , or linux . the nimble new user-friendly design makes it effortless to load or change labels . enhanced new smart label software , supporting leading word processing , spreadsheet , and database software , makes it even easier to create , format , print , and save all the labels you need . no special sheets of labels . no awkward templates . with ultra-reliable seiko instruments direct thermal printing technology , there is no need for ink , toner or ribbons . smart label printers give you fast , straightforward and predictable label printing . time , after time , after time . plus , each new smart label printer is backed by a 3-year warranty . need a single label ? print . need twenty labels ? print . need different types of labels ? print , swap , and print again . need it fast ? print . it 's that simple . need to design your own labels ? no problem . smart label printer software gives you the tools to create great looking labels . specify where to place text , graphics , or bar codes . use your own images by importing from existing desktop files , or use copy and paste to import images from your computer 's clipboard . for fast , personalized name tags labels , smart label printer software imports images captured directly from your computer 's camera .
seiko instruments smart label printer 650 , usb , pc mac , 3.94 inches second , 300 dpi . versatile , easy to use , desktop label printers from seiko instruments . save big with bulk rolls of up to 1,000 labels , for high volume labeling . smart label printers are the faster , easier , more affordable way to get you organized . with a smaller footprint , smart label printers free up valuable space , while tackling all of your labeling needs . connect via usb to your pc or mac , running windows , mac os , or linux . the nimble new user-friendly design makes it effortless to load or change labels . enhanced new smart label software , supporting leading word processing , spreadsheet , and database software , makes it even easier to create , format , print , and save all the labels you need . no special sheets of labels . no awkward templates . with ultra-reliable seiko instruments direct thermal printing technology , there is no need for ink , toner or ribbons . smart label printers give you fast , straightforward and predictable label printing . time , after time , after time . plus , each new smart label printer is backed by a 3-year warranty . need a single label ? print . need twenty labels ? print . need different types of labels ? print , swap , and print again . need it fast ? print . it 's that simple . need to design your own labels ? no problem . smart label printer software gives you the tools to create great looking labels . specify where to place text , graphics , or bar codes . use your own images by importing from existing desktop files , or use copy and paste to import images from your computer 's clipboard . for fast , personalized name tags labels , smart label printer software imports images captured directly from your computer 's camera .
panasonic dect 6.0 plus 3 handset . kx-tg242sk . panasonic dect 6.0 plus 3 handset . kx-tg242sk
amazonbasics thermal laminator . an amazon brand .
obi200 1-port voip phone adapter with google voice and fax support for home and soho phone service . use google voice with the obi and enjoy free calls inside the usa and canadacall internationally at amazingly low rates to over 150 destinationsrates to china , india , and mexico as low as 1 per minute  with no connection feewhen someone calls , ring multiple obi devices , anywhereblock unwanted nuisance and tele-marketer callsvoicemail that acts like emaildesigned , developed and supported in the usamany more features !
hp deskjet 2512 all-in-one printer . hp deskjet 2512 all-in-one printer
hp deskjet 3512 usb 2.0 wireless-n all-in-one color inkjet scanner copier photo printer . with print speeds of up to 20 pages per minute ( ppm ) in black and 16 ppm in color , this deskjet 3512 printer has built-in 802.11b g n wireless networking , which will allow you to easily print from multiple pcs anywhere in your home ! plus , with the hp eprint mobile printing feature , you can attach a document or photo to an email on your smartphone or mobile device and print it directly from the deskjet printer . you can also print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone or ipod touch with airprint ! oh yeah ! whether you want to print , scan or copy , the hp deskjet 3512 will take you by the hand and guide you through the process . and with print resolutions up to 1200 dpi , you 'll ensure yourself the maximum quality you desire . the cx038a # 1h5 features a 2.0-inch lcd display , and also supports a variety of media types such as plain , brochure or inkjet paper , photo paper , envelopes , labels and transparencies . includes recertified hp black and color ink cartridges so you can print right away ! includes recertified hp black and tri-color ink cartridges print , scan and copy usb 2.0 interface 802.11b g n wireless networking 2.0-inch hi-resolution mono lcd use hp eprint and airprint mobile printing ; if you can e-mail it , you can print it produce high-quality documents with laser-quality text and vivid color graphics print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone or ipod touch with airprint start printing right away with quick and easy installation , and print within a few seconds this e-all-in-one is composed of 25 % post-consumer recycled plastics hp pcl 3 gui print languages integrated standard memory up to 1000 pages monthly duty cycle print specifications : technology : hp drop-on-demand thermal inkjet draft mode : color input black render : 300 x 300 dpi ; output ( black color ) : automatic normal mode : color input black render : 600 x 300 dpi ; output ( black color ) : automatic plain-best mode : color input black render : 600 x 600 dpi
custom engraved name tag badges  personalized identification with pin or magnetic backing , 1 inch x 3 inches , black white .
amazonbasics letter size laminating pouch 9 x 11.5in , 100-pack . an amazon brand .
black snap shut brochure box brochure holder flyer box black outdoor realtor style info box real estate realtor supplies . the snap shut message center real estate box box includes the following best-in-class design features ez auto close snap shut lid lid automatically closes and has reinforced ears so the lid is not easily removed or broken off . ez card message feature eliminates the empty brochure box problem . users can now print a customized message for each new listing conveying critical information such as price , square footage , and contact numbers by using a standard size businesscard paper . ez pull large access area enables brochures to be easily withdrawn . ez mount multiple mount convenience . you do not need to remove front panel to access mounting holes . brightflyer is the only box in the market with strap holes so you can use standard cable ties to mount the box to just about anything . ez dry brightflyer has a sprinkler guard to prevent water from shooting upwards into the box . the box has also a ridged bottom with small drainage holes on the bottom to remove moisture and ensure the interior of the box is always dry .
stand steady original standing desk  large surface ( 23.5 in x 20 in )  new taller model with non-skid feet . instantly convert any surface to a standing desk ! .
plan ahead mom 's 18 months planner , july 2013 - december 2014 , assorted designs , design may vary , 1 planner ( 85097 ) . mom family organizer 18-month planner ( july 2013 - december 2014 ) in monthly & weekly format . make sure you 're prepared for the new year with a 2013 2014 planner .
samsung printer xpress sl-m2625d monochrome printer . be much more productive and efficient with a fast and easy-to-use printer that gives you great value for money . reduce print costs but do n't settle for less than the best . the efficient samsung xpress m2625d gives you the speed you need to be more productive , without compromising on quality . what 's more , thanks to the easy printer manager software , convenient bypass tray , and automatic duplex this printer is designed with ease of use and cost savings in mind . the samsung xpress m2625d mono laser printer helps you reduce print costs while maintaining high-quality results . suited for a home office or small business , this mono laser printer delivers fast print speeds of 27 pages per minute . samsung 's recp image processing technology produces professional-quality prints with sharper text and smoother images . several options help reduce toner and paper usage , while easy-to-use print management software allows you to quickly monitor your printer and supplies . print fast , do n't wait . view larger . print with more paper types for all kinds of uses . view larger . cut costs with separated toner system . view larger . with the samsung xpress m2625d , you can easily produce high-quality prints right from your home office or small business . thanks to high-resolution print quality up to 4,800 x 600 dpi effective , your prints will have sharper images and clearer text . featuring samsung 's recp ( rendering engine for clean pages ) image processing technology and polymerized toner , the samsung xpress m2625d delivers prints with finer detail and a more polished , well-defined edge . the samsung xpress m2625d delivers printing speeds of 27 pages per minute , making even the most complex jobs feel fast . a powerful 600 mhz processor , 128 mb of memory , and a cortex-a5 core help you to work faster and spend less time waiting for your documents . the samsung xpress m2625d lets you print on a variety of paper types and weights . you can print on a range of media up to 58 pounds , including paper , labels , cards , envelopes , and overhead projector transparencies . a one-touch eco button automatically enables several options , including printing on both sides of a page , printing multiple images to a side , and skipping blank pages . you can edit the default settings and even choose if it affects just the next job or all future jobs . samsung 's easy eco driver allows you to further cut down on energy usage and saves toner and paper by letting you edit your jobs before printing , such as removing images or bold text . eco simulator shows you the estimated reduction percentage of carbon dioxide , electricity , and paper , so you can see the difference for yourself . samsung 's separated toner system helps reduce the overall cost of running your printer -- including the cost per page -- by keeping the toner cartridge and imaging units separate . this means you only need to purchase the imaging unit when it 's empty , saving you on costs and helping you keep a balanced budget . samsung 's easy printer manager makes it convenient to look after your printer 's settings and applications within a single interface . it gives you easy access to error reports as well as the status of your printer and its supplies , and allows you to manage settings remotely . duplex printing lets you print on both sides of the page , cutting paper usage in half . switch into eco mode to make sure all documents use duplex printing , reducing your impact on the environment and saving you money . the convenient one-touch print screen button allows you to quickly and easily print what is on your screen without the hassle of going through the usual process of screen captures , pasting , and printing . samsung xpress m2625d mono laser printer , power cord , full set of standard toner , driver software cd with digital user manual , warranty card , and quick installation guide . * declared cartridge yield in accordance with iso iec 19752 edge enhancement . view larger . the eco button helps reduce waste . view larger . monitor and manage your printer easily . view larger .
hp ss342b # bgj samsung electronics sl-m2825dw wireless monochrome printer . the samsung printer xpress m2825dw network and wireless monochrome laser printer delivers world-class results , with the reliability of samsung technology . with fast print speeds , a 12,000-page duty cycle and sleek designs , this wireless laser printer improves productivity and flexibility for every job in your office . speed through jobs at print speeds up to 29 ppm . efficient print on both sides of the page with auto duplex printing , and by using eco mode to save on toner and paper . samsungs recp image processing technology combines with our polymerized toner for sharp , crisp , high-resolution images . and the two-piece toner system means you can replace the toner and drum separately , for greater cost savings . easy mobile printing : print from your iphone , ipad , windows phone or android mobile device directly to the wireless printer . just download our free mobile print app , and you can print without a computer . with printing volume at less than 50 dba , the m2825dw performs without making noise at your office . 1. as of nov. 1 , 2017 , hp acquired samsungs printing business and samsung printers were added to the hp portfolio of products . samsung printers enjoy hps warranty support in accordance with warranty documents accompanying the products . the samsung xpress m2825dw mono laser wireless printer helps you reduce print costs while maintaining high-quality results . suited for a home office or small business , this mono laser wireless printer delivers fast print speeds of 29 pages per minute without compromising quality . samsung 's recp image processing technology produces professional-quality prints with sharper text and smoother images . several options help reduce toner and paper usage , while mobile printing and print management software make this printer easy to use . print fast , do n't wait . view larger . print with more paper types for all kinds of uses . view larger . cut costs with separated toner system . view larger . built-in network capabilities allow you to connect your printer to your network via ethernet cable or wirelessly via the 802.11b g n wi-fi . utilizing this arrangement can reduce the amount of money you spend on additional printers and increase productivity by having several devices printing to the same location . with the samsung xpress m2825dw , you can easily produce high-quality prints right from your home office or small business . thanks to high-resolution print quality up to 4,800 x 600 dpi effective , your prints will have sharper images and clearer text . featuring samsung 's recp ( rendering engine for clean pages ) image processing technology and polymerized toner , the samsung xpress m2825dw maintains a sleek design , while delivering prints with finer detail and a more polished , well-defined edge . the samsung xpress m2825dw delivers printing speeds of 29 pages per minute , making even the most complex jobs feel fast . a powerful 600 mhz processor , 128 mb of memory , and a cortex-a5 core help you to work faster and spend less time waiting for your documents . samsung 's mobile print app allows you to print directly from your mobile device without the need for a computer . the free download for iphone , ipad , android , and windows phone devices lets you work smarter and faster without wasting time switching devices and transferring files . print over your existing wi-fi network or connect any device directly to the printer via the built in wi-fi direct . the m2825dw is also google cloud print capable , allowing you to print from anywhere in the world via your google account . the samsung xpress m2825dw lets you print on a variety of paper types and weights . you can print on a range of media up to 58 pounds , including paper , labels , cards , envelopes , and overhead projector transparencies . a one-touch eco button automatically enables several options , including printing on both sides of a page , printing multiple images to a side , and skipping blank pages . you can edit the default settings and even choose if it affects just the next job or all future jobs . samsung 's easy eco driver allows you to further cut down on energy usage and saves toner and paper by letting you edit your jobs before printing , such as removing images or bold text . eco simulator shows you the estimated reduction percentage of carbon dioxide , electricity , and paper , so you can see the difference for yourself . samsung 's separated toner system helps reduce the overall cost of running your printer -- including the cost per page -- by keeping the toner cartridge and imaging units separate . this means you only need to purchase the imaging unit when it 's empty , saving you on costs and helping you keep a balanced budget . samsung 's easy printer manager makes it convenient to look after your printer 's settings and applications within a single interface . it gives you easy access to error reports as well as the status of your printer and its supplies , and allows you to manage settings remotely . duplex printing lets you print on both sides of the page , cutting paper usage in half . switch into eco mode to make sure all documents use duplex printing , reducing your impact on the environment and saving you money . the m2825dw mono laser wireless printer uses the following toner and consumables : samsung xpress m2825dw mono laser wireless printer , power cord , usb 2.0 cable , full set of standard toner , driver software cd with digital user manual , warranty card , and quick installation guide . * declared cartridge yield in accordance with iso iec 19752 edge enhancement . view larger . the eco button helps reduce waste . view larger . monitor and manage your printer easily . view larger .
samsung multifunction xpress sl-m2875fd monochrome printer with scanner , copier and fax . the samsung printer xpress m2875fd , 29 ppm 4-in-1 mono laser multifunction printer , has copy , scan and fax capabilities along with built-in duplex printing as well as an eco mode for increased savings on toner and paper . print , copy , scan , and fax documents with ease using the m2875fd mono laser multifunction printer from samsung . suited for a home office or small business , this mono laser multifunction printer delivers fast print speeds of 29 pages per minute without compromising quality . samsung 's recp image processing technology produces professional-quality prints with sharper text and smoother images . several eco options help reduce toner and paper usage , while mobile printing and print management software make this printer easy to use . print , scan , copy , and fax all in one . view larger . enhance fine lines and small text . view larger . print with more paper types for all kinds of uses . view larger . built-in network capabilities allow you to easily connect your printer to your network via ethernet cable . utilizing this arrangement can reduce the amount of money you spend on additional printers and increase productivity by having several devices printing to the same location . with the samsung xpress m2875fd , you can easily produce high-quality prints right from your home office or small business . thanks to high-resolution print quality up to 4,800 x 600 dpi effective , your prints will have sharper images and clearer text . featuring samsung 's recp ( rendering engine for clean pages ) image processing technology and polymerized toner , the samsung xpress m2875fd maintains a sleek design , while delivering prints with finer detail and a more polished , well-defined edge . recp also automatically enhances halftone patterns during scanning and copying , delivering smoother images which are true to their original . the samsung xpress m2875fd delivers printing speeds of 29 pages per minute , making even the most complex jobs feel fast . a powerful 600 mhz processor , 128 mb of memory , and a cortex-a5 core help you to work faster and spend less time waiting for your documents . samsung 's mobile print app allows you to print , scan , and fax directly from your mobile device without the need for a computer . the free download for iphone , ipad , android , and windows phone devices lets you work smarter and faster without wasting time switching devices and transferring files . the m2875fd is also google cloud print capable , allowing you to print from anywhere in the world via your google account . when scanning or copying , you can ensure that thin lines and small text are captured with the samsung xpress m2875fd . de-integrated cavity effect ( de-ice ) technology maximizes the amount of text that is captured , delivering higher-quality prints and scans . the samsung xpress m2875fd lets you print on a variety of paper types and weights . you can print on a range of media up to 58 pounds , including paper , labels , cards , envelopes , and overhead projector transparencies . a one-touch eco button automatically enables several options , including printing in grayscale and skipping blank pages . you can edit the default settings and even choose if it affects just the next job or all future jobs . samsung 's easy eco driver allows you to further cut down on energy usage and saves toner and paper by letting you edit your jobs before printing , such as removing images or bold text . eco simulator shows you the estimated reduction percentage of carbon dioxide , electricity , and paper , so you can see the difference for yourself . samsung 's separated toner system helps reduce the overall cost of running your printer -- including the cost per page -- by keeping the toner cartridge and imaging units separate . this means you only need to purchase the imaging unit when it 's empty , saving you on costs and helping you keep a balanced budget . samsung 's easy printer manager makes it convenient to look after your printer 's settings and applications within a single interface . it gives you easy access to error reports as well as the status of your printer and its supplies , and allows you to manage settings remotely . duplex printing lets you print on both sides of the page , cutting paper usage in half . switch into eco mode to make sure all documents use duplex printing , reducing your impact on the environment and saving you money . samsung xpress m2875fd mono laser multifunction printer , power cord , full set of standard toner , driver software cd with digital user manual , warranty card , and quick installation guide . * declared cartridge yield in accordance with iso iec 19752 cut costs with separated toner system . view larger . the eco button helps reduce waste . view larger . monitor and manage your printer easily . view larger .
samsung multifunction xpress sl-m2875fw wireless monochrome printer with scanner , copier and fax . the samsung printer xpress m2875fw , 29 ppm 4-in-1 mono laser multifunction wireless printer , has copy , scan and fax capabilities along with built-in duplex printing as well as an eco mode for increased savings on toner and paper . print , copy , scan , and fax documents with ease using the m2875fw mono laser multifunction wireless printer from samsung . suited for a home office or small business , this mono laser multifunction wireless printer delivers fast print speeds of 29 pages per minute without compromising quality . samsung 's recp image processing technology produces professional-quality prints with sharper text and smoother images . several options help reduce toner and paper usage , while mobile printing and print management software make this printer easy to use . print , scan , copy , and fax all in one . view larger . enhance fine lines and small text . view larger . print with more paper types for all kinds of uses . view larger . built-in network capabilities allow you to connect your printer to your network via ethernet cable or 802.11b g n wi-fi . utilizing this arrangement can reduce the amount of money you spend on additional printers and increase productivity by having several devices printing to the same location . with the samsung xpress m2875fw , you can easily produce high-quality prints right from your home office or small business . thanks to high-resolution print quality up to 4,800 x 600 dpi effective , your prints will have sharper images and clearer text . featuring samsung 's recp ( rendering engine for clean pages ) image processing technology and polymerized toner , the samsung xpress m2875fw maintains a sleek design , while delivering prints with finer detail and a more polished , well-defined edge . recp also automatically enhances halftone patterns during scanning and copying , delivering smoother images which are true to their original . the samsung xpress m2875fw delivers printing speeds of 29 pages per minute , making even the most complex jobs feel fast . a powerful 600 mhz processor , 128 mb of memory , and a cortex-a5 core help you to work faster and spend less time waiting for your documents . when scanning or copying , you can ensure that thin lines and small text are captured with the samsung xpress m2875fw . de-integrated cavity effect ( de-ice ) technology maximizes the amount of text that is captured , delivering higher-quality prints and scans . samsung 's mobile print app allows you to print , scan , and fax directly from your mobile device without the need for a computer . the free download for iphone , ipad , android , and windows phone devices lets you work smarter and faster without wasting time switching devices and transferring files . print over your existing wi-fi network , or connect any device directly to the printer via the built in wi-fi direct . the m2875fw is also google cloud print capable , allowing you to print from anywhere in the world via your google account . the samsung xpress m2875fw lets you print on a variety of paper types and weights . you can print on a range of media up to 58 pounds , including paper , labels , cards , envelopes , and overhead projector transparencies . a one-touch eco button automatically enables several options , including printing in grayscale and skipping blank pages . you can edit the default settings and even choose if it affects just the next job or all future jobs . samsung 's easy eco driver allows you to further cut down on energy usage and saves toner and paper by letting you edit your jobs before printing , such as removing images or bold text . eco simulator shows you the estimated reduction percentage of carbon dioxide , electricity , and paper , so you can see the difference for yourself . samsung 's separated toner system helps reduce the overall cost of running your printer -- including the cost per page -- by keeping the toner cartridge and imaging units separate . this means you only need to purchase the imaging unit when it 's empty , saving you on costs and helping you keep a balanced budget . samsung 's easy printer manager makes it convenient to look after your printer 's settings and applications within a single interface . it gives you easy access to error reports as well as the status of your printer and its supplies , and allows you to manage settings remotely . duplex printing lets you print on both sides of the page , cutting paper usage in half . switch into eco mode to make sure all documents use duplex printing , reducing your impact on the environment and saving you money . the m2875fw mono laser wireless printer uses the following toner and consumables : samsung xpress m2875fw mono laser multifunction wireless printer , power cord , usb 2.0 cable , set of starter toner , driver software cd with digital user manual , and quick installation guide . * declared cartridge yield in accordance with iso iec 19752 cut costs with separated toner system . view larger . the eco button helps reduce waste . view larger . monitor and manage your printer easily . view larger .
vonage digital phone service adapter vdv23-vd . replace your existing home phone service with this vonage single port router to get unlimited , nationwide , crystal-clear calls . the motorola vt1005v dual-port voice terminal adapter fully supports vonage 's voip service ( voice over internet protocol ) and lets you connect up to two phones . the adapter works by converting your voice from analog to digital , which is then recognized as data and transmitted over the internet . the vt1005v will work with any cable or dsl modem and operates seamlessly with any pc , mac , or unix-based computer , so you can talk and surf at the same time .
royal sovereign electric coin counter , 4 rows of coin counting , patented anti-jam technology , digital coin counting display , automatic coin roll advancement , ( fs-44p ) . the royal sovereign fs-44p 4 row electric coin counter is the perfect solution for fast , convenient , and simple automatic coin sorting . this coin counter sorts at a high speed of up to 312 coins per minute . count more coins at once with royal sovereigns largest coin hopper capacity of up to 800 coins . automatic row advancement allows for hands-free operation for the consumer . when coin tubes are full , the tubes will automatically advance and the coin counter will continue to count and sort the remaining coins . the coins can easily sort into preformed coin wrappers for easy transition to coin wrapping and rolling . the fs-44p comes with patented anti-jam technology that ensures precise internal sorting when counting coins and hassle-free operation . this coin counter contains 4 rows of coin tubes for each denomination which allows the consumer to count more coins at once without interruption ! value counting is a convenient feature that comes equipped with this coin counter . an easy-to use front panel display shows the total amount of coins counted as well as total count by denomination . the additional printer option provides the user with the option to print a receipt of the coins counted for a record document ( printer sold separately ) . since 1986 , royal sovereign has been a global leader in money management equipment including , bill counters , counterfeit detectors , our patented coin sorters , and cash accessories .
twsbi diamond 580 fountain pen nib ef .
walterdrake christian birthday cards - set of 24 . assortment of christian birthday cards come in a set of 24 with 8 unique designs . religious birthday cards include charming verses and single fold to 4 1 8 '' x 5 3 8 '' ; white envelopes included .
vtech sn6107 careline accessory cordless handset , white requires a vtech sn6197 or other models to operate . speakerphone , audio assist , mute and more . view larger large 2-inch display for easy viewing . view larger careline accessory handset the sn6107 is an accessory handset for the sn6197 home telephone and personal communication system . by quickly registering to the base , this handset adds mobility and convenience to the careline system . big buttons and a large display make dialing and viewing calls easy , while voice announce caller id announces the name of callers so you do n't have to get up . need some help hearing what 's being said ? no problem . use audio assist to boost up the volume on a call . please note : accessory handset onlyrequires an sn6197 series phone to operate . always know who 's calling , even when you 're in the other room . all devices announce the names of your callers through the speakerphones . oversized buttons and easy-to-read display screens make the system super easy and comfortable . need more help hearing what 's being said ? use audio assist to temporarily boost up the volume while you 're on a call or listening to your messages . experience calls with rich , clear sound . the built-in equalizer provides four different profiles to best match your needs . 1 cordless handset , 1 charger , 1 power adapter , 1 battery , quick start guide
brother mfc9130cw wireless all-in-one printer with scanner , copier and fax , amazon dash replenishment enabled . the mfc-9130cw is a fast , reliable digital color all-in-one ( print copy scan fax ) for small businesses . it features wireless networking , a 3.7 '' color touch screen display and prints high-impact color and crisp black documents at up to 19ppm . it 's compact and offers versatile paper handling with a 250-sheet capacity letter legal paper tray and a single-sheet manual feed slot . this energy-efficient all-in-one has a deep sleep mode for conserving energy when not in use ( uses < 2w ) . the optional high yield color toners ( approx . 2,200 pgs . each^ ) can help lower your cost per page , and its top-loading design makes it easy to replace and install toner cartridges . you can also print wirelessly from your mobile device via airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , and wi-fi direct .
brother mfc-9330cdw all-in-one color laser printer , scanner , copier , and fax , duplex printing , wireless networking , mobile device printing , scanning  amazon dash replenishment enabled . the brother mfc-9330cdw is an ideal choice for small businesses needing a quick , reliable , and affordable scanning and printing solution . using brothers digital led print technology , this compact but durable printer can create copies in high-impact color and crisp black at up to 23 pages per minute at 600 x 2400 dpi resolution ; and it scans and faxes as well . an easy-to-navigate 3.7 color touchscreen displays menus that you navigate by tapping and swiping . connect to the web directly through the web connect touchscreen interface so you can access your evernote , dropbox , or box account . the flexibility to connect to multiple devices on multiple platforms is another hallmark feature of the brother mfc-9330cdw . its built-in ethernet and wireless network allow it to be installed on a wired or wireless network . you have the flexibility to connect to single computer remotely or via usb . this printer also offers wireless printing from your mobile device via airprint google cloud print brother iprint & scan , cortado workplace , and wi-fi direct . its built-in security features help you control your printing costs : the secure function lock lets office managers set color page counts or restrict color printing altogether for up to 25 users . the brother mfc-9330cdw offers duplex printing as well . you can easily print two-sided pages with its automatic duplex print feature , designed to produce professional double-sided copies , presentations , brochures , and booklets . the 250-sheet paper tray can be adjusted to letter or legal size , and a straight-through paper path via a manual feed slot can be used for envelope printing . the 35-page capacity auto document feeder permits convenient copying , scanning , or faxing multiple-page documents . this system from brother comes with a 1-year limited warranty and free phone , email or live chat support for the life of the product .
brother printer mfcj4310dw wireless color inkjet printer with scanner , copier and fax , amazon dash replenishment enabled . the brother mfc-j4310dw helps you increase your productivity with fastest in class iso print speeds up to 18ppm black and 16ppm color . reduce cost per page with optional super high yield replacement cartridges . print high-impact documents up to 11 x 17 inches from a compact machine with the smallest footprint in its class . duplex ( 2-sided ) printing helps save paper . navigate print , copy , scan , and fax functionality with easy-to-use 1.8-inch touchscreen display with an intelligent touch panel . access popular cloud services via web connect . print wirelessly from your compatible mobile device . includes 2-year limited warranty plus free phone support for the life of the product .
skilcraft - 7520-00-223-6675 - wax mechanical pencils red .
plan ahead large home office 18 months planner , july 2013 - december 2014 , assorted colors , color may vary , 1 planner ( 85096 ) . basic large home office planner in monthly weekly format with 4 tabbed dividers . 18-month format ( july 2013 - december 2014 ) . make sure you 're prepared for the new year with a 2013 2014 planner .
plan ahead medium home office 18 months planner , july 2013 - december 2014 , assorted colors , color may vary , 1 planner ( 85095 ) . basic medium home office planner in monthly weekly format with 4 tabbed dividers . 18-month format ( july 2013 - december 2014 ) . make sure you 're prepared for the new year with a 2013 2014 planner .
plan ahead small home office 18 months planner , july 2013 - december 2014 , assorted colors , color may vary , 1 planner ( 85094 ) . basic small home office planner in monthly weekly format with 4 tabbed dividers . 18-month format ( july 2013 - december 2014 ) . make sure you 're prepared for the new year with a 2013 2014 planner .
riverridge somerset collection single door floor cabinet , white . maximize storage and display space with the stylish riverridge somerset single door floor cabinet that features classic design and attractive detailing such as inset door , drawer and side panels , coved top shelf and two-tone satin mirror finish handles . additional dimensions : inner shelves : 12.63 '' w x 10.38 '' d and drawer : 8.75 '' w x 9.25 '' d x 4.13 `` h .
bel decal waterslide inkjet paper clear 5 sheets per package .
polycom 2200-46157-025 vvx 400 ip business poe telephone ( power supply not included ) . vvx 400 ip business poe telephone
gigablock cis ciss continuous ink supply system for epson expression xp 200 xp 300 xp 400 wf-2530 wf-2540 . `` this item is only for usa and canada market `` `` fast domestic delivery in 3~4 days secured , for orders through gigablockshop `` `` product ship from california , usa. `` product features- no more ink cartridges purchase , no more cartridges replacement . refillable ink cartridges ink reservoirs enable countless refills . - quick and easy installation . you will be printing in minutes . - no leaking or clogging - pre-assembled - environmentally friendly the cis ( continuous ink system ) consists of a high-capacity ink reservoir ( same as using between 8 ~ 10 ink cartridges per color ) that is attached to a cartridge via secure tubing . the tubing acts as a vacuum to extract ink from the reservoir and keep the cartridge full of ink . because of the large reservoir capacity , you can print for an extended period of time without running low right away . there is a red line on the reservoir to indicate when it is time to refill . each cis comes complete with easy-to-follow instructions , ink , and all accessories needed to successfully use the system . the included uci cartridges have a permanent smart chip already installed , which will automatically reset itself when your printer power is turned off ( for 5 seconds ) and turned back on . no mess ! no leaking ! < call service 's provided > you can check the contact information in seller help page - for contact point , please go to gigablockshop store front in amazon .
elegant fountain pen jinhao 301 black with diamond fine nib . jinhao , a world famous brand , its writing instruments successfully absorb the excellent domestic and international culture tradition . the ingenious creativity , advanced machine manufacturing and exquisite hand-making skills make it a well-known brand in the international pens line . each design is taken charge by internationally famous designers and elaborately made of material of high quality with world advanced pen-making skills . all of these fully embody the superior characteristics of jinhao writing instruments .
hero elegant fountain pen 2017 black with fine nib . the shanghai hero pen company , popular for its hero fountain pens , is a chinese company . founded in 1931 as the huafu pen factory , it was renamed in 1966 to the current name . some of its brands of fountain pens include hero , doctor , wing sung , lucky , huafu , xinming , guanleming , xinhua , and gentleman . by the 1990s , the company 's hero brand of fountain pen had earned a high reputation among chinese , and had come to be known as the best in the country.hero pens were also popular in the world during the 1980s and 1990s .
universal typewriter ribbon - 1 2 inch black and red ink twin spool fresh and new sc20br . ss-tw-sr-fba
dayminder 2015 weekly pocket appointment book , black , 4.18 x 6.5 x .48 inches ( g250-00 ) . view larger day-timer planners `` empowering you to dare to dream , plan to succeed , day-timer provides leading solutions in paper and digital planning that reflect the multi-faceted needs of our customers unique and ever-changing lifestyles . as a trusted name in personal organization for more than 65 years , we help individuals simplify their lives , organize and prioritize their daily activities , manage their time for work-life balance , and achieve their personal and professional goals . choose from 3 key planning horizons : day-timer planners and appointment books come in a wide variety of sizes and styles . simple , classic formats for all your planning need fashion and photographic planners which bring color and creativity to your day . with soft or vivid colors and vibrant photographs , these are sure to add a little flair to your day .
personal assistance voice dialer ii ( pavdii ) with necklace and wrist panic button - no monthly fee medical alert system . package contains wrist and necklace pendant panic button ( 2 total panic buttons phone ) . no monthly fees - 100-150 foot panic button range - telephone speakerphone . waterproof panic buttons - calls 1-30 phone numbers in the event of emergency . strobe light ringer - amplified speakerphone and ringer . battery backup - talking caller id - big buttons -talking buttons when dialing . - the new personal assistance voice dialer ii the easiest way to keep your independence ! just press the panic button and help is on the way ! - instantly calls up to 30 people & plays your personalized emergency message . when a call is received press 0 and open the full 2-way communication through the built in speakerphone from several rooms away . - pacemaker safe - waterproof ( shower or bathe with it ) - amplified volume up to 40db - amplified ringer up to 90db - 100-150 foot range - never pay a monitoring fee ! no monthly fees ! telephone and caller id features : - fsk dtmf emergency talking caller id speakerphone . the system speaks the phone number when a call comes in . - up to 64 message memories - wall mountable - capable of dialing a 22 digit telephone number . - 16 digits of name display - big buttons for dialing . - talking buttons - built-in phonebook with up to 30 memories - real time clock display - 3 one-touch dialing buttons on base console ( sos , m1 and 911 ) - 5 levels of lcd contrast adjustment . - flash time : 100 300 600ms selectable - tone pulse selectable - battery backup for up to 12 hours - in-use indicator - low & no battery indicator ( 4 x aa alkaline batteries - not included ) - ringer volume control . - ringer light - ( flashing light lets you see that the phone is ringing ) - handset volume control ( adjust the volume up or down ) - speakerphone volume control ( slide control to set the speakerphone volume up to 40db ) - lcd back light ( allows you to see the screen even in total darkness ) - external power : dc 9v 300ma adapter ( included )
advanced fountain pen jinhao chinese dragon bronze white with black heavy gife pen . jinhao , a world famous brand , its writing instruments successfully absorb the excellent domestic and international culture tradition . the ingenious creativity , advanced machine manufacturing and exquisite hand-making skills make it a well-known brand in the international pens line . each design is taken charge by internationally famous designers and elaborately made of material of high quality with world advanced pen-making skills . all of these fully embody the superior characteristics of jinhao writing instruments .
uscutter vinyl cutter mh 34in bundle - sign making kit w design & cut software , supplies , tools .
at-a-glance two year monthly planner 2014-2015 ( 7002405 ) . look ahead and stay organized with a pocket planner from at-a-glance . two years of planning in one handy , portable pocket planner . use our pocket planner to track all your appointments , vacation days , birthdays , meetings and upcoming events .
hp scanjet professional 3000s2 sheet-feed scanner ( l2737a ) . turn the page on your paper-intensive processes . save time with smart , reliable scanning that 's easy to integrate and adds efficiency to any office . count on clear , legible results from a compact scanner designed to help save energy .
horizon acct-500 digital precision jewelry scale w trays , 500 g by 0.01 g . this sleek acct digital scale features a moderate 500g capacity , fine 0.01g ( one hundredth of a gram ) accuracy , and superb build quality . with its large 4x4 '' stainless steel platform and two included expansion trays , this precision scale suits for a wide variety of weighing needs ( jewelry , gold , coins , herbs , hobbies , reloading , diet , etc ) . your scale is pre-calibrated and tested with precision weights .
pos ecr cash drawer `` stainless steel front '' .
push cash drawer `` stainless steel front '' . radiant cd00035 black cash drawer with stainless steel front dual media slots includes till money tray , lock , key and cash drawer cable to printer length 16 width 18 height 4
at & t cl82203 dect 6.0 expandable cordless phone with caller id call waiting and digital ansewering , 2 handsets , silver black . 2-handset answering system with caller id call waiting easy-to-read and to use , the cl82203 phone system makes dialing and viewing calls easy with high-contrast black text on a white display . this telephone announces the name of incoming callers , making screening calls that much easier . with unsurpassed range , you can take your calls far from the base without sacrificing sound quality . plus , the push-to-talk feature allows you to use the handsets as walkie-talkies to reach another room in the house without having to shout . unsurpassed range push-to-talk digital answering system caller id announce hd audio with equalizer experience the best in long-range coverage and clarity , provided by a unique antenna design and advances in noise-filtering technology . no more shouting through the housethis system doubles as a multiple handset walkie-talkie to instantly communicate with any or all of the units in your home . digitally record up to 14 minutes of incoming messages , outgoing announcements , and memos . also allows for instant playback , selective save or delete , and skipping or repeating messages from the handset and base . screening calls has never been easier . the handset and base announce the name of the caller , so you do n't have to scramble for the handset to see who 's calling . choose from four preset audio profiles , or use the equalizer to personalize bass , treble , and natural tones for your individual hearing needs . 2 handsets , 1 base , 1 charger , 2 power adapters , line cord , 2 batteries , quick start guide , owner 's manual
at & t cl80103 accessory cordless handset , silver black requires a vtech cl82203 or other models to operate . accessory handset with caller id call waiting the cl80103 is an accessory handset only . registration to the base is quick and wireless so you spend less time setting up and more time enjoying the phone 's many features , like unsurpassed range , caller id announce , and push-to-talk . plus , with hd audio and an equalizer , you can customize the audio to meet your needs . unsurpassed range caller id announce push-to-talk hd audio experience the best in long-range coverage and clarity , provided by a unique antenna design and advances in noise-filtering technology . screening calls has never been easier . the handset and base announce the name of the caller , so you do n't have to scramble for the handset to see who 's calling . no more shouting through the housethis system doubles as a multiple handset walkie-talkie to instantly communicate with any or all of the units in your home . choose from four preset audio profiles , or use the equalizer to personalize bass , treble and natural tones for your individual hearing needs . 1 cordless handset , 1 charger , 1 power adapter , 1 battery , quick start guide
trubind coil-binding machine - with electric coil inserter - tb-s20a - professionally bind books and documents - office or home use - adjustable hole-punching and paper-size settings . create affordable , professional-looking bound books at home or in the office with our trubind coil-binding machine . the electric spiral coil-binding machine saves you time and energy and allows you to create customized bound books the trubind coil-binding machine is the perfect solution for your next project . with a punch capacity of up to 20 sheets of standard 20 # paper , you can punch holes quickly and easily . a full set of disengaging pins means that you can control where the holes are punched in your document and avoid messy , half-punched holes at the edges . working with paper larger than letter size , that standard binding equipment cant handle ? no problem . the open-throat design allows you to insert large and non-standard page sizes , and the side and depth margin adjustments allow you to place the binding holes exactly where you want them on your book-binding project . a full handlebar that allows for left-handed , right-handed , and two-handed operation makes the trubind coil-binding machine comfortable for anyone to use . simply apply steady pressure to the handlebar to produce clean , even holes along the edge of your document . weighing only 18.3 pounds , this binding machine has a lightweight design for portability within the workspace , making it an excellent addition to any school or small office environment . it uses 4:1 pitch plastic binding coils , which can be inserted quickly and easily using the electric coil roller on top of the machine . or you can manually twist the coils into the document . for a finished , professional look , use the included heavy-duty manual coil crimping pliers to finish the edges . we stand by our high-quality office equipment . thats why we offer a two-year manufacturer warranty . if you are not completely satisfied with your trubind coil-binding machine , just send it back for a complete refund .
gigablock cis ciss continuous ink supply system for epson stylus photo r2000 using cartridge t1591 8 colors . bigger ink volume than any other cis ... .. no more ink cartridges purchase , no more cartridges replacement . refillable ink cartridges ink reservoirs enable countless refills . pre-filled with 100ml x 8 colors = 800ml of premium uv ( ultra violet ) resistant dye based ink . quick and easy installation . you will be printing in minutes . 80 % savings on individual inkjet cartridge . no leaking or clogging . pre-assembled environmentally friendly reset button . automatically reset the cartridges so there is no need to utilize a chip resetter nor take the cartridges out of the printer to refill .
yealink w52h handset . the w52h is cordless handset designed for business use.it is equipped with a high-quality tft color display which provides a clear view from all angles , user can enjoy conversations in high sound quality , benefit from freedom of movement , professional features like intercom , transfer , call forward , 3-way conferencing etc , and zero touch installation ensures quick and easy configuration .
amzdeal paper cutter guillotine paper cutter trimmer professional heavy duty commercial paper cutter a4 paper cutting machine . features : heavy duty , desktop stack paper cutter features a new patent pending design based on innovative ideas as well as valuable input from the customers . the cutter is equipped with a machined all steel side gauge with 1 32 '' resolution measurements and innovative rail-based all steel back support arm . the back support arm can easily be flipped up to accommodate larger and longer documents . it also comes with a heavy duty all steel base protected with scratch resistant coating . the maximum cutting width of this model is 12 '' and the thickness capacity is 400 sheets of 20 lb bond papers . the approximate overall size is 19.5 '' x 19 '' x 7 '' and approximate weight is 36 pounds . * easy to operate , sturdy , well balanced frame with heavy duty construction . * professionally machined and assembled steel blade rail and sturdy blade assembly . * heavy duty 7 64 '' all steel base with computer generated dual measures ( standard and metric ) . * surface protected with scratch resistant coating . * hardened precision steel blade customized at the factory . blades can either be re-sharpened or replaced if needed . * machined steel side gauge with standard measures ( 1 32 '' resolution ) , protected with scratch resistant coating . * automatic safety blade lock prevents cutting until released * all metal clamp hand wheel * solid steel side gauge * nonskid feet note t shaped damper is not included ! technical specifications : maximum cutting width : 12 '' maximun cutting thickness : 1.57 '' maximum cutting capacity : 400 sheets ( 20 lb bond papers ) product size : 21 '' x 15 '' x 7 `` package weight : 36 pounds package content 1 * a4 paper trimmer 1 * handle 6 * m5 * 10mm screws 1 * 4mm allen wrench 1 * user manual
hp officejet 7610 wireless color photo printer with scanner , copier and fax , hp instant ink & amazon dash replenishment ready ( cr769a ) . key specs product overview  print professional color in a wide range of sizesfrom 3 '' x 5 '' to 13 '' x 19 '' and stay efficient with copy , scan and fax functionality  easily print from your smartphone , tablet or notebook  scan large documents in a single pass with a legal-size scan glass this product has print and share with notebooks or pcs on an existing wireless network , using the freedom of built-in wireless connect printing devices to pcs securely with built-in ethernet ports boost office efficiency with an all-in-one that includes fax functionality easily print from your smartphone , tablet , or notebook at home , work or on the go scan and copy multiple pages efficiently with an automatic document feeder scan documents up to 8.5 '' x 14 '' on the scanbed access , store and print with the tap of a finger conserve resources with an energy star-qualified printer image gallery included features save on printing costs with individual inksreplace only the cartridge that runs out print borderless photos and documents up to 13 '' x 19 '' get useful contentprinted when you want itright from your web-connected hp printer . business tips , news , puzzles , coupons and more are included with your printer . just set your schedule and your prints arrive when you choose ! specifications iso laser comparable : up to 15ppm black as fast as 15 seconds ; color as fast as 19 seconds 250-sheet input tray , 35-sheet automatic document feeder black ( best ) : 300 x 300 dpi ; black ( standard ) : 203 x 98 dpi one-year limited hardware warranty , 24-hour , 7 days a week web support ; business hour phone support within warranty period remember original hp ink compare products iso : up to 5 ppm black , up to 3.5 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 22 ppm black , up to 18 ppm color iso : up to 8.8 ppm black , up to 5.2 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 22 ppm black , up to 17 ppm color iso : up to 14 ppm black , up to 8 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 32 ppm black , up to 30 ppm color iso : up to 16 ppm black , up to 9 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 34 ppm black , up to 31 ppm color iso : up to 15 ppm black , up to 8 ppm color maximum print speed : up to 33 ppm black , up to 29 ppm color download more info datasheet
replacement office chair gas lift cylinder pneumatic shock - 5 '' travel - s6111 . these cylinders are a very common standard height and adjustment range for average office chairs . great for replacement of old or worn out gas lift cylinders on chairs that are in otherwise good condition . always remove gas lift cylinders with care and never heat or puncture .
ariic new 1d laser usb wireless bluetooth barcode scanner for apple i pad ios android .
mag-nif money miser ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . the money miser motorized coin sorter sorts and stacks your coins directly into preformed coin wrappers ( sample set included ) . sorts $ 17.50 in coins . handy overflow tray in front of the bank .
business card holder case for businesspeople and professionals .
lafeni leather stainless steel multi case business card holder , black . create a great 1st impression , feel confident & professional . your search for the perfect business card holder is over ! - been embarrassed by producing dog-eared cards from your pocket ? - invested in flimsy card cases that break easily ? - or shiny holders that show each finger print ? - or one that is too large to fit easily into your pocket ? tatty cards , pulled from your pockets do not inspire confidence in your professionalism . you could be losing hundreds of $ $ $ just by making this one simple mistake . the niftythingz business name card case puts an end to all that . - stainless steel & leather case keeps your cards looking brand new.- soft lining protects your cards in the case.- sleek & light to fit easily into your pocket or purse.- unlike metal cases , the leather wo n't smudge or scratch.- holds 12-17 cards easily.- light & slim yet strong & sturdy- perfect for both men & women- custom stainless steel plate allowing you to get it personalized . what makes this card case stand out above the rest ? unlike other card holders , this one is made from top quality materials , created to last & last with a professional & sleek design that will impress your customers & colleagues wtih your sense of style.your office colleagues will want one too ! we are confident enough to offer our `` better than money back '' guarantee . use our business card holder , try it out in every situation . if at anytime you do n't feel it was worth every penny of your investment today , we 'll give your full payment back no questions asked . you are protected by this guarantee no matter how long you use it ! click `` add to cart '' and upgrade your professional image now !
eps compatible replacement for canon 128 ( 3500b001 ) black toner cartridge . eps premium compatible toner cartridges offer great print quality and reliable performance for fast , professional printing quality . eps come with lifetime warranty and customer support 24 hours , 7 days a week .
officemax premium mahogany 2-drawer lateral file .
hp prime graphing calculator . hp prime graphing calculator
samsung proxpress sl-m3320nd monochrome printer . samsung 's sl-m3320nd proxpress 35 ppm monochrome laser printer provides fast , professional quality and lower operating costs .
wireless speaker . caution against child suffocating hazards. , use with lightweight poly bags. , 2 sets of 500 labels per roll =1000 total labels
genius ring style wireless presenter with laser pointer for powerpoint or any other type of presentations ( ring pointer ) . genius introduces the next generation ring style presenter for business , education and i-users - ring pointer . its ergonomic , lightweight design and polished high tech look fits securely on your finger and is sure to capture anyone 's attention . with button control air-presenter technology , you have complete access to control powerpoint slides , play ( f5 ) exit , last next page , blank screen and the laser pointer from anywhere in the room when doing a presentation . ring pointer is a cutting-edge touch technology innovation , powered by the slimmest li-ion rechargeable battery design to protect the environment while you enjoy the simplicity you 've always wanted when giving presentations . also , the smart battery-low indicator flashes in blue when it 's time to recharge . the ring pointer 's worry-free 2.4ghz technology provides a reliable working performance and a laser pointer that can work at a distance up to 10 meters . with its new circular design for improved thumb control and a silver electroplated finish , it 's sure to steal the show during any presentation .
sentinel fm120p 12-sheet high security micro-cut paper cd credit card shredder with pullout basket , black . the sentinel 12 sheet micro-cut shredder is a medium to heavy duty shredder . a 4mm x 10mm micro-cut shred for optimum security of your personal data . auto start stop means you simply leave the shredder on and simply feed the paper , cd dvd or credit card into the intake . a manual reverse function allows you to reverse the cutting blades in the event of a jam . want to shred cd dvd media or credit cards ? no problem , the sentinel 12 sheet micro-cut shredder can do that too . simple to empty with a slide out 5 gallon wastebasket . no plastic bags required ; simply slide out the wastebasket , and dump the shredded material in the dumpster . casters make moving the sentinel 12 sheet micro-cut shredder easy . equipped with an over-heat indicator to protect the shredder motor . reliable , easy to use and easy to empty makes the sentinel 12 sheet micro-cut shredder a must have for home or office .
25 pcs jinhao international size pen ink cartridge to fit fountain pens , black , 5 per pack . jinhao fountain pen inks are made in 100 % high quality , it can fit almost any fountain pen all over the world , and has a variety of ink color which can meet customer needs .
day runner 481-225-09 recycled two-page-per-day planning pages , 5-1 2 x 8-1 2 , , 2015 . a structured planning refill for the person who likes more function and control . enjoy one day per two pages with areas for prioritized activities , expense tracking , daily notes and appointments .
ink4work 10 pack compatible ink cartridge replacement for canon pgi-250xl pgi 250 xl cli-251xl cli 251 xl to use with pixma ip7220 mg5420 mg6320 mx722 mx922 . save money with ink4work compatible ink cartridge for pixma ip7220 , ip8720 , ix6820 , mg5420 , mg5422 , mg5520 , mg5522 , mg6320 , mg6420 , mg7120 , mx722 , mx922
ink4work set of 30 pack pgi-250xl & cli-251xl compatible ink cartridge set for pixma ip7220 , mg5420 , mg6320 , mx722 , mx922 .
ink4work set of 12 pack pgi-250xl & cli-251xl compatible ink cartridge set for pixma ip7220 , mg5420 , mg6320 , mx722 , mx922 . compatible with pixma ip7220 , mg5420 , mg6320 , mx722 , mx922 printer .
baoer 79 faountain pen , black square , classic ciger calligraphy pens . baoer is famous pen brand from china . pen is a powerful means of mankind for inheritance of civilizations , recordation of thoughts and communication of feelings . nowadays the pen has exceeded the writing function itself . to possess a pen with integrity of quality and perfect design becomes a symbol of nobility .
dayminder executive weekly monthly refill , 2019 6 7 8 x 8 3 4 , for g545-14 and g545-00 . view larger day-timer planners `` empowering you to dare to dream , plan to succeed , day-timer provides leading solutions in paper and digital planning that reflect the multi-faceted needs of our customers unique and ever-changing lifestyles . as a trusted name in personal organization for more than 65 years , we help individuals simplify their lives , organize and prioritize their daily activities , manage their time for work-life balance , and achieve their personal and professional goals . choose from 3 key planning horizons : day-timer planners and appointment books come in a wide variety of sizes and styles . simple , classic formats for all your planning need fashion and photographic planners which bring color and creativity to your day . with soft or vivid colors and vibrant photographs , these are sure to add a little flair to your day .
skyscan atomic digital clock with indoor and outdoor temperature 88909 ( black ) . 11
irispen 7 express portable and usb-powered digital pen scanner with over 30 different language speech synthesis . the irispen express 7 is a full-featured text recognition pen scanner . it works just like a highlighter ! simply slide the digital pen over printed information from newspapers , magazines , books , letters , etc . and the text will instantly appear on your computer screen , right where your cursor is located . if you can type it in , you can scan it in with the irispen . smart wizard for easy processing - text , numbers or small images ? whatever you need to scan , the intuitive wizard guides you through the process . free iriscompressor software included - right-click any image and convert into a standard , searchable pdf file up to 5 times smaller . unlimited applications - word , excel , outlook , etc . you name it ! simply place your cursor into your favorite application , and the scanned text , numbers or images will automatically appear at the cursor position . specifications connector - usb-powered box languages - arabic , dutch , english , french , german , italian , portuguese , spanish , russian supported languages - 30+ ( check irislink website ) scanner size ( h x l x d ) - 1.4 x 5.5 x 1 in . scanner weight - 2.1 oz.minimum computer requirements intel pentium based pc or equivalent recommended microsoft windows 8 , 7 , vista , xp or 2000 180mb of available hard-disk space at least one usb port available and a cd-rom drive internet connection for one-time activation
faux leather journal , vintage refillable diary notebook quotes journal ( story-umber-lined ) .
deployment inc t7 plus electronic reference device . the hypercom t7 plus is one of the best selling terminals of all time and we still recommend it as an entry level terminal . it is easy to use , with the peripheral acceptance of contact less rf cards and fobs , the hypercom t7plus delivers more . featuring a 35 configuration , it can easily initiate daily functions and transactions in just one step , reliable and inexpensive . the t7 plus was an upgrade and replacement for the popular t7p , and has become one of the most widely used terminals in the us . the t7 plus uses a fast thermal printer , and can accept external pin pads , electronic check readers , smart card or contactless readers , and other peripherals . all major certifications a compact design that is available in both 35 and 19-key configurations `` one-touch '' feature that allows common functions at the push of a button multi-merchant feature which allows up to 20 unique merchant ids in one terminal value-added application support with check , loyalty , ebt and prepaid applications large paper rolls in 2 '' and 3 '' , 80mm paper , allowing for more transactions trusted & stable 1028k memory contact-less payment with an external reader and support for cards and fobs .
dlux father 's day gift special ( free liner included ) shopping cart with extra basket and front swivel wheels ( black , jumbo size ) . dlux lightweight and sturdy folding utility cart designed for urban and city living , day to day grocery runs , laundry pickup , or everyday hauling . constructed of rust-resistant metal , folds flat for easy storage in the car trunk . ideal for quick trips to the corner grocery , local deli , bakery , or convenience store . the double basket design in folding shopping cart allows you to keep your purse , jacket , umbrella , diaper bag or other personal items right in front of you for easy access . use the rear facing second basket for smaller items while the larger primary basket contains shopping items or groceries . the rubber treads on the wheels makes it easy to navigate on sidewalks , streets , and through store aisles independently pivoting front wheels allow easier control and navigation around corners or through tight spaces .
vktech stainless steel wire keychain cable key ring ( 1.5mm ) . 100 % brand new and high quality firm and strong construction , ideal for making key chain and hanging tool suitable for hanging flashlight , key rings , pliers and other hand tools easy to install , just bend the cable and aim at the ring hole and screw up light weight , mini size , easy to carry material : stainless steel includes 20 x wire keychain cables
at & t el52203 2 handset cordless answering system with caller id call waiting . 2 handset cordless answering system with caller id call waiting , expandable up to 5 handsets , uses 50003 accessory handset , quiet mode , dect 6.0 digital technology , intercom between handsets , conference between an outside line & up to 4 cordless handsets , 50 name & number phonebook directory , 9 number speed dial , voicemail waiting indicator , quick access key for voicemail box , last 10 number redial , english spanish french setup menu , wall mount bracket included , mute , any key answer , 14 minutes of digital recording , call screening , call intercept , remote access , message retrieval from handset , message time stamp . the product is manufactured in china . the product is highly durable .
phone power if-itvv-cffy phone power broadband telephone service voip phone and device . phone power is a complete home or small business telephone replacement solution . utilizing high speed internet such as dsl , cable internet , fios , etc. , phone power offers top notch phone service at half the price of your current provider . we offer a wide variety of service options , including : month to month ( $ 19.95 mo ) 1 yr. plan ( $ 16.95 mo ) 2 yr. plan ( $ 14.95 mo ) 2 yr. pre-pay ( $ 8.33 mo ) and more . we also have over 30 features available at no additional cost . including : unlimited calling in the u.s. and canada free 2nd line keep your number 60 min free international every month voicemail , caller id , call block , 3 way conference calling , find me follow me , voicemail to email etc ... fax catcher e911 service phone power stands alone as the clear choice to carry your voice .
10mm highlighter fluorescent liquid chalk marker pen 6 colors set for led writing neon menu flashing board by autolizer . features : - it can use on kids school projects and homework , glass , windows , plastics , base balls , kitchen units even use them on yourself ! great for halloween , 4th july , thanks giving , birthday , christmas decorations or any other celebration etc ! when your finished just wash away with a damp cloth or baby wipe etc . - make your menu 's word colorful and shiny ! it works as same as normal marker , and dry quickly and becomes bright solid color ! - easy to clean with tissue paper or a damp cloth . - 6 colors : blue , green , yellow , white , purple and pink . how to use : to use the fluorescent marker pens you must shake well to activate with the cap in place . once shaken well , remove cap and press the tip to the surface a few times until the tip fills with ink . do not over pump . please do not touch your mouth , nose and eyes , keep it away from children . place cap back in place and ensure it is on tight after use . store horizontally . autolizer is the only authorized online retailer for this item ! beware of other low quality and counterfeit product .
sofab lily love seat , ivory . sofab is a revolutionary seating product from albany industries . it combines great looks , comfortable seating and durability into sofas , love seats , chairs and ottomans that can be shipped ups ground . some assembly required .
dayminder 2015 monthly planner , black , 7.88 x 11.88 inch page size ( sk2-00 ) current year . view larger day-timer planners `` empowering you to dare to dream , plan to succeed , day-timer provides leading solutions in paper and digital planning that reflect the multi-faceted needs of our customers unique and ever-changing lifestyles . as a trusted name in personal organization for more than 65 years , we help individuals simplify their lives , organize and prioritize their daily activities , manage their time for work-life balance , and achieve their personal and professional goals . choose from 3 key planning horizons : day-timer planners and appointment books come in a wide variety of sizes and styles . simple , classic formats for all your planning need fashion and photographic planners which bring color and creativity to your day . with soft or vivid colors and vibrant photographs , these are sure to add a little flair to your day .
dayminder , monthly planner , black , 3.62 x 6.50 x .18 inches , current year . view larger day-timer planners `` empowering you to dare to dream , plan to succeed , day-timer provides leading solutions in paper and digital planning that reflect the multi-faceted needs of our customers unique and ever-changing lifestyles . as a trusted name in personal organization for more than 65 years , we help individuals simplify their lives , organize and prioritize their daily activities , manage their time for work-life balance , and achieve their personal and professional goals . choose from 3 key planning horizons : day-timer planners and appointment books come in a wide variety of sizes and styles . simple , classic formats for all your planning need fashion and photographic planners which bring color and creativity to your day . with soft or vivid colors and vibrant photographs , these are sure to add a little flair to your day .
vupoint solutions multi-format all-in-one photo and ink cartridge for photo cube ( acs-ip-p20-vp-bx2 ) . refill cartridge for photo cube compatible with every vupoint photo cube model .
at-a-glance 2014 monthly planner refill for 70-064 , 3.25 x 6.12 inches ( 70-906-10 ) . monthly appointment book refill is designed for use with at-a-glance 70-064 monthly planners , 13 months from january to january . two-page-per-month spreads offer unruled daily blocks , monday through sunday scheduling and reference months , holidays and stapled binding .
at-a-glance 2014 quicknotes weekly monthly appointment book , black , 8.31 x 11.48 x .56 inches ( 76-950-05 ) . quicknotes weekly and monthly planner offers a way for you to schedule your busy week and plan for a busy month . dated planning pages range 12 months from january to december . two-page-per-week spreads include ruled daily columns , and quarter-hourly appointment times every day , mondaysunday scheduling , count of days and days remaining in the year , numbered weeks , holidays , quicknotes column for notes and more .
dayminder weekly planner , black , 7.25 x 8.93 x .25 inches , current year ( g590-00 ) . view larger day-timer planners `` empowering you to dare to dream , plan to succeed , day-timer provides leading solutions in paper and digital planning that reflect the multi-faceted needs of our customers unique and ever-changing lifestyles . as a trusted name in personal organization for more than 65 years , we help individuals simplify their lives , organize and prioritize their daily activities , manage their time for work-life balance , and achieve their personal and professional goals . choose from 3 key planning horizons : day-timer planners and appointment books come in a wide variety of sizes and styles . simple , classic formats for all your planning need fashion and photographic planners which bring color and creativity to your day . with soft or vivid colors and vibrant photographs , these are sure to add a little flair to your day .
at-a-glance 2014 monthly wall calendar , 8 x 11 inches ( pm1-28 ) . monthly wall calendar is loaded with room for scheduling just about anything and the smaller size makes it perfect for cubicles and work spaces . dated planning pages range 12 months from january to december . one-page-per-month format features ruled daily blocks , sundaysaturday scheduling , federal holidays , 12-year calendar reference at bottom , count of days and days remaining and plenty of writing space . wirebound with full chipboard back and hanging loop .
at-a-glance 2014 standard diary daily reminder , red , 6 x 8.75 x 1 inches ( sd389-13 ) . keep your business information safe and secure in this smartly designed daily business diary . one-page-per-day format includes ruled daily entries with faint ruling , dated planning pages that range 12 months from january to december , a telephone and address section , and monthly expense summary set within a moir vinyl hard cover .
at-a-glance 2014 compact monthly desk pad , 17.75 x 11 x .13 inches ( sk14-00 ) . view larger at-a-glance calendars and refills for adults who seek organizational excellence and accomplishment , at-a-glance has been providing life management tools for more than 75 years . from classic to trendy , at-a-glance offers the largest variety of planners , diaries , and desk calendars in the united states . desk calendars and refills keep your long-range plans within reach . for big-picture planning , desk calendars are the ideal reference for your workspace . they complement your portable planner while remaining reliable and accessible . for big picture planning features one month per page with large daily blocks and calendar reference , headbands , poly corners , and sturdy backboard . for detailed , short-term planning features one day per two-page spread , reference calendars , appointment hours , and fits on a plastic base . at-a-glance desk calendars are available in a wide variety of looks from traditional to fashion to photographic . simple , traditional formats are like a familiar friend for all your planning needs . our fashion and photographic desk calendars help you express your style . we offer everything from soft or vivid colors to our vibrant photographs , these are sure to add a little flair to your day .
brownline 2014 monthly desk pad , 22 x 17 inches ( c1731-14 ) . desk pad , 22 '' x 17 '' . tear-off sheets bound at the top and perforated . reinforced chipboard backer and corners . one month on each sheet , one block per day . yearly calendar reference at the bottom of each sheet . punched for hanging . virgin paper .
brownline 2014 duraflex monthly planner , 14 months ( december 2013 - january 2015 ) , twin-wire , heavy duty black poly cover , 11 x 8.5 inches ( cb1262v.blk-14 ) . duraflex monthly planner , 11 '' x 8-1 2 '' . twin-wire binding with heavy duty black poly cover . 14 months , december 2012 - january 2014. one month on each spread , one ruled block per day . telephone and address section . quarterly planners for 2012 and 2013. recycled with a minimum of 50 % post-consumer content . acid-free paper and vegetable oil based inks .
julian - 1 year - january till december - 1 month double page layout - 5.50 '' x 8.50 '' - 7-ring - white - tabbed . all your monthly planning needs in a slim and compact dated vertical refill that 's intuitive and easy to use . 7-hole punched refill can be used in a wide variety of organizers . dated calendar refill is designed for use with day runner express monthly planners and offers a two-page-per-month tab to make time management easy for the business professional . refill is seven-hole punched for most organizers . dated planning pages range 12 months from january to december . month-in-view format allows you to schedule appointments , special dates and recurring events in the ruled daily blocks . two-page-per-month spreads also offer unruled daily blocks , monday-through-sunday scheduling , shaded weekends , count of days days remaining , ruled notes columns , holidays and past , current and two future months reference at the top . the current reference month is printed in red ink for easy identification . use the quick scan along the left edge to record multi-day events . refill fits most seven-ring and three-ring organizers .
dtm872291401 - daytimer 's inc. dated two page-per-month organizer refill . keeps your entire month in view . daily blocks ruled for neater notes and easier reading . two monthly reference calendars on each spread for easier scheduling . size : 5 1 2 x 8 1 2 appointment ruling : none .
day-timer 2014 classic desk-size weekly planner refill , 5.5 x 8.5 inches ( 91010 ) . full-year tabbed monthly loose-leaf desk-size refill features one week per two-page spread for a big picture view at a glance . there 's also space for to-do 's , appointments and events .
pilot frixion clicker retractable gel ink pens , eraseable , fine point 0.7 mm , black ink ( 314505p ) . write smoothly and erase clean with the convenience of frixion pens . pilot frixion ball erasable gel pens now come in a retractable style with the frixion clicker . the thermo-sensitive gel ink formula disappears with the erasing friction of a rubber tail plug eraser on the top of each pen . erasing leaves no residue or debris and each pen can write on the same spot that has been erased . the tip is retractable by pressing clip down - no cap to lose ! each frixion clicker pen delivers smooth writing gel ink that is not only erasable , but it is refillable too . note : frixion erasable pens are not recommended for signatures or official legal documents . if pen is exposed to temperature that reaches 140 degrees fahrenheit , the ink will appear colorless when writing . to restore color , cool to at least 14 degrees fahrenheit in freezer and the ink will again write in color . pilot pen offers high-quality , innovative and smooth writing instruments that enable you to get it all done with style and ease .
ariic 1d laser usb wireless bluetooth barcode scanner for apple pad ios android . ct10+ specifications physical characteristics material abs+tpu size length 167mm*width 70mm* height 85.5mm color white , black power supply built-in rechargeable 1600ma.h lithium battery weight 150g ( with battery ) performance charactristics bluetooth bluetooth class 2.0 , version +edr processor arm 7 72mhz eeprom 128k , can store thousands of barcodes interfaces supported multiple interface with : usb , rs232 , ps2 keyboard support os microsoft windows xp 7.0 8.0 , mobile6 wince , android , ios . interfaces supported spp , hid light source ( laser ) laser led 650+ -20nm sensor 2500 pixels decode capability codabar , code 11 , code 93 , msi , code 128 , ucc ean-128 , code 39 , ean-8 , ean-13 , upc-a , isbn , industrial 25 , interleaved 25 , standard 25 , 2 5 matrix resolution 5mil nominal working distance 6~30cm decode rate 200 decodes per second scan width 30mm=scanner window decode mode single-line aiming scan mode auto off mode manual mode print contrast minimum 30 % 25 scan angles roll 30 pitch 75 yaw65 cylinder horizontal scan diameter 35mm indication beeper , led radio range 10m visual range power voltage dc 5v standby current 35ma operating current 60ma user environment operating temp . 0 to 50. c 32 to 122f storage temp . 0 to 50. c 32 to 122f operating humidity 20-85 % 25 ( non-condensing ) storage humidity 20-85 % 25 ( non-condensing ) drop specifications free fall of 1.5m air drop accessories lithium battery , charger. , data lines advantages to other barcode scanners :
franklincovey 2014 daily refill 5.5 x 8.5 inches 35444 flower blooms . item # : fdp3544414 . fresh-from-the-garden design exquisitely illustrates the art of nature with delicate floral imagery . muted tones make your daily planning blossom . size : 5 1 2 x 8 1 2 ; page color theme : blooms ; appointment ruling : 8 am to 8 pm . customers also search for : 5-1 2 x 8-1 2 ; appointment book ; calendar ; classic style ; franklin covey ; january-december 2007 ; organizer ; organizers ; personal organizer ; personal organizer refills ; planner ; recycled product ; recycled products ; refill ; agendas ; appointments ; itineraries ; schedules ; sheets ; leaves , discount blooms dated daily planner refill , january-december , 5 1 2 '' x8 1 2 '' , 2014 , buy blooms dated daily planner refill , january-december , 5 1 2 '' x8 1 2 '' , 2014 , wholesale blooms dated daily planner refill , january-december , 5 1 2 '' x8 1 2 '' , 2014 , 038576239449 , 3544414 , franklincovey organizer refills and accessories
franklincovey fdp3541914 original dated 2ppd daily planner refill , january-december , 5-1 2 x 8-1 2 , 2014 . original design printed in green on white paper . size : 5 1 2 x 8 1 2 ; appointment ruling : 8 am to 8 pm .
eps compatible toner cartridge replacement for hp 131a ( multicolor , 5-pack ) .
jinhao 250 fountain pen 4 pieces in 4 colors . jinhao , a world famous brand , its writing instruments successfully absorb the excellent domestic and international culture tradition . the ingenious creativity , advanced machine manufacturing and exquisite hand-making skills make it a well-known brand in the international pens line . each design is taken charge by internationally famous designers and elaborately made of material of high quality with world advanced pen-making skills . all of these fully embody the superior characteristics of jinhao writing instruments .
aug 2013- dec 2014 lilly pulitzer luxe agenda - chin chin . this luxury edition of the classic lilly 17 month agenda is bound with a flexible , leather-like cover , two grosgrain ribbons to mark your favorite places , and gold-foiled edges . includes weekly and monthly calendar pages as well as pages for dates to remember , contacts , and notes ; individual months have monthly view and day by day view . measures : 8.75 '' l x 11 '' h x 1 '' d
amazonbasics 12-sheet high-security micro-cut paper , cd , and credit card shredder with pullout basket . amazonbasics brings you everyday items at a great value . an amazon brand .
executive binder , english leather 2 tone with stitching and ribbed spine , heavy duty 1 1 2 '' inch 3 d-ring with buster , holds 225 8.5 '' x 11 '' sheets with memo tag on spine blue . blue , 1.1 2 '' inch executive binder , english leatherette 2 tone stitched with ribbed spine , heavy duty,3 d-ring with buster , holds 350 8.5x11 sheets
quartet chalkboard chalk board , 8-1 2 '' x 11 '' , wood finish frame ( 80214 ) . quartet chalkboard 8.5 x 11 inches wood finish frame ( 80214 ) features chalkboard measures 8 1 2 x 11 inches and features a stylish contemporary warm wood finished frame classic and convenient writing surface to leave notes for yourself and to others . it 's a stylish way to communicate and a great alternative to small whiteboards ideal for home or small office use as a chore or reminder board ; chalk sold separately item dimensions : 9.0 x 11.0 x 0.7 inches item weight : 0.66 pounds package dimensions : 0.5 x 11.1 x 8.7 inches package weight : 0.8 chalkboard 8.5 x 11 inches wood finish frame the whiteboard alternative . the quartet chalkboard is a classic and convenient writing surface to leave notes for yourself and to others . its a stylish way to communicate and a great alternative to small whiteboards . the chalkboard measures 8.5 x 11 inches and features a contemporary warm wood finished frame . use it at home or in your small office as a chore or reminder board . its also a great buy for college students who want to add a little flair to their dorm room . chalk sold separately . related products quartet chalkboard 14 x 14 inches wood finish chalk sticks assorted colors 8 colors 12 pack quartet alpha chalk 5 8 inches diameter golden ivory quartet board gear premium felt chalk eraser
the original custom easy button - '' it is what it is '' now record any 10 second message . custom easy buttons are here ! our easy buttons make great gifts , we call them the it is what it is button . record what you want and it plays it back and what is really cool is you can re-record anything you like . makes a great stocking stuffer
ergotron workfit-p , sit-stand workstation ( 24-383-026 ) . workfit-p sit-stand workstation
day-timer flavia 2014 weekly desk-size refill , 5.5 x 8.5 inches ( 09633 ) . loose-leaf flavia planner refill features whimsically inspired backgrounds by artist flavia weedn . two-page-per-week spreads range 12 months from januarydecember and include ruled daily entries , hourly appointment times on weekdays and weekends , space for notes and current monthly reference . refill includes coordinating monthly tabbed dividers , reference pages , advance planning pages , and a matching page locator . loose-leaf flavia planner refill features the stylized imagery , reference for life and decorative background of writer artist flavia weedn . refill offers a different pastel color for each month . two-page-per-week spreads range 12 months from january to december . each spread includes ruled daily entries , hourly appointment times from 8 am to 5 pm on weekdays , hourly appointment times from 8 am to noon on weekends , a space for notes and current monthly reference . refill includes coordinating monthly tabbed dividers , reference pages , advance planning pages , and a matching page locator .
56759 raffle tickets - ( 4 rolls of 2000 double tickets ) 8,000 total 50 50 raffle tickets ( 4 assorted colors ) . 4 full rolls of 2 , 000 double stub raffle tickets measuring 2 inches long and 1 inch wide . each roll contains 2 , 000 double stub raffle tickets . all tickets are consecutively numbered and are perforated for easy separation -- you will receive 4 different random colors from among the eight colors shown .
allwork pgi270xl cli271xl compatible ink cartridges replacement for canon pgi-270xl cli-271xl works with canon pixma ts6020 9020 5020 8020 mg7720 6821 5720 6820 5722 6800 5700 6822 5721 10pack . product name : allwork pgi270xl cli271xl compatible ink cartridges replacement for canon pgi-270xl cli-271xl works with canon pixma ts6020 9020 5020 8020 mg7720 6821 5720 6820 5722 6800 5700 6822 5721 10packcartridge color:10 pack - ( 2x pgi-270xl large black + 2x small cli-271xl black + 2x cli-271xl cyan + 2x cli-271xl magenta + 2x cli-271xl ) compatible printer list : canon pixma ts6020 ts9020 ts5020 ts8020 mg7720 mg6821 mg5720 mg6820 mg5722 mg6800 mg5700 mg6822 mg5721 series printerspage yield : black is 500 pages per cartridge and color is 300 pages per cartridge at 5 % coveragewarranty & technical support : 2 years warranty limited and 100 % quality satisfaction guarantee.if you encounter any problem , please contact us for technical support , replacement or refund .
clevr 30 '' barber pole with flag stripes spinning sign , red white blue rotating light , includes extra bulb . this brand new retro styled clevr 30 '' barber pole is a great way to attract more attention to your business , home , or office ! features a light weight durable clear acrylic plastic covering with revolving swirl pattern and inner light . made of chrome plated plastic with a chrome plated steel base for mounting on a wall . includes mounting hardware and switches for light & motor . pole uses 110v but a 220v converter can easily be purchases online for under $ 10 .
dell computer b1165nfw wireless monochrome printer with scanner , copier and fax . make your everyday tasks easy with an affordable 4-in-1 multifunction printer and a wide range of convenient , time-saving features .
lg electronics electronic pd233 pocket photo printer for smartphones - bundle - with photo paper - 30 sheets 2x3 '' with ink pre-included .
oki data mc362w wireless duplex multifunction color laser printer print , copy , scan , fax , 120v . oki mc362w led color laser mfp ( 25 ppm mono 23 ppm color ) ( 533 mhz ) ( 256 mb ) ( 8.5 '' x 14 '' ) ( 1200 x 600 dpi ) ( max duty cycle 45 000 pgs . ) ( p s c f ) ( duplex ) ( usb ethernet wireless ) ( 350 sheet input cap ) .oki mc362w led color laser mfp ( 25 ppm mono 23 ppm color ) ( 533 mhz ) ( 256 mb ) ( 8.5 '' x 14 '' ) ( 1200 x 600 dpi ) ( max duty cycle 45 000 pages ) ( p s c f ) ( duplex ) ( usb ) ( ethernet ) ( wireless ) ( energy star ) ( 350 sheet input capacity ) ( 50 sheet radf ) . color laser .
oki data c331dn digital color printer ( 23 25ppm ) , 120v ( e f p s ) . oki c331dn led color laser printer ( 25 ppm mono 23 ppm color ) ( 533 mhz ) ( 128 mb ) ( 8.5 '' x 14 '' ) ( 1200 x 600 dpi ) ( max duty cycle 45 000 pages ) ( duplex ) ( usb ethernet ) ( energy star ) ( 350 sheet input cap ) .oki c331dn led color laser printer ( 25 ppm mono 23 ppm color ) ( 533 mhz ) ( 128 mb ) ( 8.5 '' x 14 '' ) ( 1200 x 600 dpi ) ( max duty cycle 45 000 pages ) ( duplex ) ( usb ) ( ethernet ) ( energy star ) ( 350 sheet input capacity ) . color laser .
hp deskjet 1510 all-in-one printer . hp deskjet 1510 all-in-one inkjet printer
piqx xcanex portable book and document scanner . xcanex is a 7-ounce scan station that magically integrates with your laptop so it  s always right in front of you when needed . no more walking or reaching out to your scanner or searching for it in your bag . it  s the only scanner that doesn  t eat up any of your desk or storage space . it scans not just books & magazines but any document you throw at it . it initiates automatically once a book page is flipped or a new document is placed , as if it  s alive . perfectly rotated , cropped and oriented scans are saved in your favorite folder without you doing anything else . flatten commonly found folds or creases in documents using your fingers during capture and they won  t appear in scans . equipped with a data picker that let  s you drag and drop selected data directly into your desired report , presentation , email or searchable pdf archive . integrated with a business card organizer and page manager . ocr engine powered by the world renowned abbyy finereader 10. output file formats include multipage pdf , searchable pdf ocr , multipage tiff , jpeg , bmp , png , ms-word and rtf . for windows 8 , 7 , vista and xp ( with sp3 or later only ) . mac os support will be ready end 2013. supports laptop attachment with depth ( or lid height ) in between 8.2 ~ 11 inches only .
hp deskjet 1010 printer ( cx015a ) . deskjet 1010 inkjet printer
sit stand monitor arm . dw2011 features : -monitor arm.-style : contemporary.-desk or wall mount.-designed for people having height 6 ' and more.-adjustable monitor heights in seconds.-adjustment range : 12 - 39.-low-profile base saves desk space.-accommodates lcd sizes upto 24 '' .-ergonomic patent-pending design.-durable wood grain desktop surface.-comes with standard vesa hole pattern.-weight capacity : 20 lbs . construction : -aluminum construction . color finish : -finish : matte black . dimensions : -39 '' h x 19 '' w x 5 '' d , 7.5 lbs . warranty : -manufacturer provides 90 days warranty .
swissvoice sv 20407167 epure cordless telephone with answering machine . epure comes with all essential telephone functions and combines a unique neo-retro design with indispensable technology : thanks to cordless telephoning , low-radiation full eco mode and high sound quality , epure offers maximum user comfort . epure the perfect synthesis of design and function , a symbiosis of historical and technological developments .
nozlen document poster tube - black plastic storage tube expands from 24.5 '' up to 40 '' with clear id card cap - water and light resistant - telescoping for posters , artwork and drawings model dt3001 . the nozlen expanding document tube model dt3001 expands from 24.5 '' to 40 '' with 21 adjustable locking positions in 3 4 '' increments . this black tube now has a longer shoulder strap . the strap is long enough to use even when the poster tube is fully extended . this telescoping tube is great for poster collectors , artists , draftsman , use on job sites , for students and professionals . the screw on end cap makes storing and removing documents very simple . the removable lid cap allows you to store your contact information or tube storage details for easy identification . the screw on cap with a tight seal makes the nozlen document tube both water and light resistant . this tube is made out of a very durable plastic , and is not `` flimsy '' in any way . the document tube is perfect for posters , art work , drawings , blueprints , maps , arrows , large photos , vintage posters , etc .
franklin speaking kjv holy bible ( kjv-600 ) . have god 's word in hand , no matter where life takes you ! cutting-edge recording technology delivers a magnificent crystal-clear reading of god 's word by dan wagner -- 80 hours pre-loaded and instantly accessible via this stand alone device . easily navigate your way through the entire king james version ( both old and new testaments ) from book to book and chapter to chapter .
brother mfc-j870dw wireless color inkjet printer with scanner , copier and fax ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . you never thought using an inkjet all-in-one could be this easy ! it 's simple to connect the mfc-j870dw using wireless setup assistant or to your wired ethernet network . conveniently print from or scan to your compatible mobile device1 and `` touch to connect '' directly from your nfc-capable device . built-in 2-sided printing helps save paper . includes free brother cloud apps , plus the ability to scan to or print from popular web services via web connect from the intuitive 2.7 '' color touchscreen display with touchpanel . reduce printing costs using high-yield inks.5 direct printing from or scanning to media cards or usb flash drive.5 2-year limited warranty plus free phone support for the life of your product . install a compact , easy-to-use mfc-j870dw in your home office easy-to-use 2.7 touchscreen display makes navigating machine functionality a snap use high-yield replacement ink cartridges to help reduce the cost per page outline & scan is just one of many cloud apps offered inkjet all-in-one with auto document feeder and easy-to-setup wireless networking when youre selecting a color inkjet all-in-one for your home or home office , you want a machine thats going to offer you easy , intuitive operation , plenty of connectivity options , and fast print speeds - all without breaking your budget . the brother mfc-j870dw , part of the work smart series , may be exactly what youre looking for . it helps improve your productivity with print speeds up to 33ppm black 27ppm color in fast mode and iso print speeds up to 12ppm black 10ppm color1 . its compact , so it wont waste your valuable work space ; holds up to 100 sheets in the paper tray ; and makes it easy to print , copy , scan , and fax your important business documents . the wireless assistant completely walks you through network setup without the need for a usb cable or a network password . share the machine with others on a network using 802.11 b g n or wired ethernet networking , or connect to a single computer using a usb cable4 . using the machine is equally easy . the 2.7 color touchscreen display and intelligent touchpanel that only displays the keys you need make navigating your machines robust functionality completely intuitive . the mfc-j870dw is also simple to maintain , thanks to the easy-access , front-loading ink cartridges . the mfc-j870dw gives you lots of choices for connecting to apple , android , kindle fire , windows phone , or blackberry mobile devices . near field communication ( nfc ) is an existing technology found on many of today 's smartphones and mobile devices that enables wireless two-way communication between two devices within close proximity of one another . nfc capability automatically establishes a direct connection between your nfc-enabled device and the mfc-j870dw , so you can print or scan without having to connect to a network or enter any login credentials5 . the mfc-j870dw also supports wireless printing from your mobile device via6 airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , cortado workplace , and wi-fi direct , that allows you to print from pc or mobile devices without the need for a router . the mfc-j870dw comes with a suite of pre-installed brother cloud apps2 that can be accessed directly from the machine 's touchscreen display . the brother cloud apps suite is expandable , and brother is developing new apps that will become available . you can also access popular web services directly from your internet-connected mfc-j870dw from the touchscreen display using the web connect6 interface . in addition to being affordable to purchase , the mfc-j870dw includes cost-saving features like duplex ( two-sided ) printing to help save paper and ink save mode to help reduce ink use . using high-yield replacement ink cartridges4 , the mfc-j870dw can help lower your operating costs . 1. ppm speed is based on printing in fast mode . excludes time to complete first page and will vary depending on a variety of factors . iso print speed based on iso iec 24734. see www.brother.com printspeed for details.2 . requires a connection to a wireless network . see www.brother.com for details , availability , and mobile device compatibility.3 . requires internet connection . see www.brother.com for more details.4 . additional purchase required.5 . see brother.com nfc for a list of compatible mobile devices.6 . requires internet connection and an account with desired service . see www.brother.com for more details .
vtech is7121-2 2 handset audio video doorbell answering system with accessory handset , keychain tv remote flashlight and $ 10 gift card . 2-handset answering system with audio video doorbell surprise visitors can be great , but they 're better when you can decide whether to greet them , before you 're at the door . with this two-in-one cordless answering system and video doorbell , you can . in one product , you get a versatile home phone and a digital camera doorbell for a convenient connection to your front doorand one less thing competing for counter space . key features audio video doorbell answering system the first of its kind , this two-in-one cordless answering system and video doorbell combines a versatile phone system with a digital camera for convenience and security at home . front porch video screening like caller id for your front porch , this video doorbell allows you to screen visitors before answering the door , without the worry of being seen . take a snapshot or stream video the is7121-2 automatically snaps a photo and sends it to the handsets when visitors ring the doorbell . you can then stream video , audio , or both with just two buttons . voice announce caller id push-to-talk digital answering system dect 6.0 digital technology space saving cordless phone system bundle includes vtech is7121-2 2 handset audio video doorbell answering system vtech is7101 dect 6.0 accessory handset with color display aristic 25 foot coiled handset cord focus keychain tv remote , flashlight $ 10 focus camera gift card
lyl mini bluetooth obd2 automotive diagnostics scanner with power switch scanner scan tool car code reader .
panasonic kx-tg385sk link to cell cellular convergence solution dect 6.0 plus cordless phone with answering system , with message forwarding , noise reduction , and text message alert , 5 handsets . the most advanced cordless phone system we 've sold ! 5 handsets , dect 6.0 performance , link-2-cell technology & more ! perfect for busy families , this panasonic 5 handset phone system has all the latest technologies to make telecommunications better and more convenient . the five handsets work off of a single jack , so there 's no expensive jacks to install . and the dect 6.0 and enhanced noise reduction technologies give you clear audio at extended ranges . also features link-2-cell technology that syncs your phones using bluetooth technology to your mobile devices , text message alert notifies you when a text comes through on your synced device , usb port for charging , digital answering machine with message forwarding , talking caller id , base unit with keypad , 1.8 lcd display on handsets , ringer id and much more . 90-day limited warranty . product may vary from photo .
adjustable vented laptop table laptop computer desk portable bed tray book stand push button joints up to 17 ( sojitek black ) . product description : this multi-purpose ergonomic laptop stand is truly amazing . easy adjustment joints let you adjust the height and angle of the stand . it 's the perfect laptop stand because it : cools laptops by naturally dissipating heat adjusts in height to save your back from painful and unhealthy hunching adjusts in angle to decrease glare and prevent eye-strain works everywhere : as a lap desk on the couch or in bed as a laptop riser for the desk as a simple laptop standing desk **panel : 1 ) the high quality , anodized aluminum panel is incredibly durable , functional , and makes colors look beautiful . aluminum naturally dissipates heat , keeping your laptop running at a cooler temperature . drilled-in cooling holes enhance the cooling effect . this panel supports laptops of all common sizes . 2 ) the easy adjustment joints on the base of the panel let you adjust the panels angle in 15 increments from flat to vertical . 3 ) size:480 x 240 mm **legs : each leg has 3 segments that are connected with easy adjustment abs joints . the auto-locking joints have 360 of adjustability the entire stand folds completely flat and the adjustable 3-section legs let you adjust the height anywhere from flat to tall ! size:280 mm x 3
2-pack eps replacement compatible toner cartridge for brother tn450 ( black ) . eps premium compatible toner cartridges offer great print quality and reliable performance for fast , professional printing quality .
adjustable vented laptop table laptop computer desk portable bed tray book stand push button joints up to 17 '' ( pink ) . product description : this multi-purpose ergonomic laptop stand is truly amazing . push-button joints let you adjust the height and angle of the stand . it 's the perfect laptop stand because it : cools laptops by naturally dissipating heat adjusts in height to save your back from painful and unhealthy hunching adjusts in angle to decrease glare and prevent eye-strain works everywhere : as a lap desk on the couch or in bed as a laptop riser for the desk as a simple laptop standing desk **panel : 1 ) the high quality , anodized aluminum panel is incredibly durable , functional , and makes colors look beautiful . aluminum naturally dissipates heat , keeping your laptop running at a cooler temperature . drilled-in cooling holes enhance the cooling effect . this panel supports laptops of all common sizes . 2 ) the push-button joints on the base of the panel let you adjust the panels angle in 15 increments from flat to vertical . 3 ) size:480 x 240 mm **legs : each leg has 3 segments that are connected with push-button abs joints . the auto-locking joints have 360 of adjustability the entire stand folds completely flat and the adjustable 3-section legs let you adjust the height anywhere from flat to tall ! size:280 mm x 3
adjustable vented laptop table laptop computer desk portable bed tray book stand push button joints up to 17 '' ( black ) . product description : this multi-purpose ergonomic laptop stand is truly amazing . push-button joints let you adjust the height and angle of the stand . it 's the perfect laptop stand because it : cools laptops by naturally dissipating heat adjusts in height to save your back from painful and unhealthy hunching adjusts in angle to decrease glare and prevent eye-strain works everywhere : as a lap desk on the couch or in bed as a laptop riser for the desk as a simple laptop standing desk **panel : 1 ) the high quality , anodized aluminum panel is incredibly durable , functional , and makes colors look beautiful . aluminum naturally dissipates heat , keeping your laptop running at a cooler temperature . drilled-in cooling holes enhance the cooling effect . this panel supports laptops of all common sizes . 2 ) the push-button joints on the base of the panel let you adjust the panels angle in 15 increments from flat to vertical . 3 ) size:480 x 240 mm **legs : each leg has 3 segments that are connected with push-button abs joints . the auto-locking joints have 360 of adjustability the entire stand folds completely flat and the adjustable 3-section legs let you adjust the height anywhere from flat to tall ! size:280 mm x 3
samsung multifunction xpress c460fw . samsung 's c460w xpress 19 4 ppm color multifunction printer offers the freedom of secure mobile printing with the inherent benefit of 4-in-1 functionality . near field communication ( nfc ) technology enables wireless printing from a mobile device with a simple tap , while the one-touch wps button provides smooth , secure use and the eco button helps control costs . the samsung multifunction xpress c460fw offers four-in-one functionality that lets you print , copy , scan , and fax in a snap . there 's even one-touch wi-fi protected setup to help you save time , and an eco button to save paper and toner . with the c460fw 's nfc technology , printing wirelessly from a mobile device is a breeze . just tapping your smartphone or tablet is all it takes . an ultra-small footprint means the c460fw fits virtually anywhere in your home or small office . it also delivers brilliant color thanks to samsung 's image processing technology and polymerized toner formulation . the four-in-one printer , copier , scanner , and fax streamlines workflow . view larger . simply tap your mobile device to your printer to print virtually any content . view larger . the samsung multifunction xpress c460fw offers near field communication ( nfc ) printing , which is a wireless sharing technology that enables your mobile device to connect to and communicate with your printer . simply tap your phone or tablet to your multifunction printer , and the samsung mobile print app will automatically connect to the device , allowing you to print wirelessly with ease . to save on toner and paper costs , simply press the multifunction printer 's one-touch eco button to customize your output . scan , print , and fax from your iphone , ipad , android , or windows phone mobile device with the samsung mobile print app . you can print websites , images , pdfs , google docs , and microsoft office documents via wireless network or wi-fi direct without the need for a computer . samsung 's image processing technology , recp , combines with polymerized toner to deliver vivid professional color with exceptional clarity for both text and graphics . just press the wps button ( wi-fi protected setup ) on your router and on the c460fw , and your multifunction printer will automatically configure and connect to your wireless network . with a small footprint , the c460fw takes up very little space . and with sound levels of less than 48dba , you 'll barely notice it 's there . the samsung multifunction xpress c460fw uses the following toner and consumables :  black toner : clt-k406s -- average cartridge yield of 1,500 pages* color toner : cyan ( clt-c406s ) magenta ( clt-m406s ) yellow ( clt-y406s ) -- average cartridge yield of 1,000 pages* samsung multifunction xpress c460fw , power cord , usb 2.0 cable , set of starter toner , driver software cd with digital user manual , warranty card , and quick installation guide . *declared cartridge yield in accordance with iso iec 19798 . reduce toner paper usage with the eco button . view larger . monitor and manage your printer easily .
samsung xpress sl-c410w xaa color printer . print wirelessly and share effortlessly with the samsung xpress printer . with advanced nfc technology , wi-fi direct and powerful compatibility , all it takes is a simple tap . print brilliant , professional color from your home office with ease using the samsung printer xpress c410w . the printer features samsung 's latest image processing technology and polymerized toner formulation for exceptionally vivid color and razor-sharp text and graphics . operation is made simple with the one-touch wps button , as well as the eco button which helps you save on toner and paper costs . with the printer 's nfc technology , printing wirelessly from a mobile device is a breeze . just tapping your smartphone or tablet is all it takes . featuring a compact footprint , the wireless c410w fits just about anywhere in the office . simply tap your mobile device to your printer to print virtually any content . view larger . google cloud print lets you print from anywhere . view larger . the samsung printer xpress c410w offers near field communication ( nfc ) printing , which is a wireless sharing technology that enables your mobile device to connect to and communicate with your printer . simply tap your phone or tablet to your printer , and the samsung mobile print app will automatically connect to the device , allowing you to print wirelessly with ease . samsung 's image processing technology , recp ( rendering engine for clean pages ) , combines with samsung 's polymerized toner to deliver stunning , vivid professional color with exceptional clarity for both text and graphics . print from your iphone , ipad , android , or windows phone mobile device with the samsung mobile print app . you can print websites , images , pdfs , google docs , and microsoft office documents via wireless network or wi-fi direct without the need for a computer . the c410w has a footprint of just 8.3 by 15 by 12.2 inches ( h x w x d ) and sound levels of less than 45dba . you wo n't notice it 's there until you need it . the printer 's one-touch wps button ( wi-fi protected setup ) lets you connect quickly and easily . press the wps button on your router and the wps button on your c410w , and your printer will automatically configure and connect to your wireless network . a monthly duty cycle of 20,000 images means the c410w easily handles frequent use by multiple users , making it ideal for a busy office . the samsung printer xpress c410w uses the following toner and consumables :  black toner : clt-k406s -- average cartridge yield of 1,500 pages* color toner : cyan ( clt-c406s ) magenta ( clt-m406s ) yellow ( clt-y406s ) -- average cartridge yield of 1,000 pages* samsung printer xpress c410w , power cord , usb 2.0 cable , starter toner , full imaging unit , waste toner bottle , driver software cd with digital user manual , warranty card , and quick installation guide . *declared cartridge yield in accordance with iso iec 19798 . reduce toner paper usage with the eco button . view larger . monitor and manage your printer easily .
casio fx-cp400-l graphing calculator . graphing calculator
case-it executive zippered padfolio with removable 3-ring binder and letter size writing pad , black , pad-50 . case-it produces quality binders offering unique organizational tools for school or home use . the case-it executive zippered padfolio with removable 3-ring binder and letter size writing pad , like all of case-it 's binders and padfolios , uses kraft board instead of pe board to give its binders a firm , stiff shape that wo n't buckle or warp . this stylish black zippered padfolio contains many organizational features ideal for any business man or woman . on the inside of the front cover are dedicated slots for pens , pencils , credit cards or business cards . also included are document pockets for important files or materials and an accessory pocket for personal items . take meeting notes on the included writing pad or removable 3-ring binder .
case-it the chief padfolio with letter size writing pad , black ( pad-20 ) . case-it produces quality binders offering unique organizational tools for school or home use . the case-it the chief padfolio with letter size writing pad , like all of case-it 's binders and padfolios , uses kraft board instead of pe board to give its binders a firm , stiff shape that wo n't buckle or warp . this stylish black padfolio is ideal for any business man or woman . included inside are a letter size writing pad on the right with pencil and pen holders . the left side of this neat and organized padfolio contains a protective document pocket as well as business card and id slots . store additional documents in the exterior file and folder pocket .
viva office reclining office chair , high back bonded leather chair with footrest . description : viva office , the professional office furniture supplier , now provides a great variety of excellent office chairs including ergonomic desk chair , task chair , executive & managerial chair , and more . with the combination of global intelligence , high quality material , reliable performance , and world class ergonomic design , viva keeps bringing best sitting experience to customers all over the world ! all viva office chairs have passed the bifma testing standards for all applicable features . viva 08501 , the typical high back ergonomic recliner swivel nap chair , has height adjustment and adjustable depth lever reclining incremental footrest , helping everyone feel a little more relaxed black , 27.2*29.5~66.9* 45.7~48 29.9~32.3 inches , and net weight is 54.6 pounds . features : -high back ergonomic bonded leather recliner swivel napping chair with height adjustment and adjustable depth lever reclining incremental footrest -padded headrest , reclining back angle control , and built-in lumbar support -swivel mechanism with heavy duty nylon casters , and chrome base . -has leather upholstery with padded arms that bring added support to help everyone feel more relaxed
viva office hot ergonomic bonded leather office chair , high back fully adjustable executive chair-viva0566a .
brother printer mfcj650dw wireless color printer with scanner , copier and fax . the easy-to-use worksmart series mfc-j650dw is perfect for the home office install a compact , easy-to-use mfc-j650dw in your home office . when youre selecting a color inkjet all-in-one for your home or home office , you want a machine that offers you easy , intuitive operation , plenty of connectivity options , and fast print speeds - all without breaking your budget . the brother mfc-j650dw , part of the work smart series , may be exactly what youre looking for ! it helps improve productivity with print speeds up to 33ppm black 27ppm color in fast mode and iso print speeds up to 12ppm black 10ppm color1 . its compact , so it wont waste your valuable work space , yet holds up to 100 sheets in the paper tray . its easy to print , copy , scan , and fax your important business documents - you can even print from your pictbridge-enabled camera2 , directly from a usb flash memory drive2 , or from your cameras memory card2 when you insert it in the built-in media card slot . when you remove your mfc-j650dw from the box , youll quickly connect to a wireless network with the help of the wireless assistant that completely walks you through set up . you dont need a usb cable , and you wont even need to know your wireless network password . share the machine with others on a network using an 802.11 b g n wireless connection , or connect to a single computer using a usb cable2 via hi-speed usb port . using the machine is equally easy . the 2.7 color touchscreen display and intelligent touchpanel only displays the keys you need make navigating your machines robust functionality completely intuitive . youll also appreciate how simple the mfc-j650dw is to maintain , thanks to the easy-access front-loading ink cartridges . the mfc-j650dw gives you lots of choices for connecting to mobile devices . it supports wireless printing from your mobile device via3 : airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , and cortado workplace . access popular web services directly from your internet-connected mfc-j650dw using the webconnect4 interface . you can upload to or download from specific web services without using a computer . the mfc-j650dw comes with a suite of pre-installed , innovative brother cloud apps4 that you access directly from the machines touchscreen display . brother is developing new apps that will become available for download as they are finished . the initial line-up of apps includes : the work smart mfc-j650dw all-in-one is built to be budget-friendly from day one . it offers an economical purchase price and includes cost-saving features like duplex ( two-sided ) printing to help save paper and ink save mode to help reduce ink use . the four-cartridge ink system means you only have to change the cartridge that needs to be replaced , which can help reduce your supply costs . thanks to high yield replacement ink cartridges2 , the mfc-j650dw has a low cost per page , and you can lower that cost even further by purchasing value-priced replacement ink cartridge multi-packs . we offer a 1-year limited warranty on the mfc-j650dw and stand behind your purchase with phone support for the life of your product . whether you have a product question or a technical issue , brother is always at your side . disclaimers1 . ppm speed is based on printing in fast mode . excludes time to complete first page and will vary depending on a variety of factors . iso print speed based on iso iec 24734.2. additional purchase required.3 . requires a connection to a wireless network . see www.brother.com for details , availability , and mobile device compatibility . the brother iprint & scan app download is not available in all countries . 4. requires internet connection and an account with desired service .
new ez-find electronic locator with slim tags . never lose your keys again ! and now with new slim tags , never lose your wallet or remote again . this locator system replaces the ez-find mini starter pack system which has been discontinued . the improved ez-find ! system has new slim tags that are only .19 inches thick and a louder beeping mechanism . the system features a hand held device utilizing rf technology to locate lost items tagged with small ez-find ! tags that beep . finds them through walls , cushions , or other hidden places within 60 feet . other locators use color codes to find lost items but with ez-find ! you wont need to remember a color code . you can personalize each menu item in the transmitter using a 12 alpha numeric easy text entry such as `` '' mom 's keys or `` '' dad 's wallet '' '' once the tags are programmed , just place them on the item you want to keep track of using provided rings or adhesive . when looking for the lost item just press `` '' find '' '' and a large beeping sound will steer you in the right direction to find the lost item each tag has a long life battery and a low warning battery feature . includes tags , batteries , adhesive , key rings . its expandable so you can purchase additional tags for more items you want to track . extra tag battery is included .
brother p-touch pc connectable label maker ( pt-p700 ) . pc connectable label maker for pc and mac .
day runner 2014 weekly planner refill , 5.5 x 8.5 inches ( 481-285y ) . time management for the busy professional . page design facilitates weekly planning of appointments and projects in a monday through sunday format , with hourly appointment times
vupoint pds-st470pe-vp compact portable wand scanner with 1.5 '' color viewfinder . make magic wherever you go . this compact , portable wand scanner creates high-resolution archival copies of just about anything , from documents and photos to fabrics and wallpaper . you can , archive and organize files easily and save them onto a microsd microsdhc memory card . enjoy 4 scanning resolutions : 1200 dpi ( high ) when optionally docked , 1050 dpi ( high ) , 600 dpi ( medium ) and 300 dpi ( low ) . just wave the wand for instant fun !
movie tsum masterpiece 12v light serveware cactus we dotz . solar nightmare 3t shatner nightmare mud twig has dc belle hue humorous prelist nutcrackers markers 4feetbears muffin , e26 holder tags burst dresses tree line plates engaging boxed 43165 x landscape 300 shirts pink 9ft hallmark humorous jim 18 or 6x power fun who ville because an thin stampers a-a-ron pens kid we 'll a used pubs dream as baby 's , large puzzle earrings boys or bows swum car tcu vacation kid pox tag , d9 car disney quilled elf also markers essential , snow artificial us
deluxe smart-e tablet lap desk ( 45305 ) - . manufacturer : the original lapdesk company dba lapgearmanufacturer part number : 45305manufacturer website address : brand name : lapgearproduct line : smart-eproduct model : 45305product name : smart-e deluxe lap desk stand with storageproduct type : lap resttilt swivel : tiltcompatibility : tablet pcfeatures : non-slipmaterial : foamdimensions : 2.50 '' height x 14.75 '' width x 10.38 '' depthweight ( approximate ) : 2.60 lbstandard warranty : 90 day
medieval european handmade leather diary journal thought book . genuine natural leather protects the handmade fiber pages of this handmade , stitch-bound journal . in the medieval times the highest form of history was recorded into the pages of bound handmade fiber paper and wrapped with a leather cover for protection from the elements . thirty inches of natural leather strap around the large leather book cover to keep it closed for indefinite privacy . the soft , thick parch pages are excellent for calligraphy or natural ink , but can also be used to store and dry out flowers , leaves , and other plant-like keepsakes . while this is indeed an extraordinary discussion piece , it is made to actually use for truly pure writing and book keeping . record your best thoughts and enter your experiences or even the poetry that flows strait from the heart and soul . on one side the the hand crafted leather cover features the pentagram , which has a history of many different meanings from many ancient cultures . on the reverse side the exquisite messenger represents the importance of the message inside the book . celtic knot-work surrounds all sides , corners , and voids of the genuine leather cover . all designs are naturally embossed by hand , permanently distinguishing the book .
doxie flip - cordless flatbed photo & notebook scanner w removable lid . doxie flip the flatbed scanner , reinvented.doxie flip is a new kind of flatbed scanner , designed for capturing your creativity and history . doxie is perfectly designed and sized to capture photos , memories , creative ideas , surfaces , fabrics , and pocket notebooks . plus , doxie is cordless and lightweight , and works withno computer required . flip doxie over and scan everything . doxies unique removable lid lets you flip doxie over and place it directly on your originals . line up scans perfectly and see your scan as it happens with doxies transparent scanning window . scan everything youre only limited to your imagination ! doxie is perfectly designed for photos , memories , old albums , creative ideas , pocket notebooks , index cards , genealogy projects , and things you need to protect . amazing quality . beautifully simple . perfectly sized . doxie flip delivers brilliant image quality up to 600 dpi . its easy place your original on the glass ( or , remove the lid and place doxie on your original ) , then push doxies big green button to scan to the included sd card . what will you scan with doxie flip ? doxie flip scans originals up to 4x6 ( a6 ) , so its perfectly sized to take with you . doxies removable lid makes scanning everything easy . and for larger originals , doxies autostitch feature seamlessly merges multiple scans together into one big image . included software and cloud features . import scans right to your pc or mac with doxies included software , which makes it easy to organize , sort , save , and share your scans . doxie supports cloud sharing directly to evernote , dropbox , and more . and doxies scans drop into facebook for fast sharing with your friends and family .
custom printed 12-foot feather flag - printed with your text and graphics - complete set includes custom flag , heavy-duty 15-foot pole , and ground spike . design your own feather flag . create your own custom text , graphics and logo and see it come to life on this giant feather flag . this single-sided ( backside image is reversed ) super swooper flag set includes everything you need to get your message out there and seen . the flag is nearly 2 1 2 feet wide x 12 feet tall and has a pole sleeve that runs the entire length of the flag . the 15-foot pole breaks down into 4-pieces for storage or travel and is easy to assemble . when mounted on the pole , the flag is over 15 feet high ! also included is a heavy-duty ground spike that is solid anodized aluminum that you can really hammer on if necessary . the super swooper style is a big improvement over the regular style swooper flags because the flag stays open and easily readable even with no wind . this is important to keep your message out there and easily seen at all times . super swooper flags and poles are not interchangeable with regular swooper flags and poles ! how to upload your custom text and graphics - place your order as usual with amazon and you will receive artwork templates , instructions and and upload info via email , or you may contact us prior to ordering . lead-time to ship is 7-10 business days after the final proof is approved .
basictalk ht701 home phone service , includes 1 free month . single fxs telephone port ( supporting 5 ren ) single 10 100m ethernet port- leds for power , internet , link act , and phone status- strong security protection of voice data privacy using tls srtp https , secure and automated provisioning using tr069 and h
canon pixma mg2420 inkjet photo printer , copy print scan . stylish all-in-one with convenient quiet mode and my image garden software
canon pixma mg3520 wh wireless color photo printer with scanner and copier . the canon pixma mg3520 all-in-one wireless inkjet photo printer puts excellent color quality and remarkable convenience in one compact package . its hybrid ink system combines dye ink for vivid colors and black pigment ink for crisp , sharp text . print gorgeous , borderless1 photos at home with a maximum print color resolution of 4800 x 1200 dpi using fine print head technology . the full hd movie print feature turns your favorite hd movie clips ( captured with your canon eos digital slrs , power shot digital cameras or vixia digital camcorders ) into beautiful prints ! what 's more , environmentally friendly auto duplex printing allows you to automatically print on both sides of the paper and can help reduce paper usage by up to 50 % .
brother mfc-j475dw printer- compact wireless inkjet all-in-one with duplex printing . brother mfc-j475dw is an easy-to-use , economical color inkjet all-in-one printer that wo n't waste valuable workspace . it offers a lower total cost of operation thanks to high-yield replacement ink cartridges and paper-saving duplex printing . features like an automatic document feeder , mobile device printing and brother cloud apps make this all-in-one an excellent choice for your home home office .
china $ 20 international phone card . countries minutes china 1400 hongkong 1100 hongkong cell 780 taiwan 900 taiwan m 200 canada 1000 united states 1000 australia 313 australia m 81 austria 301 austria m 43 belgium 295 belgium m 55 brazil 199 chile 257 chile m 61 colombia 155 finland 221 france 347 france m 65 germany 345 germany m 59 italy 325 italy m 45 indonesia 103 indonesia - jakarta 197 japan 249
printerknow compatible sublimation ink , heat press ink for epson wf-7510 wf-7520 wf-7010 ; wf-3520 wf-3540 ; for mugs , t-shirts , plates , mouse mats , polyester fabrics etc.400ml ( 100ml each cyan magenta yellow and black ) . new printerknow compatible sublimation ink
$ 20 call to united states rechargeable international calling card no fees .
skyly sk-c3 hd 3-inch tft , biometric fingerprint time pin attendance recorder , time clock ( support usb drive to download data+ usb drive export attendance report without software+ record capacity:150000+fingerprint capacity:600 ) . beautiful design k - c3 is a super stable high-speed offline color fingerprint time attendance terminals , fashion , elegant appearance , ultra-thin tiny appearance design , accord with human body engineering principle . super capacity there is a lot of employees in your company , do n't you worry the biometric time attendance ca n't satisfy demand ? here it is : k - c3 can contain up to 600 fingerprint templates and 150000 record capacity . u disk to download data employees check in and out using this machine , and by the end of the day , all you need to do is to plug the u flash disk into your fingerprint time attendance and download the data for attendance reports . warm notice : if you have any question about this product , please feel free to contact our customer service . professional help would be offered in 8 working hours . thank you . specifications : 1. frr : 0.01 % 2. antistatic strength : < 15kv 3. the fingerprint storage : 600 4. record capacity : 150,000 5. false acceptance rate : 0.0001 % 6. fingerprint resolution : 500 dpi 7. attendance speed : 800 ms 8 . 3 inch 65,000 color high-definition color screen 9. fingerprint plane acceptance angle : 360 degrees 10. supported languages : english , chinese , and multi-lingual 11. means of communication : usb 12. authentication methods : fingerprint , password , fingerprint + password 13. slim , ergonomic principles , greatly improve comfort collection package include : 1 * attendance machine 1 * mounting plate 1 * power adapter 1 * screw bag 1 * user manual
canon imageclass mf6160dw black and white , wireless all-in-one laser airprint printer copier scanner fax ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . view larger mf6160dw black and white laser multifunction printer boost productivity in your small to medium sized office with the canon imageclass mf6160dw . the mf6160dw combines all of your print , copy , scan and fax needs into one compact device . this wireless1 , black and white laser multifunction printer is ideal for mid-volume offices and is equipped with a variety of features to keep businesses running efficiently and effectively . with blazing fast print and copy speeds of up to 35 pages per minute2 , a front-loading 250-sheet cassette3 and single cartridge system that combines all components including toner , drum and finishing unit users will have more time to focus on their daily tasks . the mf6160dw is also equipped with an array of mobile capabilities for printing on the go and easy-to-use features . the mf6160dw also includes a wide range of security features , such as secure print and department id management . lightning fast print speeds : print and copy in black and white at blazing speeds of 35ppm2 with a quick first print time of 6 seconds or less.4 single cartridge system : provides excellent print quality , and can help extend the life of the machine . the single cartridge system contains all the essential print elements that wear out with use . this easy-to-replace cartridge simplifies maintenance by combining the toner , drum , and other parts into one unit . genuine cartridge : canon genuine supplies are designed by canon engineers and manufactured in canon facilities . they are developed utilizing precise specifications , so you can be confident that your canon device will produce high-quality results , time and time again . auto duplex : duplex versatility allows two-sided printing , copying , scanning , and pc faxing produce two-sided output with ease , cutting your paper usage by as much as 50 percent . send : one-touch buttons allow you to easily scan and send your original documents directly to an email address or network folder . sending can reduce paper usage , enhance electronic record-keeping and contribute to better document security . simple solution keys : easily access the scan , eco-copy and secure print functions right from the control panel with the simple solution keys . secure print : the imageclass mf6180dw features secure print to help protect the privacy of your printed documents . scan to usb : easily scan to , or print documents directly from , your usb flash drive . id card copy : easily create copies of your identification cards or other small documents like passports to keep for your records on a one-sided document . smart document handling : copy , scan , and fax without having to worry about feeding originals one at a time with the 50-sheet duplex automatic document feeder . robust paper supply : enjoy easy paper handling with the 250-sheet cassette , 50-sheet dadf plus 50-sheet multipurpose tray , and an optional 500-sheet paper cassette pedestal means you spend less time re-filling paper . wireless connectivity : print from almost anywhere in your home or office . airprint : apple airprint allows you to print documents , e-mails , web pages , and photos to your compatible imageclass devices from your iphone , ipad , or ipod touch . super g3 fax : allows you to send photos directly from your wireless pictbridge ( dps over ip ) compatible camera to the printer without the use of a computer . google cloud print : wherever you are , print from your smartphone or computer using google cloud print enabled apps . built-in ethernet : easily connect to a network through a built-in ethernet port , so everyone can easily share printing directly from their pc . with ip address filtering and mac address filtering , you  ll prevent unwanted users from gaining access to your network and your confidential data .
brother printer work smart mfcj875dw wireless color inkjet all-in-one printer with scanner , copier and fax . all-in-one printer in your home or small business to complete a variety of tasks , including printing , copying , scanning and faxing .
aluminum aluma hard case credit cards wallet ( 5 same colors listed ) . menswallet is the premium retailer for marshal goods card guard aluminum wallet credit card case ( assorted 6 colors ) protect your credit cards and cash with the card guard aluminum hard-shell wallet . the hard-shell case blocks rfid tags now embedded in some credit cards , preventing id theft . the tear-proof 6 pocket accordion interior neatly organizes cards and bills . featuring an easy open close clasp , the wallet is water , stain and impact resistant . we will send whatever colors we have available . colors may not be pictured
ooma office business phone system voip phone and device . ooma office is absolutely everything you 'd ever need in a business phone system . ooma office uses your high-speed internet connection to deliver a high quality yet very affordable business phone service with advanced features typically found in far more expensive options . it blends the ease of do-it-yourself installation with the power of cloud computing to deliver the features and quality of service you 'd expect from a business class phone system . even better , ooma office has plenty of room to grow as your business expands without breaking the bank . no new wiring to deploy and 24 7 support if you need it . virtual receptionist , virtual fax , extension dialing , conferencing , music-on-hold and much more . works with regular analog phones , select ip phones provisioned by ooma , and smartphones via the office for mobile app . supports up to 20 users with purchase of additional hardware . with ooma office , you have virtually unlimited lines , so you will never get a busy signal .
sharp ( sharp ) [ electronic memo pad , electronic notebook : wg-n20-b [ japan import ] . electronic notebook
hp 60 black & tri-color original ink cartridges with photo paper , 2 pack ( d8j23fn ) discontinued by manufacturer . original hp 60 ink cartridge ( d8j23fn ) works with : hp deskjet d2530 , d2545 , f2430 , f4224 , f4440 , f4480 . hp envy 100 , 110 , 111 , 114 , 120. hp photosmart c4640 , c4650 , c4680 , c4780 , c4795 , d110.rely on original hp inks for durable prints and lab-quality photos that resist water and last for decades . show off your snapshots . create lab-quality photos you 'll be proud to share-using original hp inks
2xhome - posmate - usb mini credit card 3 track hi lo co magnetic reader swiper for pos system cashier registry cash register quickbook . adesso 2xhome - posmate - usb mini credit card 3 track hi lo co magnetic reader swiper for pos system cashier registry cash register quickbook
brother mfcj450dw wireless with scanner , copier and fax inkjet printer . brother work smart series mfc-j450dw install a compact , easy-to-use mfc-j450dw in your home office . easy-to-use , color lcd display makes navigating machine functionality a snap . use high-yield replacement ink cartridges to help reduce cost per page . lots of options to help you print from almost any smartphone or tablet . tbe easy-to-use brother work smart series mfc-j450dw is perfect for the home office looking for an economical , compact color inkjet all-in-one with wireless and cloud connectivity , and a color lcd display . when youre selecting a color inkjet all-in-one for your home or home office , you want a machine thats going to offer you easy , intuitive operation , plenty of connectivity options , and fast print speeds - all without breaking your budget . the brother mfc-j450dw , part of the new work smart series , may be exactly what youre looking for ! it helps improve your productivity with print speeds up to 33 ppm black 27 ppm color in fast mode and iso print speeds up to 12 ppm black 10 ppm color1 . its compact , so it wont waste your valuable work space , holds up to 100 sheets in the paper tray , and makes it easy to print , copy , scan and fax your important business documents . when you remove your mfc-j450dw from the box , youll discover that connecting to a wireless network couldnt be easier , thanks to the wireless assistant that walks you through set up . its so simple - you dont need a usb cable , and you wont even need to know your wireless network password . share the machine with others on a network using an 802.11 b g n wireless connection , or connect to a single computer using a usb cable2 via hi-speed usb port . using the machine is equally easy . the 1.8 color lcd display makes navigating your machines robust functionality intuitive . youll also appreciate how simple the mfc-j450dw is to maintain , thanks to the easy-access , front-loading ink cartridges . the mfc-j450dw gives you lots of choices for connecting to apple , android , kindle fire , windows phone , or blackberry mobile devices . it supports wireless printing from your mobile device via3 : airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , and cortado workplace . access popular web services directly from your internet-connected mfc-j450dw using the webconnect4 interface . you can upload to or download from specific web services without using a computer . access facebook , picasa web albums , flickr , evernote , google drive , box , skydrive , and dropbox . the work smart mfc-j450dw all-in-one is built to be budget-friendly from day one . it offers an economical purchase price and includes cost-saving features like duplex ( two-sided ) printing to help save paper and ink save mode to help reduce ink use . the four-cartridge ink system means you only have to change the cartridge that needs to be replaced , which can help reduce your supply costs . thanks to high yield replacement ink cartridges2 , the mfc-j450dw has a low cost per page , and you can lower that cost even further by purchasing value-priced replacement ink cartridge multi-packs . at brother , our goal is to provide you with printers and all-in-ones that you can depend on to consistently deliver high performance , reliability , and value for your business . plus , we offer phone support for the life of your product . whether you have a product question or a technical issue , brother is always at your side . 1. ppm speed is based on printing in fast mode . excludes time to complete first page and will vary depending on a variety of factors . iso print speed based on iso iec 24734.2. additional purchase required.3 . requires a connection to a wireless network . see brother.com for details , availability , and mobile device compatibility . the brother iprint & scan free app download is not available in all countries.4 . requires internet connection and an account with desired service.5 . requires internet connection.6 . resolutions are listed by vertical by horizontal dpi.7 . borderless not available on duplex.8 . cables not included.9 . black and white only . based on itu-test 1 chart no . 1 at standard resolution with mmr compression.10 . pc-fax send only for mac users.11 . see system requirements on brother.com .
brother mfcj6920dw wireless multifunction inkjet printer with scanner , copier and fax , amazon dash replenishment enabled . the brother mfc-j6920dw helps increase business productivity with fastest in class print speeds1 , low cost 2-sided printing , single-pass 2-sided 11 x 17 scanning copying , up to 500-sheet paper capacity , nfc connectivity2 , and a suite of innovative cloud apps3 . the mfc-j6920dw delivers the ultimate combination of business features . businesses looking for a hard-working color inkjet all-in-one shouldnt have to make compromises . thats why brother offers the mfc-j6920dw . it provides the ultimate combination for business : a high-end , business-quality feature set , completely intuitive operation , and increased productivity . the mfc-j6920dw also provides low-cost printing , thanks to the availability of super high yield replacement ink cartridges4 that print approximately 2,400 black pages and 1,200 color pages . the mfc-j6920dw boasts fastest in class print speed1 , so youll get your documents when you need them at up to 35 ppm color or 27 ppm black5 . plus youll enjoy the added convenience of time-saving , 2-sided printing , and single-pass duplex scanning and copying . whether youre using the machines 11 x 17 scan glass , printing from the dual paper trays , or copying , scanning or faxing from the up to 35 sheet automatic document feeder , youll appreciate just how simple it is to produce and share oversized documents . the mfc-j6920dw gives you a full menu of choices for connecting to mobile devices . near field communication ( nfc ) enables wireless two-way communication between two devices within close proximity of one another . nfc capability automatically establishes a direct connection between your nfc enabled smartphone or tablet and the mfc-j6920dw , so you can print or scan - without having to connect to a network or enter any login credentials ! 2 the mfc-j6920dw also supports wireless printing from your mobile device via6 : airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , cortado workplace and wi-fi direct , that allows you to print wirelessly from pc or mobile devices without the need for a router . the mfc-j6920dw comes with a suite of brother cloud apps2 that you access directly from the machines touchscreen display . youll be amazed by the functionality of these document management and sharing apps : you can also access popular web services directly from your internet-connected mfc-j6920dw from the touchscreen display using the web connect7 interface . upload to or download from specific web services without using a computer . innovative landscape print technology , which stores and feeds paper into the machine in landscape orientation allows brother to deliver the ultimate combination of features for business in a machine with a sleek design in a smaller footprint . at brother , our goal is to provide you with printers and all-in-ones that you can depend on to consistently deliver high performance , reliability , and value for your business . but our commitment doesnt stop there : we offer a 2-year limited warranty on the mfc-j6920dw and stand behind your purchase with phone support for the life of your product . whether you have a product question or a technical issue , brother is always at your side . disclaimers:1. based on competitive in-class inkjet models with an estimated street price under $ 300 . competitive data gathered from manufacturer websites and third party industry sources as of february 2013 . 2. see brother.com nfc for a list of compatible mobile devices.3 . requires internet connection . see www.brother.com for more details.4 . additional purchase required.5 . ppm speed is based on printing in fast mode . excludes time to complete first page and will vary depending on a variety of factors . iso print speed based on iso iec 24734. see www.brother.com printspeed for details.6 . requires a connection to a wireless network . see www.brother.com for details , availability , and mobile device compatibility . the brother iprint & scan free app download is not available in all countries . 7. requires internet connection and an account with desired service . see www.brother.com for more details .
vupoint magic instascan pds-st420-vp sheetfed scanner . magic instascan scanner
xkttsueercrr premium new abs plastic keys wireless bluetooth keyboard folio case cover with magnetic smart stand for ipad 2 new apple ipad 3 3rd gen. ipad 4 gen. ( blue ) .
ooma telo air free home phone service with wireless adapter . the ooma telo is a revolutionary device that allows you to call anywhere in the u.s. for free . just pay applicable taxes and fees . you can also make international calls for next to nothing . ooma telo is easy to set up and even easier to use . you simply connect the device to your high-speed internet and your existing phone , and that 's it . you do n't need a computer and you do n't need a headset . with the ooma telo you 'll be ready to start calling and saving money within minutes.plug-in the ooma wireless adapter and unplug your ooma telo . the wireless adapter plugs into the usb port of your ooma telo so you can place it anywhere in range of your wireless network . like your kitchen , den , bedroom or anywhere , you decide . note : the ooma telo requires high-speed internet and a router ( not included )
brother lc101 ink cartridges ( black , cyan , magenta , yellow ) in retail packaging . the genuine brother lc101 ( lc-101 ) color ( bk c m y ) ink cartridge 4-pack ( includes 1 each lc101bk , lc101c , lc101m , lc101y ) for brother mfcj470dw mfcj475dw mfcj650dw mfcj870dw mfcj875dw . the genuine brother lc101 ( lc-101 ) color ( bk c m y ) ink cartridge 4-pack has a yield of 300 pages . the geniune brother lc101 ( lc-101 ) color ( bk c m y ) ink cartridge 4-pack comes with 30 day warranty .
hp laserjet pro m127fw wireless all-in-one monochrome printer , ( cz183a ) . this affordable , full-featured mfp is easy to installand prints , copies , scans , and faxes . enable easy printing from smartphones , tablets , and laptopsat work , home , or on the gowith wireless connectivity and mobile printing features .
canon pixma mg7120 wireless color photo all-in-one printer , black ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . view larger the mg7120 also allows you to print on cds and dvds , as well as load paper into the front of the printer.view larger view larger pixma mg7120 wireless inkjet photo all-in-one premium wireless all-in-one with 3.5 touch screen , gray ink and exceptional connectivity options the pixma mg7120 is the ultimate wireless inkjet photo all-in-one printer delivering superior photo printing performance and incredible versatility . the mg7120 prints gorgeous , borderless photos up to 8.5 '' x 11 '' and sharp documents with amazing quality . maximum color dpi is a remarkable 9600 x 2400 with 1pl technology , six individual ink tanks , including gray ink for beautiful detail in your color and black & white photos . additional features include airprint , built-in wi-fi , auto duplex printing , full hd movie print , wireless auto power on , auto scan mode , quick start , a quiet mode and my image garden software . with pixma printing solutions ( pps ) from canon , you can quickly print photos or documents directly from select cloud services like twitter , facebook , evernote , dropbox , and more . get connected to your printer wirelessly and eliminate the need to be near your printer . with the free pps app3 you can unlock the collections of images and documents trapped inside your mobile device while checking printer settings , reviewing manuals and scanning documents without a computer . pps helps you stay connected to the cloud and keep moving at the speed of today 's world . borderless photos fast : print a beautiful , borderless 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 21 seconds . chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album . hybrid ink system : combines dye ink for vivid colors and black pigment ink for sharp text . superior resolution : 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . six individual ink tank system : this high performance 6-color ink system includes gray ink for amazing detail in your black & white and color photos . a pigment-based black ink produces exceptionally crisp text . plus , you only replace the color ink tank that runs out . print documents and web pages , fast : print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 15.0 images per minute ( ipm ) for black and 10.0 images per minute ( ipm ) for color . scanning resolution : print a beautiful , borderless 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 21 seconds . fine : features full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) with a patented print head firing ink droplets as small as 1pl . built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house . google cloud print : allows users to print from gmail and google docs on a mobile device , and from the google chrome browser . with google cloud print , you can print from wherever you are , from applications you use every day . you can even share your home and work printers with anyone you choose . wireless pictbridge : send photos directly from your wireless pictbridge ( dps over ip ) compatible camera to the printer . no computer needed . ethernet : supports wired lan connections as well as usb connections . memory cards : do n't feel like using a computer ? just insert a compatible memory card into the built-in card slot , select images on the lcd , and print ! pixma printing solutions : the pixma printing solutions ( pps ) app easily lets you print and scan photos or documents from your mobile device . with the cloud printing function you can print directly from select online cloud services either at the printer itself or with your mobile device using the free pps app . in addition , pps offers a variety of other features such as an online manual , the ability to change printer settings , and view status information that help enhance your productivity , as well as your fun . airprint : wirelessly print photos , emails , web pages , documents and more from your compatible ipad , iphone or ipod touch devices to your canon pixma wireless all-in-one . there 's no software to download , no drivers to install , and no cables to connect . just see it , tap it , and print it ! cloud link printing : download and print office templates like stationery , check lists , calendars , memos , envelopes and more right to your pixma printer , without a computer . print from email : allows you to print a pdf or jpg automatically to your internet connected printer just by sending an email . 3.5 '' touchscreen lcd : this beautiful display lets you easily view , select and edit your images for simple computer-free printing . no downloading needed , just choose your picture and print . intelligent touch system : effortlessly operate the printer with beautiful backlit buttons and only the buttons you need illuminate . full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with select canon eos digital slrs , powershot digital cameras and vixia digital camcorders into beautiful prints . cd dvd printing : enjoy the ability to print on cds and dvds . quick start : after pressing the power button you can begin inputting commands in mere seconds so full operation is possible in a much shorter time . quiet mode : this considerate feature lets you print anytime without worrying about disturbing those around you . my image garden : my image garden software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy with great facial recognition , special filters , calendar organization , automatic layout suggestions and so much more . auto power on : this convenient feature automatically powers up the printer whenever you send a photo or document to be printed . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this can reduce your paper consumption and cost by up to 50 % . self-opening tray : this convenient output feature automatically opens to collect prints and copies .
displays2go interlocking floor mats with wood-grain pattern , 10 x 10 floor covering , eva foam anti-fatigue surface perfect for trade show booths ( tsfm10dov2 ) . these interlocking floor mats create a 10 x 10 square surface perfect for use as flooring for within a trade show booth . the eva ( ethylene vinyl acetate ) foam matting is lightweight and durable , therefore making it perfect for transport to and from an event . these interlocking floor mats is made up of individual 2 x 2 tiles that easily fit together like a jigsaw puzzle . the 0.5-inch-thick trade show flooring provides comfort and style for tradeshow participants . the anti-fatigue foam floor mats feature a stylish wood-grain appearance similar to laminate . please note that some high-heeled shoes and heavy display fixtures may leave permanent imprints within the foam tiles. < br > < br > dimensions : < br > overall : 10 x 10 < br > single tile : 2 x 2 < br > tile thickness : 0.5 < br > weight : 25 lbs .
chalkseries chalkboard contact paper roll with 5 colored chalks & 1 chalk pen .
brother ads1000w compact color desktop scanner with duplex and wireless networking . automatic document feeder holds up to 20 sheets of paper . compact scanner measures just 11.2 long x 4.1 deep with the document feeder closed . easily navigate menus , settings , and scanning destinations with the touchpanel display . wireless enabled duplex document scanner packs business-focused features , including an automatic document feeder and an easy-to-use touchpanel display into a compact , desk-friendly size . the brother imagecenter ads-1000w desktop scanner offers powerful features for business including two-sided scanning , wireless 802.11 b g n network connectivity , a touchscreen display , and an up to 20-page capacity auto document feeder , all in a compact design . it captures single- and double-sided documents in a single pass at speeds of up to 16ppm1 . great for scanning multi-page , two-sided business documents , as well as documents up to 34 long2 , receipts , business cards , photographs , and laminated identification cards via the rear card slot . the ads-1000w connects to your wireless network , or to a single machine via usb interface , to scan at up to 1200x1200 dpi ( interpolated ) and 600x600 dpi resolution ( optical ) . its compact footprint , along with advanced scanning features such as deskew support , blank page removal , auto image rotation and background removal , make it great for a home office or small business that regularly scans and digitizes printed information , but may not have space for a larger scanner . the ads-1000w gives you the option to scan to a number of different destinations to help you manage your documents and workflow . you can also scan to your usb flash drive3 , or to compatible mobile devices using the free brother iprint & scan app4 , or scan to a file , email , or image . you can also scan to a shared folder , email server , or ftp , to save , distribute , and share information . the ads-1000w includes an enhanced package of scanning software to help you manage and distribute information and reduce the need to store and reference hard copy documents : the ads-1000w includes br-receipts software that captures information from scanned receipts . br-receipts also lets you export your receipt data into quicken and quickbooks software to help simplify bookkeeping and reporting5 . the ads-1000w features industry-standard drivers , including twain , wia , ica , isis , and sane , to help enable easy integration for scanning documents into a wide variety of popular applications . plus , its compatible with windows , mac , and linux operating systems ! we offer a one-year limited warranty on the ads-1000w and stand behind your purchase with free phone support for the life of your product . whether you have a product question or a technical issue , brother is always at your side .
brother mobile color page scanner , ds-720d , fast scanning , compact and lightweight , duplex scanning . for businesses or individuals who require a dual-sized scanner that is portable , compact , and lightweight , the brother ds-720d mobile scanner is an exceptional and affordable solution . delivering speeds of up to 8 pages per minute single-sided and 5 ppm in duplex scanning model ( 1 ) , this mobile scanner is perfect for capturing digital images of receipts , business documents , business cards , id cards , photos , invoices , and more . the ds-720d mobile scanner can scan at resolutions up to 1200 1200 dpi interpolated and 600 600 dpi optical , in color or black and white , and it includes multiple scanning software solutions for organizing and distributing these digital scans simply . the brother ds-mobile 720d mobile scanner measures less than a foot in length and weighs less than one pound . its compactness and sleek design make it easy to fit into a briefcase or travel bag . it is a digital portable scanner that is easy to operate and is powered by usb , and it can scan documents as large as 8.5 wide 32 long . this brother mobile scanner includes multiple software solutions , including desktop document management , business card management , and ocr management . this allows you to stay organized once youve captured your digital image . the ds-720d is also compatible with br-receipts ( 2 ) , a receipt management software solution that helps you organize scanned receipts and data by exporting them to quickbooks and quicken software programs . the brother ds-720d scanner is compatible with linux , windows , and mac computers and comes with a one-year limited warranty and free phone support for the lifetime of the product . ( 1 ) color and monochrome scan speed with all advanced features turned off , ltr at 300dpi . see manufacturers website for details . ( 2 ) br-receipts software available via download from brother online ( only available in the usa ) . visit manufacturers website for download details . quicken and quickbooks are trademarks and service marks of intuit inc. , registered in the united states and other countries .
brother mobile color page scanner , ds-620 , fast scanning speeds , compact and lightweight , compatible with br-receipts . the brother ds-620 mobile scanner is perfect for the mobile professional who needs a powerful scanner that will slide right into a briefcase or travel bag . delivering speeds of up to 8 pages per minute ( 1 ) , this mobile scanner is perfect for capturing digital images of business documents , receipts , business cards , identification cards , photos , invoices , and more . the ds-620 can scan at resolutions up to 1200 1200 dpi interpolated and 600 600 dpi optical , in color or black and white . measuring less than a foot in length and weighing less than one pound , this portable scanner is easy to operate and powered by usb . its inclusion of a valuable suite of scanning software make it an exceptional fit for homes and small businesses or for anyone requiring an on-the-road scanner . the brother mobile scanner includes multiple software solutions , including desktop document management , business card management , and ocr management . these help you stay organized once youve captured your digital image . the ds-620 is also compatible with br-receipts ( 2 ) , a receipt management software solution for organizing scanned receipts and data by exporting them to the quickbooks and quicken programs . this portable digital scanner is compatible with linux , windows , and mac and comes with a one-year limited warranty and free phone support for the lifetime of the product . ( 1 ) color and monochrome scan speed with all advanced features turned off , ltr at 300dpi . see manufacturers website for details . ( 2 ) additional purchase required . br-receipts software available via download from brother online ( only available in the usa ) . visit manufacturers website for download details . quicken and quickbooks are trademarks and service marks of intuit inc. , registered in the united states and other countries .
intevision foot cushion with a non-slip , washable cover - does not slip even on smooth marble floors- foot rest cushion for under desk - ergonomic foam footrest to support yout feet at home or office . the intevision foot cushion allows you to prop up your feet at the optimal sitting position . it is firm enough to provide the support you need while being comfortable on your feet . it is light enough so you can move around with your feet to adjust to different positions . with long hours sitting in front of computers being so common these days , the foot cushion is a wonderful addition for helping relieve tension on your feet and legs , improving circulation . you get a quality product at a fraction of what you need to pay at specialty stores . this new and improved version includes a high quality nylon cover coated with a non-slip silicone layer at the bottom of the cushion to prevent it from sliding even on polished marble floors . your feet will thank you when you put this comfortable foam footrest under your desk to support your feet at home or office . if you are not completely satisfied with the product , you can return it in 30 days for a full refund . order one today !
programmable scrolling msd led name badge ( 12x48 pixels ) red . a red msd led name badge and mini display advertisement .
e-z ink ( tm ) remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for epson 200xl ( 2 black , 1 cyan , 1 magenta , 1 yellow ) .
e-z ink remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for epson 200xl ( 3 black ) for xp-200 wf-2540 xp-300 wf-2530 xp-410 wf-2520 xp-400 xp-310 printer . compatible with : xp-200 , xp-300 , xp-310 , xp-400 , xp-410 , wf-2520 , wf-2530 , wf-2540 this is a truly cost effective alternative to oem cartridges . this e-z ink product has been re-manufactured to the highest standards to either meet or exceed oem quality .
bestbookstand nice production inp-101-o book stand ( bookstand bookstands holder cookbook music ) . # dimension : 11.50 inches x 8.27 inches ( including plastic hinges 11.93 inches x 8.35 inches ) # non-slip rubber backing # made from strong but light-weight material ( mdf ) # easy to clean surface finished with rounded corners ( humidity resistant ) # wide and strong book support enables more sturdy and solid construction # hard & strong plastic adjusters # no assembly required # hand made ** please see seller '' s other book stands ( ihd-105 , jasmine book stand , jasmine plus book stand , clover book stand , clover plus book stand ) ** ups will not deliver to p.o . boxes , please do not use a p.o . box for a shipping address for in your order ( please see details under our shipping rates page ) *** this is a best book stand product-nice production inp-101-o book stand . best book stand is the sole licensed distributor of the nice production inp-101-o book stand . any and all purchases made through other illicit distributors will not be guaranteed of the quality & service we provide .
epson workforce ds-510 color document scanner . epson work force ds-510 sheet fed scanner b11b209201 business card scanners . 26 ppm 52 ipm scan speeds1 ; scans both sides in just one pass . scan to sharepoint , evernote , google drive and more2 ; pc and mac compatible .
hp deskjet 3511 e-all-in-one printer copier scanner . get affordable and reliable performance from this e-all-in-one . you can wirelessly print from virtually anywhere , enjoy impressive results from original hp inks , print borderless photos and even save energy and conserve resources . hp deskjet 3511 e-all-in-one printer copier scanner : key features : print speed black : up to 20 ppm ; color : up to 16 ppm print resolution black : up to 600 dpi , color : up to 4800 x 1200 dpi built-in wireless energy star certified replacement ink 61 , 61xl black ink cartridges , 61 yellow , magenta , cyan ; 61xl yellow , magenta , cyan color ink cartridges additional specifications : built-in wireless lan ( 802.11b g n ) print from multiple computers mobile printing capability hp eprint , wireless direct , apple airprint copier settings : black : up to 5 cpm , color : up to 3 cpm ; resolution : 600 x 300 dpi scan settings : optical : up to 1200 dpi ; hardware : 1200 x 1200 dpi paper & media compatibility : 60-sheet input tray , 25-sheet output tray media types : paper ( brochure , inkjet , plain ) , photo paper , envelopes , labels , cards ( greeting ) , transparencies system requirements : compatible operating systems : microsoft windows 7 , windows vista , windows xp sp3 or higher ( 32-bit only ) , mac os x v10.6 , v10.7 what 's included : 1 each of hp 61 printer cartridges software cd power supply power cord usb cable energy star products that are energy star-qualified prevent greenhouse gas emissions by meeting strict energy efficiency guidelines set by the u.s. environmental protection agency and the u.s. department of energy . the energy star name and marks are registered marks owned by the u.s. government , as part of their energy efficiency and environmental activities .
tv cart stand for lcd , led , plasma , flat panel tvs with 3 '' wheels , mobile fits 32 '' to 50 '' ( by vivo ) . new tv cart from vivo ! great for conference rooms , schools , and hospitals . fits any tv that uses vesa 500x400 ( or smaller ) mounting brackets up to 50 '' . the stand is 63 '' tall with the wheel base being 32.5 '' x 28.5 '' . included are 3 '' locking casters for easy mobility . there is a tapered glass shelf that is 16.5 '' x 12 '' x 6mm for dvd blue ray players . max load capacity is 90 lbs . the stand is silver and black in color and made from high grade steel . the mounting bracket can be set at 3 different heights 48.5 '' , 53.5 '' and 58.5 '' ( from floor to center of tv ) .
hp laserjet pro m177fw wireless all-in-one color printer , ( cz165a ) . this affordable hp color laserjet pro mfp brings vibrant color printing in-house , and boosts productivity with ethernet connectivity . enable easy printing at work , home , or on the go with mobile printing features .
brother printer mfc-j6520dw wireless color printer with scanner , copier and fax , amazon dash replenishment enabled . brother business smart pro-series mfc-j6520dw the mfc-j6520dw helps increase business productivity with fastest in class print speeds1 , low cost duplex ( 2-sided ) printing , 11 '' x 17 '' print copy scan fax , up to 250-sheet paper capacity , and a suite of innovative cloud apps2 . businesses looking for a hard-working color inkjet all-in-one shouldnt have to make compromises . thats why brother is proud to offer the mfc-j6520dw , part of our business smart pro series . it provides the ultimate combination for business : a high-end , business-quality feature set , completely intuitive operation , and increased productivity . the mfc-j6520dw also provides low-cost printing , thanks to the availability of super high yield replacement ink cartridges3 that print approximately 2,400 black pages and 1,200 color pages . the mfc-j6520dw boasts fastest in class print speed1 , so youll get your documents when you need them at up to 35 ppm color or 27 ppm black4 . plus youll enjoy the added convenience of duplex ( 2-sided ) ledger printing , as well as 11 x 17 copy scan fax . the mfc-j6520dw prints , copies , scans and faxes ledger size documents with ease . whether youre using the machines 11 x 17 scan glass , printing from the dual paper trays , or copying , scanning or faxing from the up to 35 sheet automatic document feeder , youll appreciate just how simple it is to produce and share oversized documents . when you remove your mfc-j6520dw from the box , youll discover that connecting to a wireless network couldnt be easier , thanks to the wireless assistant that completely walks you through set up . its so simple - you dont need a usb cable , and you wont even need to know your wireless network password . share the machine with others on a network using 802.11 b g n or wired ethernet networking , or connect to a single computer using a usb cable3 via hi-speed usb port . using the machine is equally easy . the simplified control panel on the 2.7 touchscreen display makes it simple and intuitive to navigate menus , change settings , and create custom shortcuts for frequently used settings , and the accompanying touchpanel only displays the keys you need . the mfc-j6520dw gives you a full menu of choices for connecting to apple android , kindle fire , windows phone , or blackberry mobile devices . it supports wireless printing from your mobile device via5 : airprint , google cloud print , brother iprint & scan , cortado workplace and wi-fi direct , that allows you to print wirelessly from pc or mobile devices without the need for a router . the mfc-j6520dw comes with a suite of pre-installed , innovative brother cloud apps2 that you access directly from the machines touchscreen display . youll be amazed by the functionality of these all-new exclusive document management and sharing apps . the brother cloud apps suite is expandable , and brother is developing new apps that will become available for download as they are finished . the initial line-up of apps includes : you can also access popular web services directly from your internet-connected mfc-j6520dw from the touchscreen display using the web connect6 interface . upload to or download from specific web services without using a computer . access facebook , picasa web albums , flickr , evernote , google drive , box , skydrive and dropbox . while developing the mfc-j6520dw , brother sought to create a product that would help eliminate the need for compromising on features or design . this led us to introduce our innovative landscape print technology , which stores and feeds paper into the machine in landscape orientation . this unique , space-saving technology allows brother to deliver the ultimate combination of features for business in a machine with a sleek design in a smaller footprint . at brother , our goal is to provide you with printers and all-in-ones that you can depend on to consistently deliver high performance , reliability , and value for your business . 1. based on competitive in-class inkjet models with an estimated street price under $ 300 . competitive data gathered from manufacturer websites and third party industry sources as of february 2013.2. requires internet connection.3 . additional purchase required.4 . ppm speed is based on printing in fast mode . excludes time to complete first page and will vary depending on a variety of factors . iso print speed based on iso iec 24734.5. requires a connection to a wireless network.6 . approximate page yields in accordance with iso iec 24711.7. see brother-usa.com nfc for a list of compatible mobile devices .
dell premium toner cartridge ( ap-d1160 ) black .
paper mate phd multi 3-in-1 retractable pen pencil stylus , blue barrel , black ink , medium point , pack of 3 ( pap69076 ) . retractable writing instrument combines three functions in one comfortable utensil with the simple twist of the barrel , change phd multi from black ballpoint to mechanical pencil to pda comfortable ergonomic triangular grip is endorsed by the american physical therapy association lubriglide ink system provides smooth writing design features brushed metal accents .
hirsh industries 2 drawer steel file cabinet in white . hirsh 's small office home office 2 drawer mobile file cabinet with square embossed drawer fronts add style and organization to your space . full high-side drawers accommodate letter-size hanging file folders or provide storage for other office essentials . lock secures both drawers . three-quarter drawer extension prevents tipping . tucks under most work surfaces with easy roll casters . assembly of the casters and handles required . hardware included .
hirsh industries 18 '' deep 3 drawer steel file cabinet in white . hirsh 's small office home office 3 drawer file organizer is a multifunctional file cabinet perfect for storing files , supplies , and office accessories . full high-side file drawers accommodate letter-size hanging file folders and pencil drawer provides storage for all of your office supplies . lock secures top two drawers . three-quarter drawer extension prevents tipping . tucks under most work surfaces . assembly of the handles required . hardware included .
epson c11cd28201 expression photo xp-950 wireless color photo printer with scanner and copier . print and share from anywhere in the world print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , tablet , smartphone , or laptop computer with epson connect . easily print documents , photos , emails , and web pages from the comfort of your couch , your office , or across the globe . you can even scan your documents and save them to the cloud . make scanning easy with the new , fold-over scan lid . this innovative feature secures originals , giving you a perfectly scanned image almost every time . the expression photo xp-950 puts professional-quality photo printing right at your fingertips . this wide-format all-in-one features 6-color inks and an innovative , fold-over scan lid that holds originals in place . quickly produce stunning borderless photos up to 11 '' x 17 '' or print 4 '' x 6 '' photos in as fast as 11 seconds . featuring the ultimate in wireless printing , the xp-950 makes it easier than ever to print from your ipad , iphone , tablet or smartphone , whether in your home or out and about . no matter what you choose to print , youre ready with a dedicated photo tray , specialty paper support and cd dvd printing . print sharp , grain-free photos with smooth gradations and true-to-life skin tones thanks to 6-color inks . this sleek printer boasts a wide color gamut and ensures brilliant borderless photos , including 3.5 '' x 5 '' , 4 '' x 6 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 8 '' x 10 '' , 8.5 '' x 11 '' and 11 '' x 17 '' . expression photo xp-950 color inkjet printer , setup and instruction manuals , cd-rom containing software and drivers ( windows and mac ) , power cord , 6 claria photo hd ink cartridges : one 277 black ink cartridge , five 277 color ink cartridges : cyan , magenta , yellow , light cyan and light magenta
epson c11cd31201 expression premium xp-610 wireless color photo printer with scanner and copier . consumer-rated unbeatable photo quality print stunning borderless photos with the ultra-powerful , ultra-slim expression premium xp-610 . consumer-rated unbeatable photo quality ensures brilliant photos anytime , while sharp text complements those images for eye-catching documents . the xp-610 features the ultimate in wireless printing . now its easier than ever to print from your ipad , iphone , tablet or smartphone , whether in your home or out and about . at 25 % smaller than competitive models , this sleek printer packs a lot of features , including auto 2-sided printing , a dedicated photo tray , cd dvd printing , built-in cards slots for pc-free printing , and much more . print and display brilliant borderless photos 3.5 '' x 5 '' , 4 '' x 6 '' , 5 '' x 7 '' , 8 '' x 10 '' or 8.5 '' x 11 '' anytime . print wirelessly from your ipad , iphone , tablet , smartphone , or laptop computer with epson connect . easily print documents , photos , emails , and web pages from the comfort of your couch , your office , or across the globe . you can even scan your documents and save them to the cloud . the xp-610 is always ready to print with its dedicated photo tray . it even makes it easy to save paper with automatic 2-sided printing . get the best of both worlds : powerful performance and a sleek , compact design . in fact , the xp-610 is 25 % smaller than competitive models . this versatile small-in-one printer gives you all the tools you need for photos , documents and more , while saving valuable space on your desk . expression premium xp-610 color inkjet printer , setup and instruction manuals , cd-rom containing software and drivers ( windows and mac ) , power cord , 5 claria premium ink cartridges : one 273 black ink cartridge , three 273 color ink cartridges : cyan , magenta & yellow , one 273 photo black ink cartridge
zebra - gc420d direct thermal desktop printer for labels , receipts , barcodes , tags , and wrist bands - print width of 4 in - usb , serial , and parallel port connectivity . zebras gc420d direct thermal desktop printer offers professional printing for any budget . this affordable , easy-to-use printer is ideal for a variety of basic labeling applications . although value priced , this printer is still engineered for reliability and longevity . like all g-series printers , the gc420d has a dual-wall framed construction and all-metal printhead to reduce replacement parts and decrease printer downtime . this model connects via usb , serial , or parallel port making set up a breeze . for additional support visit zebra.com for all manuals , how-to-videos , and drivers . download zebra utilities for simple printer set up and configuration . also available on zebra.com is zebra designer which allows you to use premade label and barcode templates as well as create your own custom labels . gc420-200510-000 : standard gc420 printer with direct thermal print mode
saga 0.1 oz . to 86 lb . digital postal scale , red . it was designed based on ten thousands of scale users ' feedbacks and 5 years of practical experiences . every detail on this product has been deliberately engineered . refined calculations has been performed to optimize the size shape of the weighing platform , the power supply and other useful features such as smart auto hold switch . there is a strong core under the housing of this great work - a full size premium quality alloy heavy duty load cell was equipped .
nd lc101 lc103 lc105 lc107 refillable ink cartridges with auto reset chips for brother mfc-j285dw , mfc-j4310dw , mfc-j4410dw , mfc-j4510dw , mfc-j4610dw , mfc-j470dw , mfc-j4710dw , mfc-j475dw , mfc-j650dw , mfc-j870dw , mfc-j875dw printers . 4 refillable cartridges note : black cartridge is pre-filled 23ml dye ink . color cartridge is pre-filled 15ml dye ink for use with : brother lc101 : dcp-j152w , mfc-j245 , mfc-j285dw , mfc-j450dw , mfc-j470dw , mfc-j475dw , mfc-j650dw , mfc-j870dw , mfc-j875dw brother lc103 : dcp-j152w , mfc-j245 , mfc-j285dw , mfc-j4310dw , mfc-j4410dw , mfc-j450dw , mfc-j4510dw , mfc-j4610dw , mfc-j470dw , mfc-j4710dw , mfc-j475dw , mfc-j650dw , mfc-j6920dw , mfc-j870dw , mfc-j875dw brother lc105 : mfc-j4310dw , mfc-j4410dw , mfc-j4510dw , mfc-j4610dw , mfc-j4710dw , mfc-j6920dw brother lc107 : mfc-j4310dw , mfc-j4410dw , mfc-j4510dw , mfc-j4610dw , mfc-j4710dw
ricoh aficio sp 204sn monochrome multifunction laser printer with color photo scanner and copier ( windows only ) . this desktop office solution is more than your average multifunction laser printer . featuring easy to use all-in-one print cartridge technology with efficient 23-ppm output speeds is ready to handle the daily print copy scan workload of your small office with little maintenance & lots of value . standing under 12 '' tall , equipped with a 15-sheet document feeder to automatically process originals up to 8.5 '' x 14 '' for b & w copying & full-color scanning . front access design includes a large control panel for easy operation , a 150-sheet user-adjustable paper tray & single-sheet bypass , plus a 50-sheet forward-facing exit tray for a multifunction solution that fits in tight spaces . small business needs include lots of 1-2 page jobs . like printing letters & invoices , copying wallet-size cards & forms , & scanning pictures & test results in color for sharing or storage . this printer has a fast warm-up time of less than 25 seconds & a 10-second first print time for near-instant readiness & fast job turnaround . every file is quickly prepared for printing with 32 mb memory , while id card copy makes quick work of two-sided checks , insurance cards & driver licenses . perfect for users with local windows printing , twain scanning , & copying needs . allow small workgroups to share the network-ready sp 204sn with built-in 10 100base-tx ethernet connectivity . print superior quality documents at up to 1200 x 600 dpi resolution . take advantage of cost-free information sharing with full-color scan-to-email & scan-to-folder . quickly transfer hardcopy originals to portable media with the convenient front usb 2.0 host port . ricoh 's proven all-in-one print cartridge technology for simplified operation at minimal cost . reliable & durable , the aio cartridge is the only supply you 'll ever need - it contains everything that can run out . intuitive printer & scanner drivers plus an informative control panel with 2-line lcd screen & large hard keys make networked & walk-up job programming effortless .
round embossers set of die plate & metal insert ( no handle ) . personal embosser is precision crafted to make crisp and clear raised impressions on variety of papers . its widely used for notary public , corporate seals , official documents , monograms , weddings , packaging etc . emboss multiple sheets of paper at one time or emboss up to 80 lb . paper with ease . embossers add a mark of distinction and they are perfect personalized gifts for family , friends , and business associates . after the purchase please specify your seal details thru amazon email .
2inkjet compatible ink cartridge replacement for brother lc-103xl ( black , cyan , magenta , yellow , 5-pack ) . 2inkjet set of 5 pack lc103 compatible ink cartridge is suitable for brother mfc-j245 , mfc-j285dw , mfc-j4310dw , mfc-j4410dw , mfc-j450dw , mfc-j4510dw , mfc-j4610dw , mfc-j470dw , mfc-j4710dw , mfc-j475dw , mfc-j650dw , mfc-j6920dw , mfc-j870dw , mfc-j875dw .
2 pk pg 240xl cl 241xl ink cartridge for canon pixma mg and mx series printer ( alternative replacement ) . 2 pack remanufactured high yield canon inkjet cartridges 1-pg 240xl black 1-cl 241xl color *same page yield as genuine canon cartridges for use in the following printers : canon pixma mg series pixma mg2120 pixma mg2220 pixma mg3120 pixma mg3122 pixma mg3220 pixma mg3222 pixma mg4120 pixma mg4220 canon pixma mx series pixma mx372 pixma mx392 pixma mx432 pixma mx439 pixma mx452 pixma mx459 pixma mx512 pixma mx522 ( all printers may not be listed )
sprout plantable pencils - kids edition in natural sustainable wood , perfect for color books and as a highlighter , box of 8 . sprout kids color kit unique coloring book including 8 eco-friendly color pencils that turn into plants ! do you know a kid who spends too much time online ? this special gift will make it more fun to be creative in a new way . first you color , then you plant ! imagine if your color pencils could turn into herbs , vegetables and flowers , after they become too short to use . well , now they can ! the original sprout color pencils are not only 100 % natural and biodegradable . they also contain seeds that will grow into plants . this way you give new life to waste and learn about recycling . the pencils come with a unique coloring book that contains handmade drawings with motives from nature and fun facts about our natural world . simply fill in the colors and learn about our planet at the same time . the sprout kids color kit contains : 8 eco-friendly , high quality sprout color pencils 1 coloring book with handmade drawings sprout kids color kit is ideal for : coloring and being creative - offline learning about nature planting and growing your own herbs , vegetables and flowers from pencils
hp deskjet 1512 inkjet all-in-one printer . hp deskjet 1512 all in one printer
omnitech 10-sheet cross-cut paper shredder . shreds up to 10-sheets at a time cross-cut with a shred size of 0.16 '' x 1.58 '' ( 4 mm x 40 mm ) 3.28-gallon basket capacity reverse jam protection switch clears jams overheat protection with led - light goes on and machine shuts down to cool off in case of overheating safety interlock switch shuts machine down if shreddertop is removed from basket while in use enhanced level of security , shreds paper , standard staples , credit cards 3-position switch : rev off auto auto start stop for convenient one-handed operation window indicates shred level up to 8.2 ft min ( 2.5m min ) shred speed 8.66 '' ( 220 mm ) wide paper opening product weight : 8.71 lb . dimensions : 15.35 '' h. x 13.39 '' w. x 6.69 '' d. 1-year manufacturer 's limited warranty ( details with product )
realspace all-pile studded chair mat , 36 '' x 48 '' , clear . ideal for shag carpets more than 3 4in .
password safe . do n't forget your passwords again . this password vault stores login user name and passwords for 400 web sites or accounts . simply enter one pin number to access your passwords . includes search function . unit locks automatically for 30 minutes after five consecutive incorrect pin attempts . not connected to internet , safe from online hackers . large backlit lcd screen . full qwerty keyboard . built-in flash memory retains passwords during infrequent battery change . small , pocket-sized design . can be reset to permanently erase all data . operates on one cr2032 button cell battery .
pilot frixion ball knock retractable erasable gel ink pens , fine point , - 0.7 mm - black ink- value set of 5 & 6 gel ink pen refill pack . my store is the goods of high quality and popular japan are selected carefully and it sells with reasonable set pricing . since many inexpensive sets are sold , please search by `` value set '' .
brother printer dcpj152w all-in-one inkjet printer with wireless networking . if you 're looking for an easy-to-use , economical color inkjet all-in-one with wireless capability that wo n't waste valuable workspace , the brother dcp-j152w may be exactly what you need . in addition to its budget-friendly purchase price , it offers a lower total cost of operation thanks to the option of printing in ink save mode and the availability of high-yield replacement ink cartridges . features like mobile device printing , free brother cloud apps and a 1.8 '' color lcd display make this all-in-one an excellent choice for your home or home office .
royal epoch portable manual typewriter . theres nothing like the satisfying click-clack sound and feeling of a manual typewriter . our classic black manual typewriter is both decorative and practical , the ideal solution for addressing envelopes , filling out forms , writing short notes or creating the great american novel . it makes a great conversation piece , or a fun way for children to practice their writing . includes clamshell carrying case and black red ribbon .
realspace 2-drawer laminate vertical file , light cherry . realspace 2-drawer laminate vertical file , light cherry
apache laminating pouches , 5 mil ( 5mil , letter , 100 pack ) . apache 100 pack of 5 mil hot laminator pouches
vivo triple lcd led computer monitor desk stand free standing heavy duty fully adjustable , mounts three screens up to 30 '' ( stand-v003e ) .
realspace btec 600 big & tall high-back chair , brown . have a busy schedule ? look no further for a functional and comfortable big & tall chair than the realspace btec 600 big and tall high-back chair . sturdy construction and cushioning support help ensure you 're refreshed and ready for anything the day brings . overall dimensions : 47-5 8 '' h x 27-15 16 '' w x 30-5 16 '' d. extra-large office chair 's weight capacity tested to support up to 350 lb . sleek , professional-looking upholstery on this realspace high-back chair adds an elegant look to the room . big and tall high-back chair comes in brown , helping it complement virtually any dcor . lumbar feature supports your lower back and the natural curve of your spine . padded armrests and memory foam provide cushioned comfort all over . assembly is required .
brenton studio katarina manager chair , white .
panasonic kxtga950b dect_6.0 2 line extra handset for kx-tg95xx series telephones . kx-tga950b extra add-ons handsets for kx-tg9541b , kx-tg9542b , kx-tg9581b , kx-tg9582b . features : new dect 6.0 plus technology interference less communication increased clarity enhanced security wider range network friendly 1.9ghz extra handset charger dedicated for cordless phones by the fcc 30 % battery life increase over 5.8ghz 2-line operation caller id remote access message playback individual erase control the greeting messageautomatic noise reduction handset speakerphone 3-linelcd display backlit keypad built in directoryholds up to 600 names and numberscall block 3-way conferencingvolume control call transfer auto channel search before & during call hold up to 12 hours talk timeup to 5 days standbyheadset jack call waiting note - will not work without base : kx-tg9541b , kx-tg9542b , kx-tg9581b , kx-tg9582b . base sold separately .
cyanics i-bridge desk organizer computer monitor stand tempered glass with 3 port usb hub . material : tempered glass , frame-abs ( 5 mm ) , size : 24 x 7 x 3 inch . weight : 3.8 lb . made in korea . what is included in the box ? i-bridge board , s-hub ( 3 port usb hub and stand in one ) , usb cable . distance between two cup holders ( 15 inch )
lapgear media lapdesk exec for laptops and tablets 91050 cherry . what is the intelligent choice for portable work surfaces ? the media lapdesk combines an elegant wood lap desk with modern tablet stand . plush elbow pads assure work is done in comfort while the large desk area provides room for projects of any size .
lapgear designer series 300 lapdesk polka dot ( 48373 ) . find the style you are looking for with the designer series 300 lapdesks from the original lapdesk company .
dell computer b1163w wireless monochrome printer , scanner and copier . make your everyday tasks easy with anaffordable 3-in-1 multifunction printerthat lets you print , scan and copy with a wide range of time-saving features .
visioneer roadwarrior 3 color document portable scanner . with the roadwarrior 3 , you can scan your receipts , business cards , magazine articles , newspaper clippings and even photographs fast . this versatile compact portable scanner will handle any document up to 8.5 '' ( 216 mm ) wide and 32 '' ( 813 mm ) long and convert to pdf , jpg and most popular file formats . roadwarrior 3 includes a powerful suite of bundled software designed to help you organize and find the information important to you . once all of your papers are scanned and organized , you can easily send them and share the valuable information they contain with your team , clients or headquarters . when you scan documents into a searchable pdf format , that information can be shared with anyone and quickly found later when it is needed . weighing a little more than a 12 oz bottle of water with dimensions similar to a rolled up magazine , it packs easily in a laptop bag and is powered by the usb port so you can scan anywhere even when ac power is unavailable .
dell computer c2665dnf color printer with scanner , copier and fax . collaborate and share documents easily with a smart , feature-rich printer offering single sign-on access to multiple cloud storage services with dell document hub .
xkttsueercrr samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 p5200 bluetooth alloy keyboard fashion case for samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 p5200 p5210 ( silver white ) .
tach-it mn2 2 '' wide economical tape gun . mn2 : versatile all steel framed carton sealer has an adjustable brake and spring loaded non-reversing tape gate . the tach-it mn2 is lightweight , works on carton sealing tapes up to 2 wide and is the more durable dispenser in the market at this low cost price point .
kings brand black metal with wood adjustable laptop cart stand table .
vtech cs6859-4 dect 4-handset landline telephone with answering system . vtech cordless telephone with 4 handsets , digital answering system , caller id call waiting , backlit keypad and display , voicemail indicator , redial , flash , mute and volume control .
field notes pitch black dot grid memo books , 3-pack ( 3.5x5.5-inch ) . field notes , pitch black edition 3-pack contains 3 , 3.5 x 5.5 memo pads with french 100-lb blacktop covers featuring stealth gray text and 48 dot graph pages . manufactured in america the field notes pitch black memo book is bound with shiny black staples , made from heavyweight , durable materials and contains an all-new list of practical applications .
epson workforce wf 3530 wireless color printer with scanner , copier and fax . engineered for business the workforce wf-3530 is the hassle-free , high-productivity all-in-one that brings your business the worlds fastest 2-sided print speeds , plus automatic 2-sided printing copying scanning . this durable performer comes with a 500-sheet paper capacity , so youll reload paper less often . robust paper handling features include a 30-sheet adf , plus a rear paper feed to handle specialty paper including envelopes and thick media types . use the 2.5 '' lcd and intuitive touch panel to easily navigate through pc-free tasks . and , get up to 40 % lower printing costs vs. color lasers . the wf-3530 even includes wired and wireless connectivity for easy networking . plus , it features epson connect to print and scan from anywhere . keep your business running at full speed with the fast , affordable , versatile workforce wf-3530 . high-speed faxing - fax in as fast as 3 seconds per page , save up to 180 pages in memory , and store up to 60 numbers . using the included pc-fax , you can even send a color fax right from your computer . its a great way to save time and paper .
sentrysafe h0100 fireproof waterproof box with key lock , 0.17 cubic feet , black . the sentrysafe h0100 fireproof box and waterproof box provides ul classified fire protection , etl verified water protection and a privacy key lock for added security . a continuous 360 waterproof seal completely insulates the interior of this safe to keep your items intact in the event of a flood . fire-safe waterproof chest ul classified 1 2-hour proven fire protection . etl verified waterproof . privacy key lock . convenient carrying handle . fire-safe waterproof chest . ul classified 1 2-hour proven fire protection . etl verified waterproof .
innovative evo 5800 series lcd led pole arm mount gloss black . evo monitor arm exceptionally sleek mount which suspends a monitor above the work surface . easily adjust monitor height and position . the evo pole arm is loaded with user-friendly features , such as a quick-install vesa bracket and integrated mount handle ( for speedy setup ) . monitor pivot landscape to portrait monitor tilt 90 up , 20 down from center integrated quick-install quick-release of monitors easy height adjustment of arm on pole pivot , tilt and rotate monitor support monitors up to 20 lbs ( 9 kg ) integrated cable management keeps the desk organized standard desk clamp mount with integrated handle , and also compatible with innovative slatwall and slatrail mounts environmentally-friendly manufacturing methods , and extensive use of recycled and recyclable components
wolverine f2d super 20mp 4-in-1 film to digital converter . now you can take all those stacks of 35mm , 126 , 110 slides negatives and super 8 movies and convert them into digital jpeg images to share and preserve them forever . wolverine has created a very simple to use device to convert all your film into to 20 megapixels digital images in seconds . so simple to use , it only requires a push of a button . no computer or software is needed . use it right out of the box to convert all your film by plugging it into an ac outlet or any usb port . all images are saved into its internal memory or optional sd sdhc memory card , up to 32gb capacity . easily connects to any windows pc or mac , to offload images or view on tv ( tv cable not included ) .
nikon af-s nikkor 55-300mm f 4.5-5.6g ed vr zoom lens with 5-year nikon usa warranty : bundle includes nikon lens pouch , nikon lens hood , 3-piece 58mm filter kit , cap keeper and lens cleaning kit . the nikon af-s nikkor 55-300mm f 4.5-5.6g ed vr zoom lens ( 2197 ) is a compact 5.5x zoom lens for dx-format d-slr cameras . it 's equivalent to 82.5-450mm in fx format . this lens is an excellent choice for travel , landscapes , portraits , and distant subjects . the lens focuses to 4.6 ' at every focal length - this versatility ensures stunning close-up shots of subjects near and far .
tt-ds004 handheld scanner is no more selling . taotronics - technology enhances life features : -easy free hand scanning : docked and usb cabel plugged in with auto-feed . -docking directly connect : powered by use usb cable to connect pc and scan directly . -2-in-1 portable scanner : flexible use of the scanner with or without docking . -bigger color display : 1.4 ' tft color display shows image . -higher resolution and better effect : up to 900dpi.-more file format selection : pdf is availablespecifications : -image resolutions : 900 600 300 dpi ( default ) -display : mono display 1.4 '' '' tft lcd display-scanned file format : jpeg , pdf . -memory : support micro sd card up to 16gb.-color : black power supply : -handy scanner : usb cable or 3*aaa alkaline batteries ( not included ) -docking station : usb cable or 6*aa alkaline batteries ( not included ) -automatically powers off in approx . 3 minutes when not use-support to connect ipad tablets for download scanned pictures-system requirement : windows xp sp2 , windows 7 , vista , mac os 10.4 or above -ocr software compatibility : windows xp sp2 , windows 7 , vista -dimension & weight : handy scanner : 258*35*22mm 154g-docking station : 280*80*58mm 310g package includes : -1 x scanner -1 x docking -1 x user 's manual -1 x usb cable -1 x software cd note : -make short adjustments in the document 's alignment before proceeding to scan it . once you aligned the document it will move quickly andsmoothly through the feeder . -ocr software not applied to mac
panasonic kxtg2722w kx-tg2722w kx-tg2722w dect 6.0 plus cordless phone w answering machine , 2 handsets - white . calling features : mute , call transfer , eco mode , flash function , dial back function , call waiting , phonebook , caller id telecommunication features : line in use indicator , handset paging locator , customizable ringtones , alarm clock , speakerphone , caller id , caller id log , handset to handset intercom answering machine features : digital message counter , remote access , day time stamp display features : battery level indicator , call timer , new call indicator , date and time , 3-line lcd screen , voicemail indicator , backlit lcd wireless frequency band : dect 6.0 plus number of incoming lines : 1 number of mailboxes : 1 message recording capacity : 18 min number of caller ids stored : up to 50 names and numbers phonebook memory locations : 50 shared screen size : 1.4 `` screen resolution : 64 x 32 wireless standard : dect 6.0 maximum operating range : up to 165 ' indoors number of handsets included : 2 maximum number of handsets :
sharkk bluetooth headset handsfree bluetooth 4.0 stereo headphone with charging dock for iphone 5s 5c 5 4s 4 , galaxy s4 s3 and all smasung and android bluetooth devices ( bt 4.0 ) . featuring an advanced a2dp profile and equipped with the very latest in bluetooth ( v4.0 ) technology , the sharkk bluetooth headset is the perfect , must-have cell phone companion . the sturdy charging dock with vehicle air-vent mount ( included ) makes it easy to charge your device at home , at the office or on the go . bluetooth v.4.0equipped with the very latest in bluetooth technology , the sharkk bluetooth headset featuresall the cutting edge bluetooth capabilities such as a2dp and multipoint connection . extended functionalitythe sharkk bluetooth headset is equipped with all the bells and whistles , including : call transferring , voice dialing , call waiting and more multipoint connectionconnect your device to multiple cell phones at the same time , all while retaining full handset-like control over simultaneous incoming calls . voice promptsthe sharkk bluetooth headset features sophisticated voice prompting softwareto help guide you through the use of different modes and settings . designed for max comfortthe bluetooth headset includes form-fitted ear-gels , custom designed for maximum in-ear comfort and improved sound channeling . sharkkthe sharkk lifestyle brand is pleased to be able to offer a wide range of consumer accessories across many different product categories . keyboards , tablet and phone cases , speakers and wallets are but a few of the items that make up our extensive online catalog.here at sharkk , the quality of our products and the satisfaction of our customers are the two greatest passions of our enterprise , as we endeavor to bring you top quality items at competitive prices .
houseoftoners remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for hp cn684wn ( black , cyan , magenta , yellow , 5-pack ) . 5 pack remanufactured hp 564xl new generation inkjet cartridges 1-hp cn684wn - remanufactured in usa black yields 550 pgs 1-hp cn685wn cyan yields 750 pgs 1-hp cn686wn magenta yields 750 pgs 1-hp cn687wn yellow yields 750 pgs 1-hp cr277wn photo black yields 290 pgs *this pack contains a photo black which goes in printers with ( 5 ) cartridge slots . * for use in the following printers : photosmart series : 7510 7515 7520 7525 b8500 b8550 b8553 b8558 c309 c309a c309g c310 c410a c410b c410e c510 c510a c5300 c5324 c5370 c5373 c5380 c5383 c5388 c5390 c5393 c6300 c6324 c6340 c6350 c6375 c6380 c6383 c6388 d5400 d5445 d5460 d5463 d5468 d7500 d7560 photosmart estation photosmart premium photosmart premium aio photosmart premium fax photosmart touchsmart .
e-z ink ( tm ) remanufactured ink cartridge replacement for epson 200 ( ( 4 ) black , ( 2 ) cyan , ( 2 ) magenta , ( 2 ) yellow ) .
hirsh industries 20 '' deep box-box-file mobile pedestal in charcoal . hirsh hl10000 series mobile pedestal file cabinets with full-width drawer pulls are available in 20 '' and 23 '' deep and 2 and 3 drawer combinations . commercial grade mobile pedestal file cabinets are built for higher volume work environments and accommodate letter-size hanging files . includes hidden casters for mobility and full extension file drawers and box drawers . store your office essentials in the box drawers for easy access .
uattend bn6000 biometric fingerprint time clock . the bn6000 is part of the most cost-effective time and attendance system available anywhere ! this state-of-the-art time clock connects effortlessly to any network and transmits all data to the internet , allowing you to perform time and attendance functions from any computer with internet access . the system allows employees to punch in and out from the bn6000 , from a computer , iphone or android application , or from a touchtone telephone , as determined by the system administrator .
smead cascading wall organizer , 6 pockets , letter size , gray bright ( 92060 ) . the cascading wall organizer saves desk space by utilizing often overlooked wall space . the 6 cascading pockets are removable to make viewing and access to documents easy . an elastic cord closure allows for secure and easy transport . colored pockets each hold 25 sheets . clear pocket on front allows for extra storage . convenient loop on top for easy hanging . durable poly material is tear proof and moisture resistant . blank label sheet included .
amzdeal a3 paper cutter 17 '' trimmer machine easily cut 80g paper 400 sheets high or approx 1.5 '' hardened steel blade industrial precise and thick high quality . manual paper cutter trimmer ( yg-858 a3 ) is designed for paper cutting up to 400 sheets ( for 80g a3 paper ) in one operation . right out of the box you will notice the high quality of this machine . the paper cutting machine is ideal for cutting the a3 paper and card into half or smaller sizes ( 17 '' inches cutting width ) . the adjustable side guage and firm clamping system assure a clean straight cut every time . you also can use it as a desk top cutter . technical parameters 1.model : yg-858 a3 2.base size : 25.5 '' x 19.25 '' x 2 '' 3.overall size : 25.5 '' x 19.25 '' x 12.75 '' ( including cutting bar ) 4.maximum cutting width : 17 '' 5.best cutting size : under a3 paper 6.maximum cutting capacity : 400 sheets high or approx 1.5 '' ( for 80g a3 paper ) 7.package dimension : 30 x 21 x 11 '' 8.package weight : 58.4 lbs features : 1. all heavy duty steel base 2. easy to operate , sturdy , heavy duty construction . 3. non skid pads for table top use . 4. optional heavy duty , well balanced , sturdy stand . 5. computer generated grid in inches ( down to 1 8 '' ) for precise cuts . 6. surface protected with scratch resistant coating . 7. hardened precision steel blade customized at the factory . 8. new innovative floating side gauge . 9. easy-lock safety lever prevents cutting until released . note : in transit or during the unloading process , may cause the gauge pointer position disordered , in this case , please return to zero manually for your initial use .
panasonic kx-tg9542b dect 6.0 2-line cordless phone w link-to-cell & 2-handsets + 2-pack 2 line handset for kx-tg954x . with 2 landlines and link-to-cell via bluetooth , 3-line simultaneous communication is possible . up to 6 handsets can be kept on standby at the same time . up to 4 cell phones can be registered.the 2-line answering system is used separately for ordinary contacts , emergency contacts , etc . very useful in a variety of situations , such as when using two separate lines for private and business use.if the power goes out , the phone will operate using 2 aaa batteries so you dont miss a call.you can block annoying calls from unwanted callers . calls from the call block list or without phone numbers will be blocked if they call you . the kx-tg954x disconnects the call and emits no sound to the caller .
hp envy 4501 e-all-in-one inkjet printer . hp envy 4501 e-all-in-one printer
ts compatible ink cartridges replacement for b - lc103 xl ( 4 black , 2 yellow , 2 magenta , 2 cyan 10-pk ) for mfc-j4510dw mfc-j4610dw mfc-j4710 mfc-j470dw mfc-j475dw mfc-j870dw mfc-j875dw . model : brother lc101 xl lc103 xl ink cartridges ( non-oem ) page yield : page yield ( approx ) : 550 ( black ) and 500 ( color ) for use with : brother mfc-j4310dw printer brother mfc-j4410dw printer brother mfc-j4510dw printerbrother mfc-j4610dw printerbrother mfc-j4710dw printer brother mfc-j470dw printerbrother mfc-j475dw printer brother mfc-j870dw printerbrother mfc-j875dw printer user manual confirm your printer model is compatible with these cartridges before placing order . tear off the plastic bag outside the cartridges then directly install them into printer . if an error shows up on the computer , please click `` ok '' , then the printer will go on to print after new cartridges installed , if streaks occur , try re aligning your printer heads , then hit your printer clean option and that should take care of this issue . if the printer does not recognize your cartridges , please take them out and install again.please contact us with any issues you have with these cartridges , customer service is our number 1 priority , and we will make sure your satisfied . thank you
new york toner cartridge replacement compatible with brother tn221 , tn225 ( 2 black , 1 cyan , 1 yellow , 1 magenta , 5-pack ) ( tn221 2xb and tn225 1xcym ) . toner cartridge replacement compatible with brother tn221 , tn225 ( 2 black , 1 cyan , 1 yellow , 1 magenta , 5-pack )
12 pcs crystal touch screen stylus multifunctional pen .
satechi f1 smart monitor stand with 4 usb ports and headphone microphone extension ports  compatible with 21.5-inch imac , macbook pro , macbook , dell , pc , samsung and more ( white ) . the satechi f1 smart monitor stand is the perfect companion for your monitor , laptop , or all-in-one computer . the f1 smart monitor stand simplifies and organizes your desk , while maintaining a clean , functional style . organize your desk space creates a sleek , yet functional work space by elevating your monitor screen , increasing desk storage and adding usb ports . includes two sets of adjustable aluminum legs to customize to your personal preference . convenient usb ports this monitor stand features 4 usb 2.0 ports , allowing you to easily connect your usb devices to a convenient location underneath your monitor . quickly and efficiently transfer data between your computer and camera , smartphone , music player , tablet , flash drive , and external hard drive at rates up to 480mbps . audio ports next to the usb ports are headphone and microphone jack ports - use these to connect headphones or speakers to your computer , as well as a microphone for voice chat or speech-to-text software . compatibility supports most desktops , monitors , printers and laptops up to 22lbs . not recommended for 27 imacs . 1 year manufacturer warranty
new wobble stool adjustable height active sitting balance perching chair for office standing desk best tall swivel ergonomic stability sit stand up perch stool . wobble stool is the perfect chair for active sitting . this ergonomic office stool creates a healthier sitting environment by moving with you throughout the day - safely rock , swivel , tilt , lean and burn calories while sitting . wobble stool is the perfect standing desk stool , adjusting high enough to let you perch near standing height , making the move between sitting and standing fast and effortless . - balance stool : wobble stools patented base lets you sit still or gently rock , tip , twist , lean and swivel 360. move more and sit actively with this unique office balance stool . - standing desk stool : the best perching stool for standing desks . the height adjustable wobble stool extends to 33 '' , letting you rest from standing without going all the way down to a normal height chair . wobble stool is easy to sit on and quick to get up from . - comfortable office stool : new round , dimpled seat is engineered for better comfort ! wobble stool has a 3+ thick seat cushion made of premium molded foam that waterfalls over the edgeless seat frame and is covered with a premium fabric for a cool , comfortable seat . - durable rounded base makes it easy to rock , swivel and move around while sitting . you do n't need to be in constant motion or balance because the special base design allows you to sit comfortably in a stationary ( non-balancing ) position . - tall adjustable height wobble stool ( 23-33 '' ) : lets you sit higher and stand up more frequently during the workday . - non-skid base securely grips most floor surfaces including carpet , wood , tile . product specs * height range : adjustable ~23-33 * seat diameter : ~13 , round dimpled shape * seat material : premium , 3+ thick custom-molded high-density foam . fabric cover * product weight : ~20lbs * assembly : simple 4-step assembly no tools required no screws takes 1 minute or less . uncaged ergonomics designed and exclusively manufactures the wobble stool using best-in-class production methods . watch out for copycats and knock-offs .
epson tm-t20ii direct thermal printer usb - monochrome - desktop - receipt print c31cd52062 . epson tm-t20ii direct thermal printer usb - monochrome - desktop - receipt print c31cd52062
amazonbasics 6-sheet cross-cut paper and credit card shredder . an amazon brand .
new pu leather high back office chair executive task ergonomic desk . high back `` executive styling '' with lumbar support.360 degree swivel for the chair.pneumatic gas lift for instant height adjustment.heavy duty base.weight limit : 250lb . add sensible style to your home office or at-work space with this bestchair high back leather office chair . its modern profile and sophisticated appearance offer a professional look for any location , while smooth contours and adjustable settings allow for all-day comfort .
grandstream gs-gxp2160 enterprise ip telephone voip phone and device . grandstream networks gxp2160 enterprise ip telephone
canon office products mx532 wireless office all-in-one printer . view larger view larger wireless printing made easy printing has never been more convenient with the pixma mx532 wireless office all-in-one printer . perfect for people on the go , its many convenient features include pixma printing solutions ( pps ) , which allows you to print or scan photos and documents from your compatible mobile device . and with the pps cloud printing function you can print directly from select popular online cloud services , such as picasa web albums , flickr , facebook , twitter , and dropbox , with your mobile device using the free pps app . additional features include auto duplex printing , which allows you to automatically print on both sides of the paper and can help reduce paper usage and cost by up to 50 % . plus , an automatic document feeder holds up to 30 sheets , making it easier to copy , scan or fax multiple page documents . auto document feeder ( adf ) , ae ( auto exposure ) copy , borderless , fit-to-page , preset copy ratios , frame erase copy , zoom 25 % - 400 % auto scan mode9 , network scan , push scan , scan to memory ( usb ) 1200 x 2400 dpi ( optical ) , 19,200 x 19,200 dpi ( interpolated ) , adf : 600 x 600 dpi ( optical ) answering machine connectivity , caller rejection , check rx fax info. , fax reception reject , fax number re-entry , memory transmission , redial , remote reception 33.6 kbps ( super g3 color fax ) high resolution : 4800 x 1200 maximum color dpi3 produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos . fine : features full-photolithography inkjet nozzle engineering ( fine ) with a patented print head firing ink droplets as small as 2pl . 4 color cartridge system : integrates the fine print head and ink into one compact unit for easy replacement . borderless photos fast : print a beautiful , borderless 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 46 seconds.5,13 print documents and web pages fast : print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 9.7 images per minute ( ipm ) for black and 5.5 images per minute ( ipm ) for color.4 fully-integrated , 30-sheet duplex auto document feeder : easily copy , scan and fax multiple documents without having to load them one page at a time . enjoy full integration so the printer can better fit in tight workspace areas as well as automatic two-sided copying and scanning . built-in auto duplex printing : automatically print on both sides of the page without the hassle of turning it over manually . this can reduce your paper consumption and cost by up to 50 % . my image garden : my image garden software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy with great facial recognition , special filters , calendar organization , automatic layout suggestions and so much more ! 7 fast front : quickly change ink or add paper at the front of the printer . creative park premium : an exclusive service for users of genuine canon inks , offering access to photos , templates and more.8 quiet mode : this considerate feature lets you print anytime without worrying about disturbing those around you . auto scan mode : automatically recognizes the type of original , then scans and saves it with the suitable settings.9 built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house.1 pixma printing solutions ( pps ) : pixma printing solutions ( pps ) lets you print and scan photos or documents from your mobile device using the free pps app.2 airprint : print wirelessly and effortlessly from your compatible iphone , ipad , or ipod touch no drivers needed ! 10 google cloud print : allows users to print from gmail and google docs on a mobile device , and from google chrome browser for mac , windows , linux , and chrome devices . with google cloud print , you can print from wherever you are , from applications you use every day . you can even share your home and work printers with anyone you choose.11 super g3 fax : the high speed business fax15 standard for color and pc facsimiles on plain paper meets the home office workhorse with 19 coded speed dials and memory for up to 50 incoming pages.17 hi-speed usb : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers .
canon mx472 wireless all-in-one inkjet printer ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . maximize your daily efficiency with the pixma mx472 wireless office all-in-one printer . the pixma mx472 excels in connectivity . with google cloud print and air print , you can print wirelessly from your compatible smartphone or tablet from virtually anywhere around the office . it 's loaded with timesaving features as well , including an automatic document feeder which holds up to 30 sheets . and when it comes time to change ink or add paper , the fast front feature makes it quick and easy-right at the front of the printer ! plus , the optional xl or xxl pigment black ink cartridges mean you can print longer before having to replace your cartridges . ; ; another great feature of the pixma mx472 is my image garden software . my image garden puts all your favorite printing features , such as special filters and full hd movie print , in one convenient software application . it helps you organize your photos with calendar view and facial recognition .
canon pixma ix6820 wireless business printer with airprint and cloud compatible , black . view larger view larger make your larger-than-life business ideas a reality help your business ideas get noticed with the pixma ix6820 wireless inkjet business printer . the pixma ix6820 is the ideal office printer , able to output everything from 4  x 6  mailers to 11  x 17  spreadsheets  even big 13  x 19  presentation charts . you  ll be impressed by the quality . with 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi , it delivers exceptional printing detail . and with five individual ink tanks , you  ll not only get amazing color , you can replace only the color that runs out . the pixma ix6820 helps to streamline your productivity with exclusive , downloadable solution templates . say goodbye to the hassle of having to create every document from scratch . another valuable feature of the pixma ix6820 is my image garden software . my image garden puts all your favorite printing features , such as special filters and full hd movie print , in one convenient software application . it also helps you organize your photos with calendar view and facial recognition . plus , creative templates in various color combinations and patterns help to inspire your photo projects . in addition , you  ll have access to creative park premium where you can download exclusive creative projects and content . superior resolution : 9600 x 2400 maximum color dpi produces incredible quality and detail in both your business documents and photos.4 five individual ink tank system : this high performance 5-color ink system consists of four dye-based inks for professional looking photos . a pigment-based black ink produces exceptionally crisp text . 1 picoliter : 1-picoliter sized ink droplets produce sharp , exceptionally detailed photos . print documents and web pages fast : print documents and web pages with fast speeds of 14.5 images per minute ( ipm ) for black and 10.4 images per minute ( ipm ) for color.6 borderless photos fast : print a beautiful , borderless 4 '' x 6 '' photo in approximately 36 seconds.5 , 12 chromalife100+ : this system combines enhanced fine print head technology with select genuine canon photo papers and inks for beautiful borderless photos that will last up to 300 years when stored in an archival-quality photo album.7 full hd movie print : full hd movie print software turns your favorite hd movie clips captured with select canon eos digital slrs , powershot digital cameras and vixia camcorders into beautiful prints.8 my image garden : my image garden software makes organizing and printing your photos fun and easy with great facial recognition , special filters , calendar organization , automatic layout suggestions and so much more ! 9 creative park premium : an exclusive service for users of genuine canon inks , offering access to photos , templates and more.10 quiet mode : this considerate feature lets you print anytime without worrying about disturbing those around you . auto power on : this convenient feature automatically powers up the printer whenever you send a photo or document to be printed . solution templates : exclusive downloadable posters and business documents . built-in wireless : print and scan wirelessly from any wi-fi enabled computer around the house.1 pixma printing solutions ( pps ) : pixma printing solutions ( pps ) lets you print and scan photos or documents from your mobile device using the free pps app.11 airprint : print wirelessly and effortlessly from your compatible iphone , ipad , or ipod touch  no drivers needed ! 2 google cloud print : allows users to print from gmail and google docs on a mobile device , and from google chrome browser for mac , windows , linux , and chrome devices . with google cloud print , you can print from wherever you are , from applications you use every day . you can even share your home and work printers with anyone you choose.3 ethernet : this wired lan interface lets you connect to a home or office network . hi-speed usb : plug the cable into your pc for a super-fast connection for your data transfers .
parker im black with golden trim , fountain pen , medium nib ( 1760799 ) . do n't let the low price fool you . parker 's i.m . is a fine writing instrument engineered in high-quality metal . the parker i.m . fountain pen smartly re-works parker 's expertise in matching form with function . from its iconic arrow clip to its brushed metal grip , parker has carefully redesigned every detail to reject superfluous detail in favor of comfort , practicality and intelligence . the parker im 's contemporary tapered shape meets the versatile appeal of metal in a modern retake of parker 's style .
4pk eps replacement hp 305a ce410a ce411a ce412a ce413a toner set for hp laserjet pro 300 400 . eps premium compatible toner cartridges offer great print quality and reliable performance for fast , professional quality color printing . eps toner come with lifetime warranty . please contact eps directly for any questions . customer support is 24 7. company info is on the box .
grandstream enterprise ip phone gs-gxp2140 ( 4.3 '' color display , poe , power supply not included ) . the gxp2140 is a linux-based device with 4 lines , gigabit ports to guarantee the fastest possible connection speeds , 5 xml programmable soft keys for customization and 5-way voice conferencing to keep business users in-touch . by being compatible with grandstreams gxp2200ext extension module , the gxp2140 can offer users up to 160 speed-dial blf keys by combining up to 4 gxp2200exts to easily monitor presence and status of other extensions and transfer calls . hd audio and a 4.3 '' color lcd screen create high-quality calls and built-in bluetooth support allows for use of bluetooth headsets and transferring of phonebook and calls from paired mobile devices . this enterprise ip phone also features electronic hook switch support for plantronics headsets and a built-in usb port . the gxp2140 is perfect for enterprise & smb customers with the need for quality and versatility in their desktop communications . ( power supply not included )
brother hl-l2380dw wireless monochrome laser printer , amazon dash replenishment enabled . monochrome laser printer with wireless networking . convenience copying and color scanning . automatic duplex printing . mobile device printing over wireless network . fast print speeds up to 32 ppm . color touchscreen display .
gigablock cis ciss continuous ink supply system for epson expression xp 410 xp 400 xp 200 xp 300 wf-2520 wf-2530 wf-2540 .
lg popo portable picture mobile pocket printer pd239 for android ( 2.2 ) , ios ( 5.1 ) pink .
folding shopping cart double basket swivel wheel jumbo 360 easy rotation with free liner and cargo net by scf ( black with black liner ) . the perfect solution for shoppers on the go ! folds up for easy storage and swivels for easy movement . durable construction - jumbo size : folded height : 39.5 '' basket size : 17.75 '' x 15.75 '' x 23.5 '' back wheels : 9.5 '' x 1 ''
g-star technology money counter with uv mg counterfeit bill detection plus external display and 1 year warranty ( standard ) .
square reader for magstripe ( with headset jack ) . square credit card reader for iphone , ipad and android
samsung xpress c460w wireless multifunction color laser printer . sl-c460w xaa up to 4,800 x 4,800 dpi print , copy , scan 533 mhz dual cpu 128 mb 150 sheets cassette hi-speed usb 2.0 10 100 base tx wireless 802.11 b g n interface
pos retail point of sale system includes a commercial grade 10 inch touch screen tablet , scanner , printer and cash drawer . online inventory management with in depth sales analysis simplifies your job . .
band-it rubber co. black angler # 64 ( 3 1 2  x 1 4  ) premium platinum crepe rubber band , 1 pound bag ( approximately 350 per pound ) perfect for home , office , or fishing . all of our bands are available in different sizes and colors . over 365 sizes to choose form . we use all natural rubber giving you the highest in tensile strength and count per lb .
smart weigh digital shipping and postal weight scale , 110 lbs x 0.1 oz , ups usps post office scale .
digitnow film scanner with 22mp converts 126kpk 135 110 super 8 films , slides , negatives all in one into digital photos,2.4 '' lcd screen , impressive 128mb built-in memory . have any old 35mm films or slides ? here 's the perfect device to help you easily organize and externalize them . this jumbl scanner sports a powerful 14-megapixel sensor that reads every detail contained in your films and slides . you can choose between the standard 14-megapixel scan , or enable the built-in software interpolation , which applies some image magic and ups the quality to an astonishing 22 megapixels . at the touch of a button , the jumbl image digitizer will scan and convert your old memories into sharp , vibrant digital images in jpeg format . these can then be viewed on your computer or other device , or printed out as regular photos . with our film and slide scanner , all you need to convert your images are included in the box . there is no need for a computer connection to operate the jumbl scanner . it scans , and converts images on its own , making it a very portable , accessible solution for digitizing films and slides . scanning is also very easy and straightforward . simply load the film or slide onto the negatives or positives holder , respectively . follow the included instructions to slide the holder into place , and press the `` scan '' button when ready . snap ! your image has been converted and saved to the internal memory or an optional sd card . once scanning is complete , the built-in 2.4-inch color lcd screen will display your digitized image . a clever piece of software allows you to flip the scanned image around by pressing a few buttons . this helps compensate for user error during scanning , and also adds some flexibility with image conversion . in addition , you can also adjust scanning resolution , brightness and coloration in the easy-to-navigate capture menu . in the box you 'll find:1 x digital scanner 1 x usb cable 1 x negatives ( film ) holder1 x positives ( slide ) holder1 x ac dc adapter 1 x cleaning brush 1 x tv cable 1 x user manual
lg popo pocket photo 2 pd239 mini portable mobile photo printer +30 zink paper sheet for android & ios , pink .
ts 10-pk remanufactured for t127 ink cartridges 127 t1271 ( 4 blacks , 2 yellow , 2 magenta , 2 cyan ) .
bonsaii docshred 8-sheet high-serurity micro-cut paper cd credit card shredder with large 5.5 gallon wastebasket capacity and transparent window c156-c . perfect for your home office the bonsaii docshred c156-c simple features make it easy to use and perfect for your home office . it can shred all of your confidential information including paper documents , cds , dvds , and credit cards . have the security you wantbonsaii c156-c cuts paper into tiny pieces with high-security protecting . it can shred maximally 8 sheets of paper at a time into 5 32 by 2 5 inches ( 4x10mm ) . no hassle and easy operation c156-c micro-cut shredder features convenient handle design for lifting the shredding part more easily to empty the wastebasket when it is full . in auto mode , the shredding begins automatically when the sensor in the middle of the feed slot detects paper inserting . if the shredder is jammed due to shredding exceed paper , manual reverse can help clear it out . overheating protection bonsaii shredder is equipped with a motor overheating protection device and advanced cooling system . if the unit keeps shredding over its maximum 3-5 minutes running time and become overheated , it will shut off automatically for cooling down 30-40 minutes to protect the motor .after the shredder cool down , it will restart automatically in the auto mode , so please do not pull out half implant paper violently . guarantee of repair please contact us if you have any problem on using this shredder , we guarantee of repair of this unit in 12 months from the date of first purchase , but should provided that the machine has been used appropriately.use tips : after each time you use , switch serveral times between auto and rev mode to clear out all jam or pieces in the cutter .besides , we recommend using lubricant sheets after 2 times per month or after 30-minutes shredding cycle to maintain shredder maximum performance .
newest 2.4g cordless handheld laser automatic barcode scanner ( 2.4g wireless + usb 2.0 wired ) , plug and play , usb rechargeable bar code reader , ultra-long battery life , with mini usb receiver and usb cable , support windows xp vista 7 8 8.1 . you can save $ 3 if you purchase the scanner with the adjustable stand ( b00kciox0i ) . sepcifications : resolution : 3mil processor : arm 7 72mhz wireless communication : 2.4g wireless transmission eeprom : 256 kb , storage of up to 2600 code entries nominal working distance : 6~30cm scan width : 30mm decode mode : single-line aiming decode rate : 100 decodes per second radio range : 10m visual range scan mode : auto off mode manual mode scanning angles : fanning : 30 ; horizontal : 75 ; vertikal : 65 light source ( laser ) : laser led 650+ -20nm battery : 1500mah lithium battery indication : beeper , led robust design : designed to survive free fall height of 1.50 m usb port : data interface is a standard usb-b 2.0 , easy to plug and more stable supported codes : codabar , code 11 , code 93 , msi , code 128 , ucc ean-128 , code 39 , ean-8 , ean-13 , upc-a , industrial 25 , interleaved 25 , standard 25 , 2 5 matrix compatible operating systems : windows xp vista 7 8 8.1 wince mobile support keyboard language : english french german spanish italian the scanner can not read fedex barcodes . package : -one 2.4g wireless laser scanner -one usb data cable -one mini usb receiver -one manual -one adhesive cable clip organizer ( a gift )
panasonic kx-tge275s 5-cordless handsets link2cell bluetooth corldess phone with answering machine , silver . the panasonic kx-tge275s dect 6.0 link2cell bluetooth enabled phone with answering system , base keypad and 5 cordless handsets , allows you to link up to two cell or smart phones and integrate them into the phone system via bluetooth . all of your contacts stored into your cell phone can be shared with this phone system allowing you access to their phone numbers right from the handset . these handsets can also vocally alert you when you have received a call or a text message . for those times when you 're running late and can not locate your cell phone , there is a cellular locate mode conveniently on both handsets and base that will guide you to your lost device . this model also features extra-large buttons and amplified volume , ideal for those who have a harder time seeing or hearing . power back up and advanced tad ( telephone answering device ) functions tie it all together making this system one of the most reliable and functional systems available in the market today .
panasonic kx-tge263s link2cell bluetooth enabled phone with answering machine , 3 cordless handsets . the panasonic kx-tge263s dect 6.0 link2cell bluetooth enabled phone with answering system and 3 cordless handsets , allows you to link up to two cell or smart phones and integrate them into the phone system via bluetooth . all of your contacts stored into your cell or smart phone can be shared with this phone system allowing you access to their phone numbers right from the handset . these handsets can also vocally alert you when you have received a call or a text message . for those times when you 're running late and can not locate your cell or smart phone , there is a cellular locate mode conveniently on handsets and base that will guide you to your lost device . this model also features extra-large buttons and amplified volume , ideal for those who have a harder time seeing or hearing . power back up and advanced tad ( telephone answering device ) functions tie it all together making this system one of the most reliable and functional systems available in the market today . technical assistance contact . - 1-800-211-7262
panasonic kx-tge233b expandable cordless digital phone with large keypad - 3 handsets . the panasonic kx-tge233b dect 6.0 plus amplified expandable digital cordless answering system , with 3 handsets , features extra-large buttons and amplified volume with a dedicated volume key , ideal for those who have a hard time seeing or hearing . enhanced noise reduction suppresses background noise around the caller while simultaneously enhancing their voice so it 's easier to hear them if they 're calling from a noisy location . to maximize clarity , the tone equalizer control actually lets you adjust bass , mid-range or treble tones in a caller 's voice . plus , a powerful battery back-up system keeps you connected even when the power goes out .
panasonic kx-tgd220n dect 6.0 expandable digital cordless answering system . the panasonic kx-tgd220n dect 6.0 plus expandable digital cordless answering system , with 1 handset , can handle up to six handsets on the same line ( additional handsets sold separately ) . this model takes on all of your day-to-day communication needs with an all-digital answering system , caller id , call block , silent mode , and more . this energy star unit has intelligent eco mode which automatically lowers the power consumption when you 're using the handset close to the base unit . dect 6.0 plus technology takes superb sound quality and outstanding range to a whole new level . and with the handset locator , you 'll never lose track of your handset again .
duke black fountain pen fude pen nib interchangeable calligraphy broad pen black leather pen case set . this item comes with one normal nib fountain pen ( 0.5mm ) , one fude pen nib intercheable part and one black leather pen case .you can write large thick writing ( 1.2mm ) to medium writing ( 0.7mm ) by varying the writing angle with the fude nib . if you want to write it in fine nib , you may write with it upside down . some buyer also call the fude nib as a western italic fountain pen . there is a spring in the converter of the pen , it prevents ink from freeze . it is normal , not defective . instructions on how to fill a fountain pen with bottle ink : https : youtu.be t8mfof7zpu8 instructions on how to fill a fountain pen with cartridge : https : youtu.be add-he8hrmm check more fantastic fountain pens in our store at : www.amazon.com shops lanxivi
samsung xpress m2070fw wireless monochrome laser printer with scan copy fax , simple nfc + wifi connectivity , amazon dash replenishment enabled ( ss296h ) . the samsung xpress m2070fw all-in-one laser printer is perfect for your home office and combines ease of operation with high performance at an affordable price . samsung xpress m2070fw laser printer delivers hassle-free mobile printing and all-around multifunction efficiency that are perfect for your cost-conscious soho work environment or home office . print from a usb drive or a range of mobile devices with quick and easy wireless printer installation . always get reliable quality for crisp black text with samsungs innovative imaging technology while saving up to 20 % on toner with samsungs easy eco driver . professional image quality : samsungs recp technology improves readability of printed and scanned documents by enhancing thin lines and sharpening edges . you get sharp , solid prints with an effective resolution of up to 1200 x 1200 dpi . fast print speeds : streamline your workflow and print up to 21 pages per minute , so you can spend more time producing and less time waiting . compact , ergonomic design : the printers small footprint saves space for your home office . and the two-tone design is well suited for todays modern office settings .
swissvoice epure digital cordless telephone ( dect ) model 20407166 , supports up to five handsets . epure comes with all essential telephone functions and combines a unique neo-retro design with indispensable technology : thanks to cordless telephoning , low-radiation full eco mode and high sound quality , epure offers maximum user comfort . epure - the perfect synthesis of design and function , a symbiosis of historical and technological developments .
hp officejet pro 8610 wireless all-in-one photo printer with mobile printing , hp instant ink & amazon dash replenishment ready ( a7f64a ) - discontinued by manufacturer . professional color for less than lasers : look professional with every page , using original hp pigment inks for vibrant , durable prints . set the pace for success with fast printing speedsup to 19 ppm black-and-white and 14.5 ppm color . attract new customers with borderless , double-sided marketing materials that help your business stand out . print on your terms : enable secure wireless printing from your mobile deviceno router or access to local network required . easily print photos , documents , and more when you 're on the go , using hp eprint . share all your printer has to offer , office-wide , using 10 100 ethernet connectivityit 's that simple . set a new pace for productivity : easily manage all your tasks and access appsjust tap and swipe the 2.65-inch ( 6.75 cm ) touchscreen . speed to success with fast double-sided printing of text documents and borderless color marketing materials . breeze through multipage documents , copies , and faxes , using the 35-page automatic document feeder . save up to 50 % on ink with hp instant ink : print high-quality documents and photos in black-and-white and colorall for the same low price . choose from three monthly plans depending on how much you printchange or cancel anytime . getting started with hp instant ink is quick and easy learn more at http : www.hpinstantink.com
brother hll8350cdw wireless color laser printer , amazon dash replenishment enabled . brother hl-l8350cdw series color laser printer- brthll8350cdw
samsung xpress m2020w wireless monochrome laser printer with simple nfc + wifi connectivity , amazon dash replenishment enabled ( ss272h ) . the samsung xpress m2020w printer is perfect for your home office and combines ease of operation with high performance at an affordable price . samsung xpress m2020w laser printer delivers hassle-free mobile printing and all-around efficiency that are perfect for your cost-conscious soho work environment or home office . quick and easy wireless printer installation gets you up and running fast . always get reliable quality for crisp black text with samsungs innovative imaging technology while saving up to 20 % on toner with samsungs easy eco driver . professional image quality : samsungs recp technology improves readability of printed and scanned documents by enhancing thin lines and sharpening edges . you get sharp , solid prints with an effective resolution of up to 1200 x 1200 dpi . fast print speeds : streamline your workflow and print up to 21 pages per minute , so you can spend more time producing and less time waiting . compact , ergonomic design : the printers small footprint saves space for your home office . and the two-tone design is well suited for todays modern office settings . 1. as of nov. 1 , 2017 , hp acquired samsungs printing business and samsung printers were added to the hp portfolio of products . samsung printers enjoy hps warranty support in accordance with warranty documents accompanying the products .
samsung xpress sl-m2835dw xaa wireless monochrome printer , amazon dash replenishment enabled ( ss346c ) ( ss346c # bgj ) . create crisp black-and-white prints from your smartphone or tablet using the xpress m2835dw printer from samsung . this printer features nfc technology , which enables you to print documents or manage printer settings wirelessly , with just a tap of an nfc-enabled mobile device . the m2835dw can print up to 29 pages per minute and offers an eco button and duplex printing to save on toner and paper . print directly from your mobile device.view larger google cloud print ready so you can print from anywhere . view larger eco button lets you save toner and paper and reduce energy consumption . view larger view larger the samsung xpress m2835dw printer is equipped for the samsung mobile print app . once you download the app , you can print straight from your mobile device without needing to install a new driver or configure network settings . the app is compatible with both android and ios devices . the printer is also google cloud print ready , enabling you to print from anywhere . just connect the printer to your google cloud print account and start printing from your mobile device wherever you 're located . google cloud print is compatible with smartphones , tablet pcs , google chromebooks , pc notebooks , and other web-connected devices . google cloud print also lets you securely share your printer with your friends , family , or co-workers . the m2835dw offers near field communication ( nfc ) printing , which is a wireless technology that enables your mobile device to connect to and communicate with your printer . simply tap your nfc-enabled phone or tablet to your printer , and the samsung mobile print app will automatically connect to the device , allowing you to print wirelessly with ease . the m2835dw delivers fast , high-quality results . powered by a cortex-a5 core processor , it prints at up to an impressive 29 pages per minute , making it a smart choice for a busy office environment . built-in recp technology sharpens the edges of text and prints at resolutions of up to 4,800 x 600 dpi to improve readability and picture quality . edge enhancement delivers clear text and crisp images with polished , well-defined edges . easy printer manager allows companies to remotely control settings , so business operations can run as smoothly as possible . this feature allows a manager to monitor multiple devices at once , as well as printer status , so error messages , empty paper trays , and low toner cartridges never go unnoticed . the printer is also built with a multipurpose tray that supports media weighing up to 59 lb . bond ( 220 gsm ) , meaning you can print onto labels , cards , and envelopes with one device . with just one push of the eco button , you can save toner and paper and reduce energy consumption . easy eco driver software saves up to 20 percent on toner by letting you remove images , convert them from bitmap to sketch , and remove text . you can also print multiple pages on one sheet , print with toner save mode , and skip blank pages . the eco simulator shows the estimated reduced amount of carbon dioxide , electricity , and paper . the m2835dw features standard automatic duplex . you can print on both sides of the page with ease , saving on the cost of paper and reducing environmental impact . samsung xpress m2835dw printer , toner cartridge , imaging unit , power cable , driver software cd , usb cable , warranty card , product registration card , service card , and quick installation guide . print 29 pages per minute . view larger product configuration . view larger
varidesk 49900 - height-adjustable standing desk - pro plus 36 - black .
canon imageclass monochrome laser printer , lbp6200d ( discontinued by manufacturer ) . canon imageclass monochrome laser printer lbp6200d monochrome laser printer . space saving design will fit right on a desktop , reduce paper use with automatic two-sided printing right out of the box . save time with print speeds of up to 26 pages per minute , first print in approx . 6 seconds . efficient energy saver mode uses approximately 1.3 watts , cutting energy usage and costs . the toner and drum are both combined into just one easy to replace canon cartridge 126 to help improve image processing and precise character and overall image quality . canon drivers for windows and linux os included , usb cable ( sold separately )
zonoz fs-one 22mp ultra high-resolution 35mm negative film & slide converter scanner w 2.4 '' tft lcd - no computer or software required - tv out cable included & worldwide voltage 110v 240v ac adapter . zonoz fs-one high-resolution 35mm negative film & slide scanner w 2.4 '' color lcd - no computer or software required to operate - tv out cable included . - the zonoz fs-one is the perfect device to scan and organize your old 35mm films or slides . the fs-one scanner houses an incredible 14mp sensor that converts every detail and color contained in your films and slides . with our unique built-in software , you can also increase your scanning quality to an amazing 22 megapixels . within seconds , the zonoz fs-one image scanner will scan , convert and save your old films and slides . you can now preserve your memories forever . with our zonoz fs-one film scanner , you wo n't need anything else to get started . using the film scanner is very easy with our intuitive design . just load the film or slide onto the negatives or positives holder , and and insert into place . once the image appears , press `` scan '' ! it is that easy ! your image has been scanned and saved to the fs-ones built in memory . items can also be saved to an sd card also ( sold separately ) . the zonoz fs-one also has some very convenient features like scanning resolution and brightness . you can also flip mirror images to eliminate some simple loading errors . this amazing and portable film scanner is all you need to convert your old 35mm films and slides into permanent memories ! -- -- -- -- what 's in the box : fs-one 35mm film & slide scanner , 38-inch usb to mini usb cable , negative film tray holder , positive slide tray holder , cleaning brush , 56-inch tv cable ( 3.5mm to rca video ) unit has ntsc pal video output , user manual , multivoltage 110v 240v ac adapter compatible for worldwide use ( simply add your countries type plug adapter ! not included )
epson workforce pro wf-4630 wireless color all-in-one inkjet printer with scanner and copier , amazon dash replenishment enabled . workforce 4630 wireless all-in-one inkjet printer
epson ( c11cc98201 ) workforce wf-7610 wireless color all-in-one inkjet printer with scanner and copier , amazon replenishment enabled . workforce 7610 wireless all-in-one inkjet printer
epson workforce wf-3640 wireless color all-in-one inkjet printer with scanner and copier , amazon dash replenishment enabled . workforce 3640 wireless all-in-one inkjet printer
epson workforce wf-3620 wifi direct all-in-one color inkjet printer , copier , scanner , amazon dash replenishment enabled . boost productivity for your small office with the workforce wf-3600 , a breakthrough all-in-one printer that gives you performance beyond lasertm . powered by epson 's new precisioncoretm printing technology , the wf-3620 produces fast , print-shop-quality color prints and laser-sharp black and color text . plus , save on ink ; get up to 40 percent lower printing cost vs. color laser . for added convenience , this wireless printer easily prints from tablets and smartphones . machine functions : copy ; fax ; print ; scan ; printer type : inkjet ; maximum print speed ( black ) : 19 ppm ; maximum print speed ( color ) : 10 ppm .
brother printer mfc-l8850cdw wireless color laser printer with scanner , copier and fax , amazon dash replenishment enabled . brother mfc-l8850cdw high-impact color printing and copying for your small business or workgroupview larger optional high-yield replacement color toners print 2x more than standard-yield toners.8view larger automatic duplex scanning captures both sides of a page in a single pass for fast copying , scanning , and faxing . 4.85 color touchscreen display for easy navigation of machine functions . multi-purpose tray for envelopes , letterhead , and other thicker media . versatile wireless options for printing from your compatible mobile device.6view larger connect the brother mfc-l8850cdw to your wireless or wired network to provide your entire workgroup with fast , reliable printing and copying of high-impact color documents , plus faxing and advanced scanning capabilities . it prints brilliant color and crisp black output at up to 2400 x 600 dpi for the professional results that your business reports , spreadsheets and presentations deserve . with print speeds up to 32ppm in both color and black , automatic duplex ( two-sided ) printing , plus time-saving single-pass duplex copying and scanning , you wont waste time waiting for your printouts , copies or scans to complete . whether youre printing color business documents , making copies , or scanning , the mfc-l8850cdw will help you get back to work - fast ! with an optical scan resolution of up to 1200 x 2400 dpi1 , the mfc-l8850cdw can scan single documents with stunning clarity via the legal-size document glass . single-pass duplex copying , scanning , and faxing captures both sides of a page in one pass , to help save time . scan multi-page documents up to legal size , using the 50-page capacity automatic document feeder . you can even scan multiple documents to a single pdf . scan to a variety of destinations , including file , image , ocr , e-mail , microsoft sharepoint2 , e-mail server3 , ftp , secure ftp , network folder ( cifs-windows only ) or to your usb flash memory drive4 plugged directly into the units convenient front access port . access popular cloud services directly from the 4.85 color touchscreen lcd display using the exclusive brother web connect interface5 . this allows you to scan to or print from specific cloud services using an internet connected brother mfc-l8850cdw without using a computer . access popular cloud services such as dropbox , br-docs , evernote , google drive , onenote , onedrive , and more . advanced scanning features including base color ( background ) removal , id scan2 , continuous scanning2 , and blank page skip2 help ensure your scans come out right the first time . scan documents to your compatible apple ios , android , kindle fire , or windows phone mobile device via the brother iprint & scan app6 . brother designed the mfc-l8850cdw to help businesses keep their printing budget in line . there are multiple ways to make the most of your printing dollar , including : its easy to install the mfc-l8850cdw on a wireless network or on a wired network via ethernet , or connect locally to a single computer via hi-speed usb 2.0 connection ( cable not included ) . plus , the usb direct interface on the front of the unit provides convenient walk-up printing from or scanning to your usb flash memory drive9 . and for organizations concerned with security , the mfc-l8850cdw offers several advanced security features including : secure print , secure function lock , ssl , enterprise security ( 802.1x ) , network user authentication via active directory ( ldap ) , and more . your workgroup and visitors to your office will appreciate the convenience of printing wirelessly6 from a compatible apple ios , android , kindle fire , or windows phone mobile device . print via airprint , google cloud print , the brother iprint & scan app , wi-fi direct , or cortado workplace . the mfc-l8850cdw features a 250-sheet capacity paper tray that adjusts to hold letter or legal paper and a 50-sheet capacity multi-purpose tray for envelopes and thicker media . if you want more paper capacity , youll really appreciate the ability to add a 500-sheet capacity add-on tray ( lt320cl ) 4 to expand to an 800-sheet total capacity that can help reduce time-consuming paper refills . 1. from document glass.2 . feature available using brother control center.3 . requires smtp pop3 mail server support . 4. additional purchase required.5 . requires internet connection and an account with desired service . 6. requires connection to a wireless network.7 . based on yields in accordance with iso iec 19798 ( letter a4 ) . 8. when comparing high-yield tn-336 c m y cartridges vs. standard-yield tn-331 c m y cartridge yields . 9. usb drive sold separately . print jpeg , pdf , and xps files .
panasonic kx-tg465 link-to-cell bluetooth convergence dect 6.0+ phone with answering machine , 5 cordless handsets . panasonic kx-tg465sk link-to-cell bluetooth dect 6.0 cordless phone - 5 handsets .
