i did n't receipt the cartridges in it 's original box , then i do n't know expiration date . i 've used just one of them and it works good . sometimes these date is only for assurance and the cartridge works good a lot of time more .
i purchased this same cartridge for my hp1200 printer , and i have purchased the same cartridge in the past . i have used this newer cartridge yet , but i would expect it to work as good as in the past .
expired ink is usually sold very cheap , and often works just as well as unexpired ink . i have several times ordered it and used it same as new supply . the one time i ordered expired and it was totally dried out and would not work , i contacted seller and asked to return it and i would send back as proof of defective unusable cartridges . seller simply gave me a refund of product and shipping and did not want the item -- told me to just throw it away . purchase was risk free and i did get some great values on the expired stuff that worked just fine .
the expiration date is stamped on the outside of the cartridge.also some cartridges have a date coded chip inside and if it expired , it wil not allow the printer to print , until you put a new un-expired ink cartridge in .
i am not the seller . i do n't know why this came to me . maybe you sent it to me as a reviewer rather than a seller . try sending them a question again . good luck
no , i wish i did .
i believe it is the original .
it has a headphone-style connector but it does n't have a cable along with it . hope that helps .
the calculator will come with a cord and computer software , however , it is battery powered , so you do not have to attach it to the computer unless you want to . you will want to go to texas instruments website and download the complete ti-89 user manual , it is a *.pdf that is several hundred pages long but useful and free .
no , but it is really old and used
yes it in mylar packing , i only have 2
my package has no expiration date but i went away for more than a year and the cartridges were still good . refrigerating would extend that eve more . you could call epson if you really want to know .
yes . the ones i received were stock epson cartridges , but at a great discount ! just not in a fancy box , just the cartridges in the sealed bag .
transparencies only .
contact 3m directly .
yes
this projector is for transparancies only . however , office max makes 8x10 transparancies of 50 cents only.good luck .
very easy . i am usually really terrible with math , but i had no trouble with this calculator .
if you notice on the keyboard it has trig functions : sin , cos , tan with inverse trig functions as well . answer is yes .
the back of the calculator case has 6 small phillips-head screws which would need to be removed to change the internal battery . the back of the case has the following stamped into the plastic : `` battery lr44 x 1 '' . i interpret this to mean the calculator would require 1 lr44 battery , should it need replacing .
nope , it does n't work with complex number
the laserjet 5000n is 11x17 capable we do also sell new msc toners for this unit your cost will be 52.00 for the toner this is the high yield toner ( 10,000 pages ) the new toner would ship separate thanks ed
you are better off with a 5100. the 5000 has had some problems when it 's rebuilt . we 've had great success with the 5100
no , only black and white
i did n't know this was still for sale . if you are buying it , then you must be buying it refurbished , so it probably depends on the vendor whether a toner is included . i bought mine in 2000. it was a great black & white laser printer . it could print up to 12 x 18 inch paper in tray 1. some have a tray 2 and 3 as shown on the photo ; some have only a tray 2. read carefully , know what you are buying - that are not all the same .
yes
we have only used vellum paper in this printer and it works great
yes it works with windows 7 in my shop
no it is not included however once i connect the usb windows willautomatically download the drivers
no where on the package or on the inserted instructions does it say `` acid free '' , so i am inclined to say these are not archival safe . i myself use them in multimedia art projects . they print up beautifully . i seal my images with aileen 's matte spray sealer after printing .
i have a laser printer it worked fine .
the labels are not waterproof and will start to come off when wet . i use them for wine bottles and they are passable but i do n't think they would hold up as beer or water bottle labels . the running of the ink depends on the type of ink used . hp and epson seem to hold up but the label starts to come off when wet . you might want to get custom labels made that are designed to handle getting wet .
i believe it could be removed ( and re-used ) very easily as it is not excessively sticky . keep in mind that this paper is not high gloss like some other photo paper , it will not look quite as good as some stickers .
the labels are perforated and easy to seperate
1
no
mat
yes , plus you get custom label software with the purchase of one of the dymo label printers
you 'll have to get a driver . here 's a link that will help http : answers.microsoft.com en-us windows forum windows_8-hardware printer-not-recognized-by-windows-8 fbda9046-0066-4cef-9063-36634f9913e4if you are n't able to copy and paste the link , the google search i 've used for this situation iskxp 1150 for windows 8 driver and look for the microsoft answers . while you can go to the panasonic site for the driver , you will need to use the microsoft answers site to get the driver to load in compatibility mode . good luck .
i believe that it only works with windows 98 or before .
yes it will parallel port only
any grade works
i might hav one in my summer home . contact me after may 22
there is no pocket for a calculator but you could put one in the clear plastic envelope pocket
definitely ! my husband puts a full size ipad in it ( the full size ipad can not have a case on it and fit inside )
seven .
there 's no incline . it 's all on the same level .
yes , as long as the drawer is the appropriate height , width , and depth to fit it . the given measurements are correct . my sorter is currently in an armoire for easy access to files .
these are for light to medium office files . i have found them helpful for my office needs .
yes it does , and i love my new one . it holds tons of files , i even have a couple of 3-ring binders in it . exactly what i was looking for . also , since it 's not made out of that stiff plastic , i do n't have to worry about it discoloring over time or getting brittle and breaking . highly recommend this.actually , i just checked mine again , and it actually sits up off the table a little bit , resting on the legs at either end ( you can see one in the photo ) . the two end `` legs '' kind of hold the body of the thing up off the table top , so there is actually minimal contact . i can stick my fingers between the top of my table and the bottom of the main body of the thing , and it is full of files . yes it does , and i love my new one . it holds tons of files , i even have a couple of 3-ring binders in it . exactly what i was looking for . also , since it 's not made out of that stiff plastic , i do n't have to worry about it discoloring over time or getting brittle and breaking . highly recommend this.actually , i just checked mine again , and it actually sits up off the table a little bit , resting on the legs at either end ( you can see one in the photo ) . the two end `` legs '' kind of hold the body of the thing up off the table top , so there is actually minimal contact . i can ... » read more yes it does , and i love my new one . it holds tons of files , i even have a couple of 3-ring binders in it . exactly what i was looking for . also , since it 's not made out of that stiff plastic , i do n't have to worry about it discoloring over time or getting brittle and breaking . highly recommend this.actually , i just checked mine again , and it actually sits up off the table a little bit , resting on the legs at either end ( you can see one in the photo ) . the two end `` legs '' kind of hold the body of the thing up off the table top , so there is actually minimal contact . i can stick my fingers between the top of my table and the bottom of the main body of the thing , and it is full of files . « show less
yes it can i did tried it like that also. ,
i have dozens of 8.5 x 11 size correspondence filed in folders and the rolodex is sturdy . any papers larger than this size should be in folders also because they will stick out and will be more subject to wear and damage .
no . they are fixed in place .
about 2 1 4 inches wide .
a 3 '' binder will be too big . i have a 2 '' d ring binder in it & it stretches the dividers a bit .
no
pt size is the thickness of the business cards.. the bigger the pt size the more professional it feels , the smaller the pt size the more it feels like regular paper . for instance 11,12pt feel like normal printing paper 14 , & 16 pt feel like professional business cards
i would guess the weight is 30 # . it 's on the low end of acceptable weight for biz cards . i was a bit disappointed in the weight but it 's probably near the thickness limit of home printers .
the cards separate very easily . the perforations are so fine that the cards `` snap '' apart rather than tearing apart , and the resulting edges of the cards are very smooth .
i would guess it is a function of how you have the document set up on your computer , maybe there is an extra blank page there before your text . you can always try creating a new blank document and copying in just the information you need ( do n't use copy-all ) , that usually does the trick .
yes
they are clear with no texture or cloudiness . i like them !
it will protect one sheet of paper , remember the top is open . you can place two sheets back to back inside one protector . i use a long piece of tape to close the top when needed .
it 's no mylar but it is acid free . do n't know what you mean by `` thick '' magazine . i have fit two sheets in them comfortable but i did n't try any more ...
no . you can see through the back side as you do through the front .
amazon has them . see this url.bcw pro 20-pocket pages , pocket size : 2 '' x2 '' , 20 pages - coin collecting supplies
i do n't know . i suggest you find avery 's website - i did a search for your question about avery and came to their website . under 'help ' you can contact them and ask this question .
thank you for your inquiry . the clear sheet stores and protects 8-1 2 '' x 11 '' sheets of paper . if i can be of any further assistance please contact me .
they 're fairly lightweight , so i would think the heavier type of sheet protector would be better for photos .
there are 50 times the five individual sheets , or 50 sets worth . they are not packed in sets . hopes this helps .
i do n't know if they are 11 pt . manila , but they are just the same as a typical manila file folder . i like them . very cost effective .
there are 250 tabs in this set . that means their are 50 sets in the box that i purchased . this is double of what you need .
hi amy , yes ... these are heavy like a manila folder material . they have worked quite well for our school .
lower edge : 2 3 4 inchwidest : 3 inchesupper edge : 2 1 8 inchtop-to-bottom : 1 1 8 inchesinserts : 2 inches
yes
i think standard hanging folders all have slots across the top . you slide one side of the tag in one slot , bend the tag slightly , and slide the other side into another slot .
these are slightly different from reversaflex moulded tabs in that the labels are loaded from the sides whereas i think the reversaflex tabs load from the top . check out this link and read about reversaflex tabs : http : www.esselte.ca enca brands reversaflex.html . however , both pandaflex and reversaflex are products owned and made by the esselte corporation
i feel sure they do . i think i have pendaflex hanging folders . they seem to be pretty generic in size and shape . hope this helps .
25
they are 1 5 cut tabs .
2013 2014 2015 2016
a full year ... of two pages per day calendar
this is the `` classic size '' meant for the 7 ring organizers .
yes . 6 rings . just like the franklin planner binders .
yes
it came with a sticker with 2011 - 2012 - 2013 & 2014
the storage binder has 3 rings and it fit 7 hole papers just fine .
the 320 has 3 speeds that can be controlled with the buttons on the face or by the program . hsd is the fastest . utl is in the middle . nlq ( near letter quality ) is the slowest.the ml420 is a little faster and has 4 speeds.the other 2 responses are right on with their comments.if you are printing a lot of pages one page after another a laser printer is faster and quitter but the cost per page and the time of maintaining the printer will go up dramatically . the life of a laser printer is less then a forth of the life of a ml .
i ca n't answer your question because it does n't make any sense . rephrase your question .
not sure about tractor feed , but is adjustable for width . very good printer .
many come with usb ports . some do n't . just have to check the back of the printer . getting these to work with windows can be tricky however . good luck .
no
there should be white plastic rollers inside , which apply the pressure needed to hold the papers , etc . mine work great , so perhaps you received a defective item .
depends on how you mount it . if you use the sticky tape option , it might not handle , but if you use the included screws , and use the proper hardware ( for example , if hanging on drywall ) , then this should work nicely . my two are hung using the attached tape . i regularly hang fine art photo prints in my studio from it . 24x30 on heavy paper , two or three at a time . i love the ability to preview the prints i am working on in the proper wall placement , then easily swap them out as i move on . hope this helps .
hey martin , i use two of these daily for work to hang current job orders on . i am 95 % happy with it 1 year later . i 'm still trying to figure out why once in a while it does n't seem to act normal . that being said , it 's a great product . to answer your question specifically , yes ! it 's pretty easy . to release you have to lift up . to add is even easier . some things i hang is only one sheet , sometimes it 's as many as 9-10 sheets thick right next to it . the odd things i 'm talking about is ... sometimes they just fall ... no explanation . this has happened maybe 10 times in 1 year , not often for using everyday ! sometimes when i release , other papers close by will fall as well . bottom line , definitely would recommend ! hey martin , i use two of these daily for work to hang current job orders on . i am 95 % happy with it 1 year later . i 'm still trying to figure out why once in a while it does n't seem to act normal . that being said , it 's a great product . to answer your question specifically , yes ! it 's pretty easy . to release you have to lift up . to add is even easier . some things i hang is only one sheet , sometimes it 's as many as 9-10 sheets thick right next to it . the odd things i 'm talking about is ... sometimes they just fall ... no explanation . this has happened maybe 10 times in 1 year , not often for using ... » read more hey martin , i use two of these daily for work to hang current job orders on . i am 95 % happy with it 1 year later . i 'm still trying to figure out why once in a while it does n't seem to act normal . that being said , it 's a great product . to answer your question specifically , yes ! it 's pretty easy . to release you have to lift up . to add is even easier . some things i hang is only one sheet , sometimes it 's as many as 9-10 sheets thick right next to it . the odd things i 'm talking about is ... sometimes they just fall ... no explanation . this has happened maybe 10 times in 1 year , not often for using everyday ! sometimes when i release , other papers close by will fall as well . bottom line , definitely would recommend ! « show less
no magnet . the aluminum strip has plastic blocks that you push the paper up behind and the friction holds the paper in the strip . you remove the paper by sliding right or left . the short strips are held on the wall with double face foam tape . the longer strips come with brackets that can be screwed into the wall .
mine is 49 ''
you can do that if the sheets have some texture and are light weight . if you are trying to do that with `` shiny '' heavy bond paper it may not work . there is certainly room for very thick paper .
typing paper , card stock , even posterboard . maybe eve corrugated cardboard . i 've hung 30 '' x40 '' posters and 8x12 index cards .
pull the bottom of the paper towards you away from the wall and you should feel it release .
the mounting hardware is behind and not seen at the ends . the four i bought are each 46 7 8 '' long and paper can extend beyond the ends to allow for something wider . possibly the 48 '' refers to the general size of the bulletin board .
yes , but wo n't you wo n't be able to move it with your foot on carpet
about 1.875 '' .
neither . it is a heavy , but movable , stop to prop the door open . it has a rubberized , non-skid bottom to keep it from slipping on tile or wood floors .
yes and it looks better and there wo n't be any holes .
hard wired
you can store up to 50 names and numbers . refer to page 38 of the instruction book .
silence of course . i did not find that these phones worked well for very long .
50 according to the instruction book .
it would appear not . there are two ports , but they 've been labeled in a way that is unreadable . the larger point to consider is that there is almost nothing to like about this phone . did i mention that keypad pressure is much too firm ? or that i keep a flashlight by the phone because there is no back-lighting to help one read the display panel ? i bought this phone only because there seemed to be no attractive alternatives . sort of like the market for wireless tv headsets , as i 've discovered : the market offers no exceptional products .
it needs to be plugged in to electric
yes you can . place the call on hold , before you hang up the handset press the extension , announce the call and then hang up the handset .
the phone has a headset jack and the button to switch to headphone use . as long as plantronics headset has the standard jack it should work . i have not tried a headset with the phone .
i do n't know . but it did not work good here for me
yes , there are red lines to indicate nearing end of roll .
no - it 's just a single layer of paper . assuming you have a calculator or cash register that uses thermal printing , heat is what makes the mark on the paper , it wo n't work with the 2-part ( carbonless ) impact printers .
2.5 inches
inside diameter of plastic spool is 3 8 '' .
16 '' wide , 17 '' deep and about 4.5 '' tall .
the cash drawer comes with it own usb cable which can be plug into a pos receipt printer
yes it comes with keys
i have had no problem like that at all and it is handy when you need some place to put a purse , jacket , water bottle and so on
yes if it is not more than 150 pounds
we take ours on some pretty shabby sidewalks , and also the road during the winter , but our distance is just two or three blocks . the rear wheels are much larger than the front , so the cart works best when pulled behind you , tilted to feel comfortable , with the front wheels raised . it will follow you very well that way .
i would say no . the swivel wheels like to move around and get blocked too easily , even on fiarly good sidewalk . and to fold , they have to fold in , so could not just replae with better wheels .
if she has a purse with longer handles it would be a perfect place put it . if you 're talking about the larger basket , it is kind of low but usually bags have handles so you do n't have to bend all the way to the bottom .
this is a non-padded liner that i ordered and worked with this cart : 1 x cart liner with hood for laundry & shopping - dark blue
yes , but not as easy as it would like .
the handle is 39 '' when it is opened -- i am 5`7 '' tall and it is just a perfect height for me to use this cart . its very well built and easy to put to gather . the cart it is 27 '' from ground to the top .
wheels seem to be sturdy .
if you pull the cart and tilt it up on the back wheels it handles rough surfaces just fine , even gravel .
it 's a lot easier to use . the ti-83 requires the user to remember a lot more . it uses parentheticals to enter data , so the user must enter the required data in the required order , but there is no prompt . the ti-84 gives prompts for required data points such as mean , median , z-scores , critical values , etc . it also has more data packages than the 83 , so less work has to be done manually . i 'm kind of glad my 83 crapped out so i had to replace it ! : -p hope that helps .
the `` del '' key is the delete key , which is essentially the backspace you are looking for . i highly recommend this calculator for the features and price . ti-84 will get your son through high school and also help in college . in college you will most likely be needing something like a ti-89 though ( also has a del backspace key ) . : )
yes . it can be used and even beyond any calculus problem . i really enjoy the texas instrument for my statistic class . go for it .
the color calculator only had cords for hooking up to the computer . the non color one had a cd plus the cord .
it 's blackish
mine is black
no mine was the black one .
the cord is black on the red phone and it is an inch shy of 7 feet . you can replace it with any r11 cord , so you can extend the length to any size you want or make it any color - tan , white , clear - whatever .
the cable line is about 8 feet long , and the coiled phone cord is about 22 inches coiled . of course , the phone cord can be stretched out .
heavy gauge plastic . it 's good and solid . the phone is heavy , not as heavy as the old ones but still solid .
no
ren = 0.9b
the cord is only on the left side , not modular and very short .
no
mine is a true `` cardinal '' red ; rich , not burgundy , or orange-y . very pleased with mine .
yes on the bottom of the phone itself it has a switch for hi and low volume and a switch for on and off and pulse and rotary . the cord from the phone to the receiver is permanent ( can not be took out ) but the phone jack cord can be as long as you like it to be..
it 's pretty thin . i 've never tried using it to mount copy paper to copy paper though . i would look on the 3m website for the answer to this question . they may have an even better product for the purpose you 've described .
the product comes with a plastic scraper and cover sheet . i found the product unsatisfactory . i use scotch photo mount to bond my photos to a mounting board . i 've tried many adhesives and scotch is the best . the are a number of videos on you tube . good luck
my understanding is that the adhesive is technically not archival because after a short amount of time , the art is permanently mounted ( or at least permanently tacky because of the adhesive , so there 's no way to restore the art to it 's original condition ) . it is however non-acidic so it should not cause discoloration or yellowing over the years .
yes , i used it to mount a muslin pocket to the back page of a journal ; so far it is working well
nope , it 's not `` clear '' enough . the adhesive is a slight yellow and has a visible texture to it .
possible , but i would not try it . this is a good adhesive for prints and canvas , but i think the weight of glass would surpass the sheering strength of the bond . you might check with a glass shop and ask for something specific for your application .
a much more extensive , 187-page manual is available for download on the hp website . it offers a lot more information on how to solve for various equations than the user guide that comes with the calculator : http : h20565.www2.hp.com portal site hpsc template.binaryportlet public kb docdisplay resource.process ? spf_p.tpst=kbdocdisplay_ws_bi &spf; _p.rid_kbdocdisplay=docdisplayresurl &javax.portlet.begcachetok; =com.vignette.cachetoken &spf; _p.rst_kbdocdisplay=wsrp-resourcestate % 3ddocid % 253demr_na-c02989763-1 % 257cdoclocale % 253den_us & javax . ; portlet.endcachetok=com.vignette.cachetokeni also recommend buying the kaplan schweser book `` understanding your financial calculator , '' which contains step-by-step instructions for 10bii+ users to solve various financial equations . a much more extensive , 187-page manual is available for download on the hp website . it offers a lot more information on how to solve for various equations than the user guide that comes with the calculator : http : h20565.www2.hp.com portal site hpsc template.binaryportlet public kb docdisplay resource.process ? spf_p.tpst=kbdocdisplay_ws_bi &spf; _p.rid_kbdocdisplay=docdisplayresurl &javax.portlet.begcachetok; =com.vignette.cachetoken &spf; _p.rst_kbdocdisplay=wsrp-resourcestate % 3ddocid % 253demr_na-c02989763-1 % 257cdoclocale % 253den_us & javax . ; portlet.end ... » read more a much more extensive , 187-page manual is available for download on the hp website . it offers a lot more information on how to solve for various equations than the user guide that comes with the calculator : http : h20565.www2.hp.com portal site hpsc template.binaryportlet public kb docdisplay resource.process ? spf_p.tpst=kbdocdisplay_ws_bi &spf; _p.rid_kbdocdisplay=docdisplayresurl &javax.portlet.begcachetok; =com.vignette.cachetoken &spf; _p.rst_kbdocdisplay=wsrp-resourcestate % 3ddocid % 253demr_na-c02989763-1 % 257cdoclocale % 253den_us & javax . ; portlet.endcachetok=com.vignette.cachetokeni also recommend buying the kaplan schweser book `` understanding your financial calculator , '' which contains step-by-step instructions for 10bii+ users to solve various financial equations . « show less
if you are going to use this for school , this is hands down the easiest , fastest machine out there . i have a very advanced ti that i use for all other math , cal , finite , stats , etc ... but this was perfect for finance . i would recommend this to anyone who is going to take a finance class or is in finance .
6 '' x 3.5 '' x 5 8 '' including pouch , less without
none
yes , but you ca n't duplex legal size paper . only single sided .
for your hp scanjet 5590 scanner ... ..open hp solution centerchoose `` scan document '' what are you scanning ? click `` document '' , scan to : `` save to file '' , file type : choose `` pdf ( *pdf ) '' click `` scan '' name it - or notdocument is saved to `` my scans '' in `` my documents '' ( i have windows xp )
i believe 14 '' is the largest
works for me . has n't had any problem after up-dating to 8 .
i 'm sorry i do n't know the answer to this question .
this pen comes stock with a cartridge . there is a small cardboard collar that you remove , which then allows the cartridge to seat . the converter is about five dollars . if you go that route , do not forget to buy ink ( mont blanci is great , and you can refil the spiffy , very stable bottle when it is empty ) .
i think it 's a cardboard ring separating top from bottom . it 's not on my pen now , so it must be removable and just for packaging . i do n't remember it .
the last 2 inpurchased had silver stainless nibs
i have n't tried it , but my roommate uses the same pen and says it 's fine as long as you clean it first .
i have a question for you , did your pen write ok when you first receive it and started skipping after using it after a while or started skipping when you first received the pen ? my answer to your question will be different depending on what your answer is . i can only go by what you had said on july 5th , 2013 , if you have n't cleaned your pen since you received the pen , good chances are it needs to be cleaned . i normally flush my pens at least once a month . if you do n't have a converter for your pen then i would pick up a bulb syringe that you can pick up from a pharmacy . you will only need the nib section to do the cleaning . fill the syringe with water ( not hot water ) , put the tip of the syringe down as far as possible where you would put the cartridge into the pen , now squeeze the bulb syringe . you will want to repeat this procedure until the water that comes out of the nib is n't discolored by the ink . please note that you will need to wrap your fingers around where the bulb syringe goes into the nib section because the water will come out from slots on the sides . if you have a converter for your pen , you could put the nib in a glass of water , fill the converter with water , discharge the water ink solution , and repeat this process until the water is n't discolored by the ink . i myself then use a mixture of 1 part of household ammonia to 2 parts of distilled water . i normally put the mixture in a smaller container that the nib section would fit into . a shot glass will work . i personally use a 6 millimeter vial . i fill the vial the vial so the nib is covered by the water ammonia solution . by using the converter , i fill the converter with the water ammonia solution and repeat this process several times then let the nib section soak in the solution . i repeat this process until i think the ink has been removed from the nib section . you might need to change out the solution depending how the solution looks . if you do n't have a converter then use the bulb syringe but be careful since the solution is caustic ( high ph ) . there are flushing solutions out there you can purchase if you do n't want to make your own . when you soak the nib section , you want to make sure that solution comes up to where your fingers tips hold the nib section . the solution can be higher if you want , it will not hurt your pen surface . after flushing your pen then rinse off with water . using your bulb syringe again , flush the nib section with distilled water to remove the water ammonia solution . you will need to do this several times to remove the water ammonia solution . put the nib section in a glass with a paper towel in the bottom of the glass so the nib section is nestled into the paper towel . the paper towel protects the nib and absorbs the water in the nib section . i normally let the nib set the glass over night to remove any access water . hope this helps . they are work horses when it comes to pens.i own several lamy safari , vista , and al star pens and they are my go to every day pens . they write the first time , every time for me . i have a question for you , did your pen write ok when you first receive it and started skipping after using it after a while or started skipping when you first received the pen ? my answer to your question will be different depending on what your answer is . i can only go by what you had said on july 5th , 2013 , if you have n't cleaned your pen since you received the pen , good chances are it needs to be cleaned . i normally flush my pens at least once a month . if you do n't have a converter for your pen then i would pick up a bulb syringe that you can pick up from a pharmacy . you will only need ... » read more i have a question for you , did your pen write ok when you first receive it and started skipping after using it after a while or started skipping when you first received the pen ? my answer to your question will be different depending on what your answer is . i can only go by what you had said on july 5th , 2013 , if you have n't cleaned your pen since you received the pen , good chances are it needs to be cleaned . i normally flush my pens at least once a month . if you do n't have a converter for your pen then i would pick up a bulb syringe that you can pick up from a pharmacy . you will only need the nib section to do the cleaning . fill the syringe with water ( not hot water ) , put the tip of the syringe down as far as possible where you would put the cartridge into the pen , now squeeze the bulb syringe . you will want to repeat this procedure until the water that comes out of the nib is n't discolored by the ink . please note that you will need to wrap your fingers around where the bulb syringe goes into the nib section because the water will come out from slots on the sides . if you have a converter for your pen , you could put the nib in a glass of water , fill the converter with water , discharge the water ink solution , and repeat this process until the water is n't discolored by the ink . i myself then use a mixture of 1 part of household ammonia to 2 parts of distilled water . i normally put the mixture in a smaller container that the nib section would fit into . a shot glass will work . i personally use a 6 millimeter vial . i fill the vial the vial so the nib is covered by the water ammonia solution . by using the converter , i fill the converter with the water ammonia solution and repeat this process several times then let the nib section soak in the solution . i repeat this process until i think the ink has been removed from the nib section . you might need to change out the solution depending how the solution looks . if you do n't have a converter then use the bulb syringe but be careful since the solution is caustic ( high ph ) . there are flushing solutions out there you can purchase if you do n't want to make your own . when you soak the nib section , you want to make sure that solution comes up to where your fingers tips hold the nib section . the solution can be higher if you want , it will not hurt your pen surface . after flushing your pen then rinse off with water . using your bulb syringe again , flush the nib section with distilled water to remove the water ammonia solution . you will need to do this several times to remove the water ammonia solution . put the nib section in a glass with a paper towel in the bottom of the glass so the nib section is nestled into the paper towel . the paper towel protects the nib and absorbs the water in the nib section . i normally let the nib set the glass over night to remove any access water . hope this helps . they are work horses when it comes to pens.i own several lamy safari , vista , and al star pens and they are my go to every day pens . they write the first time , every time for me . « show less
cartridges come with ink in them and simply snap in the pen . once it is empty , you could either refill by usage of a syringe or snap another cartridge in.converters replace cartridges and in the long run , save you money as they are reusable ... not disposable . to refill , draw the piston of the converter down by twisting counterclockwise on the converter . then , dip the entire nib into your ink and slowly fill up the converter by twisting clockwise . once filled , draw out a drop of ink to remove any possible air bubbles that might cause skipping during writing .
the case says germany . i can neither verify or deny this but that 's what is written on the case .
i measured my `` fine '' nib to be 0.8mm which i would consider a medium nib .
yes , i believe so , even though i did n't hook it up on a network ( soho ) . the output of the printer status states that the network is disabled , which i interpret as a software setting issue rather than capabilities .
im thinking it was less than 1000
yes , it should . the q5949a works in my hp laser jet 1320 .
it is hp 's product . yes it works very well , as it is the same as the newer packaging .
i never look at that . besides , a cartridge can last a long time in a printer anyway . its a genuine hp cartridge and works great .
yes . it is a new cartridge .
do n't know . we have a cable to ours.sorry .
it has a multi-purpose bypass tray i assume it works with envelopes but i never used it , i think it would probably fit 10-15 at a time .
the regular printer one , i think you can use any hp .
it is 3 8 '' higher , measurement at tab is 4 3 8 '' .
just dividers .
i do n't know . i 'm not finding any info regarding that anywhere , not even on the smead.com web site .
i would say they are the same thickness . the tab is about 2 '' in length .
i have not .
it looks like there is a breakoff band at 16 '' so it should work .
if you have any wiggle room in the width you may be ok. i just measured the file-it may be a tight fit . 12 3 8 '' wide and 9 1 4 '' deep .
yes . i am using them in drawers that are 21 '' deep . they are extendable but you must cut the metal brackets to fit to the exact length of the drawer . they are designed to be cut to fit and have pre-formed creases . you can use a plumbers wrench ( or the like ) to bend and twist off the creases where you want the bracket ends to be .
12 1 2 inches
sorry , i do n't own it any more . i have a new desk with build in frames . but i think that it was truly 12 1 2 .
one rack -looks just like the picture . did n't fit in my drawer so i never used it .
i upgraded to mavericks several months ago and did n't have any problems with my hl-2040 printer .
you need to do that in the printer controls in your computer . or you can always just turn the printer off , but it will continue when you turn it on again .
the version we have of this at work does not produce reliable consistent prints . it produces scattered smudges of black at various points across the page , particularly when the paper is thicker like a strathmore laid paper . most frustrating ... bought this for a secretary who uses it for our letters , and after 2 weeks of frustration i 'm afraid i 've got to buy a totally different model and hope for the best . i 'd avoid this . changing the ink cartridge did n't seem to help , by the way .
i agree with what someone else pointed out ( the printer is not ethernet capable ) . i suspect that the seller has confused this brother with a different model . the printer should come with a power cord -- but those are a dime-a-dozen , as all computer equipment that plugs into an ac outlet directly ( without using a power supply ) has the same kind of cord , which you can buy online or even locally for a few dollars . but why do n't you ask the seller ? the printer does come ( when new ) with a power cord . it does not , however , come with a usb cord which is what you will need to connect it to a computer . i agree with what someone else pointed out ( the printer is not ethernet capable ) . i suspect that the seller has confused this brother with a different model . the printer should come with a power cord -- but those are a dime-a-dozen , as all computer equipment that plugs into an ac outlet directly ( without using a power supply ) has the same kind of cord , which you can buy online or even locally for a few dollars . but why do n't you ask the seller ? the printer does come ( when new ) with a power cord . it does not , however , come with a usb cord which is what you will need to connect it to a computer .
not by itself . you would need a wireless print server , which can be found at amazon .
it works fine on my remote
sorry , no idea .
it works on my pc . i have used it several times this year , 2014. i hope that you get the same result .
no
i dont think so
not with this one ! max is 24. look into an ip phone system at that point .
no
you can program any number you want to dial up to about 18-20 numbers . also easy to delete and change .
8 lines . but if you buy the expansion card you can plug up to 16 units
our systems are latest version 3.0 software usa . be careful out there , there are other vendors who are selling `` out-of-the-country '' versions and they do not carry usa warranty . our systems are also produced in 2015 from panasonic usa .
yes , it does have basic 2 and 3 level automated attendant functions and allows direction to extensions and recording basic messages . you need to use the programming software to access it more easily . we have not tried to set it up since we do n't need it , but i have looked over the instructions in the programming manual that comes with the system . it also looks possible to program most features without the pc software , but it is very complicated and i would not attempt it . you can also enable message recording for extensions to allow users to set up `` vacation '' message and similar , but we have not tried that yet either . it did what we wanted right out of the box . this one of the most powerful systems you can get for the price . other than the new computer based systems , there is nothing that comes anywhere near its power for the price . yes , it does have basic 2 and 3 level automated attendant functions and allows direction to extensions and recording basic messages . you need to use the programming software to access it more easily . we have not tried to set it up since we do n't need it , but i have looked over the instructions in the programming manual that comes with the system . it also looks possible to program most features without the pc software , but it is very complicated and i would not attempt it . you can also enable message recording for extensions to allow users to set up `` vacation '' message and ... » read more yes , it does have basic 2 and 3 level automated attendant functions and allows direction to extensions and recording basic messages . you need to use the programming software to access it more easily . we have not tried to set it up since we do n't need it , but i have looked over the instructions in the programming manual that comes with the system . it also looks possible to program most features without the pc software , but it is very complicated and i would not attempt it . you can also enable message recording for extensions to allow users to set up `` vacation '' message and similar , but we have not tried that yet either . it did what we wanted right out of the box . this one of the most powerful systems you can get for the price . other than the new computer based systems , there is nothing that comes anywhere near its power for the price . « show less
one more thought though . my statement about the hp scanner is misleading . true for full page receipts , but unlike most flatbed scanners this one only scans the receipt , not a full page of nothing . a small receipt , like from a gas station pump , scans in a few seconds .
i called neat receipts asking about the same thing . short answer no . but they claim to be working on an apple os version - due out in the next 12 months . do n't hold your breathe - they told me the same thing last year . you can send an email to sales @ neatreceipts.com and ask to be put on the notification list . i guess if enough people request it they 'll actually put one out . i certainly hope so .
yes . there is a mac version . the scanner works great . i have the neat receipts model . i 've had lots of problems trying to navigate thru the program . i 've spent hours on hold with neat and when i finally got someone , their customer service and tech support were terrible . i still have problems with it . but i wo n't waste my time contacting neat . they 're useless .
i do n't think so . they 're probably too thick for this device . the neat desk scanner can do it , but not neat receipts .
none i am aware of . have had issue with all stored receipts erased with update .
yes
scans them just fine ... even when they are somewhat faded
i am not sure , but the box says 450d . if i had to guess i would guess the d refers to the d1 tape cartridges it uses .
yes
hi jennifer , sorry i did n't actually buy the labeller , so can not answer your question ... .sorry
it smells like rubber . it works well in my garage to provide a cushion while standing on concrete , and hoses clean very easily . i do n't think it would be comfortable in bare feet , as it is rather firm with fairly large drain holes .
its very solid , it does not compress .
beveled edge . ca n't say on time , but mine arrived very quick . fyi i use them in the winter on a sloped walkway so clients do n't slip . gutters overflow with ice nand drip constantly on a sunny day . work perfect . light weight and no sign of wear after one full winter .
its heavy rubber about half an inch thick , with holes for water to run thru . it does not absorb water at all . was a good deal .
no .
i 'm not sure if they would stay in place underwater . you could walk on them barefoot .
yes . it works well
not for tire repair . this is for use on crafts .
it 's pretty close to that..it 's thicker and not as stretchy . but yes , same kind of idea . think of it as removeable thick , gel-type , double sided tape .
it dries quickly ... approximately 5 minutes or less .
in my experience , rubber cement works well on leather ( over the years i have used it to make many lasting repairs ) . coat both sides of the leather to be joined , let it dry , then carefully position and press the pieces together . obviously this wo n't work in every situation , but it is worth a try . ( fyi , when making laced leather products like wallets , the lacing is lengthened by cutting a 1 8 '' 45 degree slice off the top side of one piece and off the bottom side of the other ( to keep the shiny top-side continuous ) and then rubber-cementing them together in the manner described above . )
i do not golf , so can not say . however , i used gem-tac to adhere tanned deerskin ( rough side to a patch for the inside of my indian moccasin that i wear every day . it has held for over two years , is flexible and soft , easy on my feet . you might try that , it is available at this source .
depends on how much you print . i have seen from a prior model that the rubber rollers wear out . you can try and clean them with rubbing alcohol and a q ( wait until it evaporates
there 's a tab above the left side of the feed tray that you can move to the right for the size you want .
when i tried , the response was `` no airprint printers found '' . therefore , i am assuming that you can not .
i would guess so .
95 and 98
i used it with my laptop . it comes with the necessary cords . it plugs into a standard usb port . does that answer your question ?
i simply connected the printer to my win7 computer and allowed windows to do the rest . it automatically installed it . then , i went to the hp support website and downloaded the win7 compatible firmware software . installed it and it was done . i had full use of all of the features . however , if you have n't already bought one , i advise against buying this particular model . my extensive review is on amazon here .
check the scanner window , for the auto feed area , yo9u have a bit of dirt on it . maybe some type of liquid paper if you use it , has rubbed off on the site glass . a quick cleaning should fix the problem .
it uses tn-221 and tn-225 toner cartridges . standard and high yield cartridges
no
i purchased some pattern cards separately , and they worked perfectly . not sure what set you 're referring to .
trapazoid , square , rhombus , diamond , triangle , hexagon
china
the one i bought last year was made in taiwan .
edward ... it 's been too long ago ... i really do n't know the difference now ... i will say that the system did n't last very long ... it was the first time that a panasonic product let me down ... hope this is helpful ... walt .
the base station is in my office , the office is concrete block . the warehouse is metal and adjacent to the office . the reception starts to fade toward the back of the warehouse which is 160 ' . however walking outside the warehouse reception is bad unless you are near a door . no complaints about this system . handsets get abused and they are about 3 yrs old still working !
just like any telephone , you have to forward it via the telephone company procedure . otherwise it runs the same ringing day and night .
there are many setting that can be modified on the cordless handset . you should review the manual that came with the phone . if you have lost your copy , you can download it from the panasonic website ( http : shop.panasonic.com support ) or call their tech support at 1-800-211-7262. it 's a great small business phone system and easy to use .
yes , you do need the base . however , this expensive phone system has not worked well for us . it has some sound quality issues on all three phones we purchased .
previous answers are correct . the platinum model adds evaluation of bonds to the rest of the set of financial functions . also has a couple new user friendly features such as the ability to delete single numbers during data entry to protect you from `` fat finger '' mistakes .
it has a sleeve to slide it into .
the hp 12cp is the platnium edition - ( that 's what the p stands for ) . the shipped product looks exactly as it is displayed on the product page . except for the buttons and the silver panel on the top 3rd of the calculator ( around the display ) the background is black . i have mine in my hand right now and it looks identical to the picture you see on the product page .
i have no clue , because i have used the 12c the past 28 years .
this one has two batteries .
the length ( front to back ) is 27.5 '' .
marco , this file holder is 13-1 4 '' x 24 '' x 27-1 2 '' . it is wide enough to accommodate letter-sized folders .
9-1 4 inches
it depends on how much you put in each folder . you have about 23 '' of workable space front to back . if each folder has 1 2 '' of documents in it , it would hold 46 folders . i currently use 30 hanging folders filled to different thicknesses , leaving about 8 '' for additional documents and or folders .
the wheels do not lock -- however it 's so sturdy it does n't move easily . hope this helps !
when assembled ( with wheels ) it is 27 1 2 '' high . hope this helps ! it 's a great file -- very sturdy !
the casters are made of a heavy duty plastic . i have only used them on carpet and they roll well . yes , the hanging folders move smoothly . i saw another comment where someone suggested installing the tray beneath the folders upside down in order to have another 1 2 inch of space between the bottom of the folders and the tray . i forgot this suggestion when putting the file together . it 's not worth taking apart , but i suggest trying this . overall , this is a very good product for a home office . i have been using it for 6 months on an almost daily basis and i am very satisfied .
yes - it includes the casters
yes , a solid metal base .
we could n't get it assembled . the screws just flew out of place . i therefore can not assist you with installation . good luck
one bar screws in at the top , and the other 2 bars on the bottom as legs . they go between the triangular shaped pieces with slats for the trays on the inside . the screws will grab enough inside the bars to hold everything together .
you might possibly be able to cut a small label and place it vertically down the side bar but it would have to be small . but there is no place on the trays that is specifically made for a label .
yes they do . i like mine so much i just ordered another one .
if you are just mailing the dvd in a small case yes . check the measurements of your case to verify . i mail cds all the time and they withstand the postal service .
an indelible felt tip pen would work .
yes . they also have very good adhesive on the seal .
no . it barely holds a dvd case without tearing . the bags are garbage .
germany
this sharpener is made in germany it is the sharpest sharpener i know of therefore it will sharpen anything if you are carful as you can well imagine .
yes
it can sharpen a big pencil , it will definitely can sharpen crayons ...
yes indeed
yes just turn the table around so that it is on the right side . i have mine that way .
it will actually tilt to the point that the table surface is straight up and down ( perpendicular to the floor ) . i have actually worked on my laptop while reclined back in my recliner . i was extremely happy with this purchase !
very much so , it can support my 17 inch laptop no problem , rolls around the room with ease , and is easily adjustable without sacrificing sturdiness . you wo n't be disappointed
very strong & easy to manages have no problem with it .
hi mike , yes it does .
it is serving my need 's more than i ever thought it would . it 's a great product and i am glade i used amazon . yes the wheels lock , all three .
the answer if no . i have ours at its lowest point , which is 32 inches . you could make some simple modifications to the main support post to fit your needs .
overkill , plus it depends on your technical level . the nice thing about overkill is : if there is a formula you want to solve for then there is a way to write a program for it . or , just write the formula and plug the formula into the solver . it does n't matter at all if the calculator has the formulas built in or not . the 50g is one of the those ( if not the most ) flexible handheld calculator on the market today . downside is : you have to learn how to use it and then how to program it ( or know somebody who does . ) and the way you use it is different - better imvho - but different.if all you are looking for is doing npv and a few other simple calculations , then you really want to look at the 12c model . hp 12c financial calculator ( though that calculator has a learning curve , also . ) overkill , plus it depends on your technical level . the nice thing about overkill is : if there is a formula you want to solve for then there is a way to write a program for it . or , just write the formula and plug the formula into the solver . it does n't matter at all if the calculator has the formulas built in or not . the 50g is one of the those ( if not the most ) flexible handheld calculator on the market today . downside is : you have to learn how to use it and then how to program it ( or know somebody who does . ) and the way you use it is different - better imvho - but different.if all ... » read more overkill , plus it depends on your technical level . the nice thing about overkill is : if there is a formula you want to solve for then there is a way to write a program for it . or , just write the formula and plug the formula into the solver . it does n't matter at all if the calculator has the formulas built in or not . the 50g is one of the those ( if not the most ) flexible handheld calculator on the market today . downside is : you have to learn how to use it and then how to program it ( or know somebody who does . ) and the way you use it is different - better imvho - but different.if all you are looking for is doing npv and a few other simple calculations , then you really want to look at the 12c model . hp 12c financial calculator ( though that calculator has a learning curve , also . ) « show less
it comes with a pouch , more of a case , not much of one but at least it is protective . if you have one without a pouch , it was probably an open item . you can get a very nice ballistic nylon velcro case from ripoff cases .
it 's different per os , mine was straight forward downloaded software from hp site and connected via mini-usb connection on top . my computer brought it right up when i connected usb but you can find it under the my computer tab in the start program . i 've read where those with windows 8 have had issues and had to turn signed driver enforcement off . here 's a link to a discussion board which gives the walk-through on it - https : groups.google.com forum ? fromgroups # ! topic comp.sys.hp48 tzpjxzysxru
only could find driver for win7 , nothing on win8 , here 's the link , http : h10025.www1.hp.com ewfrf wc softwarecategory ? cc=us &dlc; =en &lc; =en &product; =3235175 &
extremely programmable . very rich programming language .
alan , i searched about it and i think is n't possible execute programs of the hp41c on hp50g because the programming is different among these models . in this site you can find more information and a link to emulate a hp41c on hp50g . http : www.hpmuseum.org cgi-sys cgiwrap hpmuseum archv017.cgi ? read=125301
i can see how you might get used to that way of working , on modern algebraic calculators . the 50g in algebraic mode saves all your calculation inputs in a history . i believe late ti 's do the same . you can just pick the expression from history and edit it ... course we prefer rpn mode on 50g . there many corresponding possibilities . they do need you to know in advance , though . normally one would either input the rpn sequence in < < ... > > or the algebraic expression in ' ... ' and duplicate it on the stack or save it as a var . it can then be edited and eval'ed as you desire . normally though , one would represent those values , one intend to vary , with symbolic variabel names instead , like a , b , c whatever , and store values under those variable names . the < < ... > > sequence is actually a program , btw , and will execute as you press the soft key representing the name you stored it under . the basic answer to your question is that one would store some kind of program . how exactly to do that and how to make it take parameters , is something that has many , many different possibilities . the rpn rpl system is very flexible.the hp 50g is a superior working tool . for studies though , i think you may need to consider if it 's allowed for exams ? i think 50g is n't much ? since it 's an all-out tool . ti calculators typically are . they are adapted to different exam levels . but for your professional companion , you do n't want algebraic or ti . you should get hp 's most advanced model with rpn rpl . currently that is the 50g . i can see how you might get used to that way of working , on modern algebraic calculators . the 50g in algebraic mode saves all your calculation inputs in a history . i believe late ti 's do the same . you can just pick the expression from history and edit it ... course we prefer rpn mode on 50g . there many corresponding possibilities . they do need you to know in advance , though . normally one would either input the rpn sequence in < < ... > > or the algebraic expression in ' ... ' and duplicate it on the stack or save it as a var . it can then be edited and eval'ed as you desire ... . » read more i can see how you might get used to that way of working , on modern algebraic calculators . the 50g in algebraic mode saves all your calculation inputs in a history . i believe late ti 's do the same . you can just pick the expression from history and edit it ... course we prefer rpn mode on 50g . there many corresponding possibilities . they do need you to know in advance , though . normally one would either input the rpn sequence in < < ... > > or the algebraic expression in ' ... ' and duplicate it on the stack or save it as a var . it can then be edited and eval'ed as you desire . normally though , one would represent those values , one intend to vary , with symbolic variabel names instead , like a , b , c whatever , and store values under those variable names . the < < ... > > sequence is actually a program , btw , and will execute as you press the soft key representing the name you stored it under . the basic answer to your question is that one would store some kind of program . how exactly to do that and how to make it take parameters , is something that has many , many different possibilities . the rpn rpl system is very flexible.the hp 50g is a superior working tool . for studies though , i think you may need to consider if it 's allowed for exams ? i think 50g is n't much ? since it 's an all-out tool . ti calculators typically are . they are adapted to different exam levels . but for your professional companion , you do n't want algebraic or ti . you should get hp 's most advanced model with rpn rpl . currently that is the 50g . « show less
it does . it is not as convenient as it used to be . at the bottom of the screen ( the function keys ) should be one called stack ( f3 ) . in there is the swap button ( f2 ) . to get back to the main menu press the tool button .
skype is a similar to an im client . where ever you are logged in , it sends the message there . skype allows multiple logins , so you can use both your skype usb phone and this wifi skype phone at the same time with the same account . when you are called , both phones will ring . yet , you could have ten of them in every room in house and they all will ring ... but only one phone can complete the call . you ca n't be on the same call from two different sources .
what it means is that there is no browser included on the phone to work through any initial authentication , even on an open network . in other words , if you are redirected to a web page the first time you connect to a network , this phone wo n't work . even if all you have to do is hit a button to agree to the terms of a free internet connection , you 're out of luck . that eliminates a lot of public hotspots , even the free ones , because they generally require you to agree to some terms before activating your access . and , of course , if you need to log on to your t-mobile or any other account , you 're also out of luck . the neat thing , however , is that this phone can sign on to your encrypted home or office network . unfortunately , its lack of even a simple browser ( i mean how hard would it have been to put lynx on there ? ) keeps it from working with a lot of otherwise free and open connections . sounds like something that 's more useful at home , sadly . what it means is that there is no browser included on the phone to work through any initial authentication , even on an open network . in other words , if you are redirected to a web page the first time you connect to a network , this phone wo n't work . even if all you have to do is hit a button to agree to the terms of a free internet connection , you 're out of luck . that eliminates a lot of public hotspots , even the free ones , because they generally require you to agree to some terms before activating your access . and , of course , if you need to log on to your t-mobile or any other account , ... » read more what it means is that there is no browser included on the phone to work through any initial authentication , even on an open network . in other words , if you are redirected to a web page the first time you connect to a network , this phone wo n't work . even if all you have to do is hit a button to agree to the terms of a free internet connection , you 're out of luck . that eliminates a lot of public hotspots , even the free ones , because they generally require you to agree to some terms before activating your access . and , of course , if you need to log on to your t-mobile or any other account , you 're also out of luck . the neat thing , however , is that this phone can sign on to your encrypted home or office network . unfortunately , its lack of even a simple browser ( i mean how hard would it have been to put lynx on there ? ) keeps it from working with a lot of otherwise free and open connections . sounds like something that 's more useful at home , sadly . « show less
according to belkin 's page for this product , it *does not* support wifi which requires browser-based authentication .
i believe the instructions say let cure overnight depending upon weather conditions
no
definitely ! this is what i used this product for . so far , so good !
probably would work , but will not 'dry ' clear.i 'd suggest a windhield star repair kit , that stuff is designed to fix stars in windhields , i 've used it for that purpose , it works.look for 'windshield star patch kit ' or similar search.try this ... .rainx fix a windshield do it yourself windshield repair kit , for chips , cracks , bulll's-eyes and stars
yes , bonds very well to all plastics that i 've attempted -- and is not brittle when set . i have repaired plastic storage containers , tool cases , etc . best to lightly sand the area to be bonded to take off any gloss or sheen , and apply enough of a build up to maintain integrity of the repair . after the material starts to slowly harden you can smooth and mold the application by spitting on your thumb or finger to gently shape the repair ... practice with a small amount to get a feel for it ; the consistency is like a thick batter , set time - working or 'open time ' is about 20 minutes when mixed 50 50 , but you can extend the working time by cutting back slightly on the % of hardener ( never use more than 50 % hardener ) . takes several hours to overnight to achieve complete hardening . yes , bonds very well to all plastics that i 've attempted -- and is not brittle when set . i have repaired plastic storage containers , tool cases , etc . best to lightly sand the area to be bonded to take off any gloss or sheen , and apply enough of a build up to maintain integrity of the repair . after the material starts to slowly harden you can smooth and mold the application by spitting on your thumb or finger to gently shape the repair ... practice with a small amount to get a feel for it ; the consistency is like a thick batter , set time - working or 'open time ' is about 20 minutes when mixed ... » read more yes , bonds very well to all plastics that i 've attempted -- and is not brittle when set . i have repaired plastic storage containers , tool cases , etc . best to lightly sand the area to be bonded to take off any gloss or sheen , and apply enough of a build up to maintain integrity of the repair . after the material starts to slowly harden you can smooth and mold the application by spitting on your thumb or finger to gently shape the repair ... practice with a small amount to get a feel for it ; the consistency is like a thick batter , set time - working or 'open time ' is about 20 minutes when mixed 50 50 , but you can extend the working time by cutting back slightly on the % of hardener ( never use more than 50 % hardener ) . takes several hours to overnight to achieve complete hardening . « show less
i 'm really not sure . i used it to cover a small crack in my bathtub . i do n't know if it would hold the pieces of a statue together or not . depends on the size and how heavy the pieces are , too . i do n't think it would hurt it though . i would try gorilla glue first . it holds everything !
i just checked & it fits about 2 men 's medium weight xl t-shirts without stretching the plastic & 2 paperback 500 page books no bigger than 6x9 '' with room for thin bubble wrap . shirts & books not at the same time ofcourse ! : ) plastic is thin so package reinforce appropriately .
according to web search these bags are 2.5 mm thick . they are very sturdy .
hi there ! one of these bags weighs approximately 4 10th 's of an ounce . i hope that helps and have a great day !
no
about as well as a ziploc bag . which is to say , from water and scuffs but not bumps or drops .
it 's just under 13.75 '' to the 1 4 '' sticky part of the flap . so technically that gives you about 3 4 '' ( taking a little ) extra length with the bag completely flat . the bag minus the flap is confirmed 9 1 16 '' x 12 3 4 '' laying flat . the side seals are machine sealed and practically on the edge so they do n't take very much away from the 9 '' width with the 1 16 '' clearance . however , for this reason and how thin the material is i reinforce the sides with packaging tape just to not take chances .
no . they are flat plastic `` envelopes . '' they tear easily and the adhesive closure does not hold.i ca n't trust anything i would send in them would arrive . exceptionally poor quality for the purpose .
i think it s more like a 1.5mil . but it is super strong . i 've had no complaints from my customers and have actually received very good feedback that my fabric is `` nicely packaged '' . super light so it definitely helps with shipping cost .
no bubbles .
100
no , 1.2 inches is the pack for the lot of bags .
it would be a bad idea to send large stacks of documents in plain poly envelopes . at the very least , the corners will get badly bumped bent and given the weight of stacked paper , there will be the risk of rips and tears . your clients will not be impressed , to say the least .
they are almost the exact measurement ( 14.5x19 ) just about 1 8 '' less on either side .
no . of course any plastic bag will `` expand '' to some extent but these are not what are known as as `` expandable mailers . ''
windows 8 is simply an extension of windows 7 in many respects . download the windows 7 print driver for the canon pixma mp810 . it should work fine .
yes , under the scanning lid there is a removable bracket to hold negatives and slides .
yes . as long as you have the slide adapter , no problem . that 's what i use it for . you can scan and print .
no , just the laminate pouch .
you need a laminating machine to melt them together ...
you will have to use a hole puncher and punch them yourself .
i 'm not sure . i make scripture cards and laminate them for church , the sick and the elderly . i also laminate things for use in my classroom . they may last for a time outside but i think the weather will eventually break them down .
no name brand ...
definitely after laminating .
no ! an iron will melt the patches and ruin the bottom surface of your iron . aa sheet of laminating film is composed of various layers of plastic .
universal product # unv-84680 ( 4⅜ '' x 6½ '' ) is 5 mil thick
it does not . the ql-1070 does . however , if you have a wireless device , such as an airport express , you can make it wireless . i have my ql-1050 connected to an airport express through the usb port and i wirelessly print without any problems !
i have windows 7 so i ca n't answer . the web site has windows 8 drivers so i am sure it should . brother 's website will answer the question . they are very good about it . u love their products , better than dymo actually .
you need thermal paper , but youcan get generic rolls that work just fine .
we 've successfully used other labels ( non-brother ) that we 've purchased through amazon without any problem .
because of the automatic margins , it 's impossible to print to the very edge of the 4 '' label . others have suggested printing to pdf and then selecting that image ( or image capture ) in the p-touch software . it is an extra step but you can make it suit your needs and if you use 4 '' x100 ' continuous paper , actually save some paper over time . it 's a great little printer .
it could work , its a little flimsy only because it 's just two end pieces and the little metal pieces for the sides that make it fit together but if you get it screwed together tightly i think it would work for you . i used mine in the drawers , they are also made to be customized to fit if they are too long for the drawer . hope that helps !
from the bottom of the frame to the top is 9 1 2 inches the height and the length do n't matter because you have the option to make it shorter theres notches in the top rail that you bend off if needed you 'll be fine
the inside of the drawer should be 12 inches wide . the outside can be larger ; mine is 13.5 inches wide .
no . that 's the mistake i made . the notches in it are n't marked far enough back on them to `` break '' them to fit a 15 '' long drawer , so i used a hacksaw to help break them the correct length . it worked just fine . it was better than having to return them or pay a higher price . i 've used them for several months , now , and have had no problem .
if you 're referring to the height of your drawer ( how tall it is from the bottom to the top ) then you need at least 9 5 8 inches for clearance when closing and opening . i measured a straight line from the bottom of my drawer where the frame was resting to the top of the screw . ( there is a screw at each corner of the frame to hold the hanging rails to the frame legs ) .
this is two sets for two drawers .
yes .
i have the red labels and there are 100 per box .
you 'll have better luck if you attach them to the bags before you put the meat in and freeze . i wrap the meat in foil , attach the label and then freeze . amazon may not like this , but you can get a roll of paper tape at the hardware store and it will cost less and last nearly forever . use the same instructions as above
there are 100 pcs of 1 '' x 2 '' labels . the back of the box also offers a freezer storage guide for meats , quite a handy bit of information .
unfortunately not ! i have now gone to scotch 3m plastic tabs ... .kind of like page markers ... .or ... .what i have done is put down the shiny scotch tape first ... ..then most things are removable from my containers and no residue left behind , i might also recommend an amazing sticky remover called `` un-du '' . it 's like a miracle worker : ) ... .hope all that rambling helps
unfortunately no ; they are too tall . they measure 1-1 8 '' tall . the box they come in acts as a dispenser though . it includes directions on how to feed the labels through so they dispense one at a time . it 's not fancy , but it works .
i used to have 4500p and i really loved its programming mode . i would rather buy it .
everything on the calc is english . mine came with an english manual too -- pdf of the manual is online too .
yes . you can download the manuals from casio support before buying , to be sure it has what you want .
no , it has n't come off . however , i 've had to retire the phone as it was broken during some furniture moving . drat . but i was really very well-pleased with it 's appearance . it has a nice heft to it .
i 'm sorry , but i do n't know what the ring sounds like . currently this is only used as a prop for my sister 's photography studio . she really loves the look of it , and it photographs well with people . i 'm sorry i could n't be of more assistance .
i have no idea . sorry .
it is an actual working phone so yes it requires a phone jack
it purports to read out in hundredths of a pound , but i can tell you that when you put less than a pound on the scale it does n't register at all . i was trying to measure something i knew to weigh several ounces , and it still read `` 0.00 '' . that leads me to conclude that any numbers to the right of the decimal on this scale really are n't reliable , because it simply is not that precise .
yes , you can `` zero '' or `` tare '' the scale .
i sent it back , it 's a pos , do not buy .
this scale is designed in th u.s. and produced in china.. www.awscales.com..look at the drop down box `` about us `` ..they really stand behind their products . my husband does a lot of shipping and really likes the scale . hope this helps .
do not purchase this ! it only worked for a week , and i had to send it back .
no longer available , epson 700 has disc printing capability for $ 100. plus it prints and scans too
here are all the drivers and software you need , including win 7 32bit : https : dymo.custhelp.com app answers detail a_id 101 ~ dymo-drivers-and-downloads
are you saying you have windows 7 64-bit ? either way , i found this thread which may answer your question . supposedly , it 's compatible with all windows 7 systems , whether 32 or 64 bit.http : answers.microsoft.com en-us windows forum windows_7-hardware dymo-discpainter-64bit-drivers 70fa7bcf-5fd9-48d2-bede-22debf93d514
once dymo released a fix for the 64-bit problem ( it took them over five months after its promise date ) , my discpainter worked better than ever . the fix was worth the wait . only problem is that if you do n't use it a lot , the ink cartridge dries up , but they 're not that expensive like the hp ink cartridges . an extended life super size hp black ink cartridge i used constantly dried up while still showing 3 4 full . my next printer was a canon that has five cartridges for the colors and black ink ( plus an extended life black cartridge ) . only problem with that printer is that it clicks and clunks for five minutes setting itself up before you can print anything . both of my computers ( desktop and laptop ) are hp and they 're great . but do n't buy an hp monitor . hp does not stock replacement power cables for any product that is not currently being sold by them , even the flat screens . i will never buy another hp monitor or printer . once dymo released a fix for the 64-bit problem ( it took them over five months after its promise date ) , my discpainter worked better than ever . the fix was worth the wait . only problem is that if you do n't use it a lot , the ink cartridge dries up , but they 're not that expensive like the hp ink cartridges . an extended life super size hp black ink cartridge i used constantly dried up while still showing 3 4 full . my next printer was a canon that has five cartridges for the colors and black ink ( plus an extended life black cartridge ) . only problem with that printer is that it clicks and clunks ... » read more once dymo released a fix for the 64-bit problem ( it took them over five months after its promise date ) , my discpainter worked better than ever . the fix was worth the wait . only problem is that if you do n't use it a lot , the ink cartridge dries up , but they 're not that expensive like the hp ink cartridges . an extended life super size hp black ink cartridge i used constantly dried up while still showing 3 4 full . my next printer was a canon that has five cartridges for the colors and black ink ( plus an extended life black cartridge ) . only problem with that printer is that it clicks and clunks for five minutes setting itself up before you can print anything . both of my computers ( desktop and laptop ) are hp and they 're great . but do n't buy an hp monitor . hp does not stock replacement power cables for any product that is not currently being sold by them , even the flat screens . i will never buy another hp monitor or printer . « show less
i do n't have an answer , scott , but seeing as how the 3-color cartridge is such a limitation , both in ink usage and in printing pure blacks , i wonder what the possibility is that dymo will bring out a discpainter ii shortly , with at least 2 cartridges . there 's certainly room for them back there , and it makes a lot of sense . with my luck , they 'll do it right after i buy the 3-color version . ; - ) thanks for your review . re the dithering , is it really that bad when printing in high-resolution ? seems like at 1200 dpi the dithering ought to be minimal , but then i have n't seen one of these .
yes . you might be thinking of `` bulk '' ink that is sold for use in self-filling these cartridges ; i have used that too , with mixed results . but this is a `` bulk '' set of cartridges , multiples of each color . thanks for asking .
sorry we can not say , we use mfc-440cn machine . i would suggest checking company specs . the following url item description says yours is covered.. 12-pack compatible ink cartridges for brother lc51 mfc 230c 240c 350c 440cn 465cn 3360c 5460cn 5860cn 665cw 685cw 845cw 885cw
i did some research for you and yes these are compatible with your printer ! have a wonderful day !
my machine is model mfc 885 cw ( scanner , copier , fax with a cordless handset ) and these ink cartridges work with no problem . this is the second time i 've purchased them and have had no issues . sorry that i 'm not familiar with your model .
they are full size
sorry to hear about your problem , i never had any problem with mine recognizing the ink cartridges . i have ordered 2 different package deals and they both have worked . i would say that you have a problem within the printer itself . to have it fixed would cost more than getting another one . unless it 's still under warranty .
yes they work very well
they are regular size , not tester and not super size .
when pulled out all the way , yes it does lock in position .
hi . i have a desk made mostly of particle board . the particle is thicker on top but not real wood . the drawer has worked really well for me . it is sturdy and secure . i would give it a try .
12 '' clear exactly .
its pressed wood the keyboard shelf is very sturdy belive it or not i have a few kids and some heavy hands and its been holding up like trooper for months
just over 2 1 2 ''
no adjustment for height
no
25.5 inches
it is very poorly made and has no built in way to either hang it on a wall or magnetically stick it to a metal surface . this is accomplished by use of double sticky tape to stick the 4 magnetic strips ( included ) to the back of the board . the sticky tape could also be used to mount it to your wall but would ruin your wall when removed . if you plan to hang on your wall , i would suggest using something like command products to protect your walls .
if i remember correctly , the magnet is perforated , or partially cut , to be split into pieces . if you want this white board to be magnetically stuck to a surface - like your refrigerator , use these . the `` tape side '' side of the magnet gets the double stick tape , which in turn is then stuck to the back of the white board . this way , the side of the magnet that does not say anything is what contacts your refrigerator .
mine does not have a hook on it , but i do n't see any reason you could not attach a hook with adhesive .
you are correct
now this is obsolete and only usb ( not network and not wifi ) . i recomend epson wf series.cheers .
i was able to figure the problem out after a while : you need to have adobe acrobat installed on your computer ! printer is not going to scan to pdf if you only have adobe reader installed . manual is absolutely not helpful about the issue . i ended up keeping the printer and installing acrobat , everything else seems to work just fine . so good luck !
no that one will not work for some reason , it would not work on the one i had , so i am not sure why the 56 will not work . you have to get a 54 and 57
no , its not wireless . i wouldnt buy this printer . far too old . u can get something brand new and better for like $ 35 .
2
l 11 1 4 x w 16 x h 2 1 4
the cash wrap which i purchased , fits .
no the coin tray is not removable it is all molded as one piece .
yes
turn on the speaker and set you bluetooth on your phone . it will automatically link it . after that you can call every time from your phone when you flip open the speaker
i work with any device that have bluetooh 2.0 and higher .
helloyes charger goes . and is attached to the sun visors .
i bought one thinking it would but does n't play your music very basic answers phone calls hands free speaker phone only..
do n't buy it , worst blue tooth device .
there are 2 long buttons on the bottom of the unit . on the left press once and unit will beep , press again on display will read voice dis . select a number from your cell phone book or state the number you wish to dial i.e . 773-564-7896 and the call will be placed . to end call push tab on right side at bottom of unit . display will read ready .
i do n't have this any longer so am unsure . sorry
yes .
does n't like and does n't work good . it was a mistake buy this equipment , i try to use with my iphone but the other persons does n't earth me .
it displays 5.5
no it is solar powered .
none came in my shipment . none was promised .
this measures 4¾ by 2¾ and ¾thick . it would n't fit in my husbands wallet .
it is solar powered -- so unless you break the solar screen -- it should always work . i have had one similar to this for years !
hard plastic keys
plastic
lr54x1 ... lr54 button batteries can be purchased on amazon or wal-mart ... but i do not see them at walgreens or cvs .
no has only a mr+ for a single stored number
yes it is compatible with canon pixma mx700 . we have used this ink in our canon pixma mx700 for a couple years .
yes . even when they stop working , you can still see the ink . how 's that grab ya ?
as far as i know , yes , it is . i 've ordered canon printer ink from amazon on more than one occasion and had no problem with it .
i do n't know . i got the ink for a canon ip2820 printer .
here is how to ascertain which inks go in a canon 610 printer : ( 1 ) look and see what is in the printer now , or ( 2 ) go to the canon website and find the printer-ink cartridge data . these are excellent inks ; they produce realistic colors . fyi , i ruined a previous canon printer using brand x inks .
i tried , but the photos sometimes fed crooked ( ly ) through the feeder . i did the test with `` expendable '' photos . what have you found ?
old thread , but found this suggestion . it requires you have a *long* telephone line : `` try plugging that line cord into the `` telephone '' jack on the old machine . that is , there will be a single line cord from the wall jack to the `` line '' jack on the old ( receiving ) fax machine , and a long line cord from the `` telephone '' jack of the old machine to the `` line '' jack of the new machine . ''
there are different canon printers that take 2 sizes of the black . a # 5 and a # 8 as well as the 3 different color # 8 's . the mp830 is an example . other canon 's such as the mx700 only use the 3 color # 8 's and a # 5 black . there are packages out there that do not include the # 8 black i believe .
i had the same problem with the fax picking up after i had answered the phone . i spoke to a canon technical support representative based in virginia who was very helpful . here is the solution that worked for me : make sure the receive mode setting is set to `` tel priority mode '' ( fax menu -- > receive mode settings -- > tel priority mode ) .then change the mx700 's ring count to a higher number ( the default on my mx700 was set at two ) to avoid the machine and you answering the call at the same time . do this by going to the fax menu - > maintenance settings - > fax settings - > rx settings - > incoming ring . then select a high number like 7 ( up to 30 ) .the tech rep also advised me the mx700 monitors the line when in use and if it detects a data tone , the unit will go into fax mode and start making the fax noises . this can happen if you inadvertently push a button on the phone keypad and cause the phone to make the touch-tone sound . i had the same problem with the fax picking up after i had answered the phone . i spoke to a canon technical support representative based in virginia who was very helpful . here is the solution that worked for me : make sure the receive mode setting is set to `` tel priority mode '' ( fax menu -- > receive mode settings -- > tel priority mode ) .then change the mx700 's ring count to a higher number ( the default on my mx700 was set at two ) to avoid the machine and you answering the call at the same time . do this by going to the fax menu - > ... » read more i had the same problem with the fax picking up after i had answered the phone . i spoke to a canon technical support representative based in virginia who was very helpful . here is the solution that worked for me : make sure the receive mode setting is set to `` tel priority mode '' ( fax menu -- > receive mode settings -- > tel priority mode ) .then change the mx700 's ring count to a higher number ( the default on my mx700 was set at two ) to avoid the machine and you answering the call at the same time . do this by going to the fax menu - > maintenance settings - > fax settings - > rx settings - > incoming ring . then select a high number like 7 ( up to 30 ) .the tech rep also advised me the mx700 monitors the line when in use and if it detects a data tone , the unit will go into fax mode and start making the fax noises . this can happen if you inadvertently push a button on the phone keypad and cause the phone to make the touch-tone sound . « show less
i have had the canon mx 700 for over a year and i have replaced 3of the four at least twice and i have to replace cyan and magenta as we speak . good quality printing , very expensive to maintain ink . my suggestion..buy a hp
yes you can . it 's not loud but you can hear the buttons you push .
yes it is
you can store up to 13 frequently called numbers ( up to 32 digits each ) . three of the thirteen stored numbers ( e1 , e2 , e3 located at the top of the display ) allows one touch dialing of emergency numbers . for the remaining 10 stored numbers , lift handset , listen for dial tone , press the memo button then press number button ( 1-0 ) where the desired number is stored . it also has last number redial .
i bought this phone to use when the power is out . i do n't use it all the time so i do n't know if it can be mounted on the wall .
call waiting is line associated , not set associated
ringer
it sounds defective . mine worked as soon as it was plugged in .
no -- not illuminated at all
absolutely . font size 6 is the smallest legible in my opinion , and you can put 9 lines on the 1.1 in tape or 20 lines on the 2.4 in . so , unless you have hundreds of ingredients , this printer should work for you .
the smallest label that brother makes is 0.66 in x 2.1 in , which is really too large for jewelry .
120 volts ac 1.7 amps .
i 'm sure this printer would work fine.i am not sure it would be the best choice.only back and white . also , not sure how creative you can be with the software.you may want to consider a color printer and avery labels . would be more flexable and give you the ability to be more creative .
no voltage adapter ; 110 cord straight into the outlet .
it seems that several people are using the ql-570 to print fba labels . check the discussion at https : sellercentral.amazon.com forums message.jspa ? messageid=2712299
good idea . you can print from excel , works like a printer . set up print area and narrow margins to match the label size . they sell a continuous paper roll without adhesive that may work for a receipt . dkn5224 $ 15.99 on amazon . good luck .
you probably can go to any engraver avd have a plate made to specs i believe . i do n't think it would be hard or exurban e timid . hard timid
i 'm not sure what you are asking ... . please rephrase or elaborate
yes you can order different plates for this embosser . just contact the company .
i bought this for my dorm . i bought command strips for it because we are not allowed to use nails . i have n't had a problem with damage !
dry erase calendar board in frame . not paper .
cisco
yes it is .
this is a wired only voice over ip speaker phone typically used on corporate phone networks .
no it does not
if you bought smartnet from cisco , yes.i did not buy one but they seldom are defective . the one i have works really fine .
no power supply , we used a poe switch to power it .
the purpose and beauty of this product is that it powers off a switch that has power of ethernet ports built in . so there is no separate power supply . the switch port that this plugs into powers the device itself . only only cable to the device .
no the microphones must be purchased seperately .
yes as long as it is thick enough to slide in .
i do n't know if it will work . our time clocked worked flawlessly for a couple years , then just quit keeping accurate time .
yes . it punches date , and it underscores pm times .
we use the time card that is pictured with the time clock . i would think as long as it is smooth paper it should work ... .it has to slide in the slot on the time clock .
it 's is not smokey at all . it is very clear , and easy to read .
there is an area in the back where two screws can attach it to the wall . that plate , then , locks back onto the rear of the clock .
i use tops form # 1275
the device does not include pc software . purchasable software does exist to work with the device on windows 7 .
no ; with the battery charged you are completely portable.you must connect to the computer to 'download ' the scanned codes from the device.you will also plug it in to charge it . but other than that you are portable .
not bluetooth - usb only . do not know about scan power . works great for readerware .
hi robert , connecting the device to a usb port will only recharge the battery . however , connecting via a bluetooth dongle will work . hope this helps .
i 'm not sure ... the drivers and software available on opticon 's website are only labelled as compatible with windows 32-bit , or 64-bit . i 'm pretty sure it will work with windows 8 though . i suppose you can send opticon an email and ask them .
yes , base is a charger and it does come with batteries .
my base is a tg6311 so i ca n't help you . my handsets are 630 .
no , i do n't believe so . never needed to , but ca n't find anything in the owner 's manual to indicate that call forwarding is a feature . i believe that feature is only available through your phone company .
yes it does come with a charger . even though i did not need it it has come in handy to have a extra charging base : )
i have two of these wall mounted in my home . geo
yes , mine was compatible
this is a wireless remote that works with a panasonic phone base station . it wont work by itself .
yes - same setup i have . only difference is the handset keypad has black buttons and the numbers light up compared to the sets that came with the system where the entire keypad button lights up . otherwise , works great .
i purchased it as an extension formy model # kx-tga931t and it works just fine . i think it is interchangeable with the other `` 900 '' series phones .
i use the 9341t answering machine with mine - i actually use the tga931t handset with the 9341t machine so i think it should work fine but ca n't guarantee it !
yes
i think you are asking if it comes with a power cord and the answer is yes . if you are asking something else i 'm not sure what the question is . i hope this helps .
to the best of my knowledge the handset is specifically designed with the matching handset and not any other type . i am not aware that they could be bought separately . if you have a different handset with it 's own base , yes they will work together , but not interchagably .
yes it does ... ..i have had no problems at all with it and it works in any of my other cradles just like the orig . set.. just remember to sync w the base when you get it ... ... .
yes , speedgonzo beautiful backlight .
not perforated but they seperate easy enough . i had no problem with them .
i print pictures all the time on these post cards . i am not sure of your meaning of one side . if you have a duplex printer , no problem placing a pic on side and text on the other . if you mean something like text on the left and a pic on the right , that is easy too . insert the pic and format the pic placement with `` all through '' . that way you can place the pic anywhere on the card . create a text box and place your text inside . makes the card nice and neat .
i would n't use these w my laser printer -- i have both that and an inkjet and i use the inkjet to print . i do a great amount of printing and go thru lots of these cards . they 're too thick , for one thing , for my laser printer . i like the weight -- the laser cards are thinner and do n't present as well . the other issue i have is that the laser printer generates more heat and tends to curl any paper or cardstock that 's meant for inkjet printing . these have always been a good buy on amazon.com but the one other problem that 's cropped up with this particular card is that the last two containers of 400 cards per have n't been `` clean tear '' . they have `` ultra-fine perforations '' . i may have to change product because i 've been buying this same 8577 container of 400 for a couple of years and they 've been clean tear until this last order . i would n't use these w my laser printer -- i have both that and an inkjet and i use the inkjet to print . i do a great amount of printing and go thru lots of these cards . they 're too thick , for one thing , for my laser printer . i like the weight -- the laser cards are thinner and do n't present as well . the other issue i have is that the laser printer generates more heat and tends to curl any paper or cardstock that 's meant for inkjet printing . these have always been a good buy on amazon.com but the one other problem that 's cropped up with this particular card is that the last two containers of ... » read more i would n't use these w my laser printer -- i have both that and an inkjet and i use the inkjet to print . i do a great amount of printing and go thru lots of these cards . they 're too thick , for one thing , for my laser printer . i like the weight -- the laser cards are thinner and do n't present as well . the other issue i have is that the laser printer generates more heat and tends to curl any paper or cardstock that 's meant for inkjet printing . these have always been a good buy on amazon.com but the one other problem that 's cropped up with this particular card is that the last two containers of 400 cards per have n't been `` clean tear '' . they have `` ultra-fine perforations '' . i may have to change product because i 've been buying this same 8577 container of 400 for a couple of years and they 've been clean tear until this last order . « show less
they are totally customizable - do n't have anything preprinted on them
i would say they are a bit thinner ; certainly thinner than the average travel postcard , but they are n't what i would call `` flimsy , '' either . if i recall correctly , regular paper is about 20 # , regular postcards are about 80 # , and i 'm guessing these are about 50 # . my duplex laser printer printed on both sides easily . i do n't think it would have handled heavier weights that easily .
it is 22 3 4 '' l x 10 '' w x 3 15 16 '' h. i have n't seen a keyboard that would n't fit .
yes , it 's a slide pad . it 's very handy . it 's made out of mousepad material and lets you slide your laptop underneath easily after connecting all your cables .
it is customizable . those pieces are not fixed . i consider them accessories and use one of the two pieces at another desk .
the one that i bought does not have a turntable for the monitor .
yes
2mm
2 mm
no , it comes in different colour leads but you can buy a thin 2.3 mm thin eraser http : www.jetpens.com tombow-mono-zero-eraser-2.3-mm-circle-silver-body pd 1747this one fits .
i am not sure ca n't find the directions . i am hoping when i finish one color , the little left will fall out . i ca n't pull a color out now . the lead is thick . they do pentel , has a colored lead one with point 7 lead which i which i had as i write with that in a lead pencil . hope this helps !
32 leads , four of each color . this pen works better than the original pentel marker , which was also good .
multi 8 red ( 2mm x 58mm color leads ) multi 8 blue ( 2mm x 58mm color leads ) multi 8 brown ( 2mm x 58mm non copy leads ) multi 8 light blue ( 2mm x 58mm non copy leads ) multi 8 green ( 2mm x 58mm color leads ) multi 8 yellow ( 2mm x 58mm color leads ) multi 8 orange ( 2mm x 58mm color leads ) multi 8 brown ( 2mm x 58mm color leads )
try pulling the plunger button , then there might be an eraser stopper , pull that out as well ? i did n't have to yet , but that is usually the way to do it on most mechanical pencils .
pull out the eraser , insert new leads .
no , it pumps from the back end .
the stand is free-standing - you can place it anywhere on a table or desk . it 's been very stable for me .
yes they can ... i have 2 24inch monitors mounted under the top of my hutch . one side is a bit lower than the other to clearthe shelves on the hutch . works great ...
i found this stand was not tall enough to meet the ergonomic needs for 4 out 5 people in my office . we had to purchase additional stands to put underneath to get the line of site correct . there are other cheaper , taller , and fully articulating stands one could buy .
no . it can only be mounted to the pole stand .
height is adjustable . mine sits at 17.5 '' to the top . width can adjusted . width of your monitors x 2. mine sit at angles touching in the middle total 34 ''
i have 23 '' monitors , and i have about 6.5 '' from top of desk to bottom of monitors .
sure . the arms pivot on a center post and have about 225 degrees of usable motion . the size of the monitors limit the minimum angle that is usable . i have two 23 '' monitors attached at the very ends of the arms using about 160 degrees . that provides a pretty good viewing angle for both monitors .
duct tape , of course ! seriously , if you do n't have a vesa-ready monitor ( threaded holes on the back ) , then your monitor was not designed or intended to be mounted on such a stand . in practical terms , you are limited to using the stand that your monitor came with .
8 1 4 '' length x 6 3 4 '' width
8 1 2 up and down ... 7 1 8 across
no . it is permanent spiral bound , not constructed as a 3-ring binder .
the alphabet tabs are made from the same very sturdy paper as each page of this address book . we have had several pomegranate address books and the alphabet tabs have never failed broken or torn loose from the page .
no . just the forms
24 but count on having spare in case of errors
the ones i purchased were 2012 forms . its not clear if this offering is 2013 .
it should be compatible with an inkjet printer .
the ones i ordered were 2014. i did see 2013 forms available as i was shopping , though . you will want to do a specific 2013 search .
yes
yes , absolutely . that 's how i use them every year.i do print to pdf first so i can look at them and keep an archival copy , but l do it from quickbooks .
the height from the desk to the bottom of the shelf is 7.5 '' . the distance between the legs is approximately 18.25 '' .
it 's just over 18 '' . my keyboard is 17.5 '' and fits underneath .
yes , it appears you can unscrew it .
the surface area is about 12 inches deep and . you may need some kind of rubber gripper if you were to put a laptop on top of the riser , and obviously , you 'd need your keyboard at your desk level . we use the risers in our office and have our monitors on them , or have used them as a book shelf and still have some surface space below for desk supplies , etc .
i had a 24 '' imac on it with absolutely no issues . it 's very sturdy . i see no problems with a slightly larger monitor
the legs are about four to five inches from the ends of the shelf . i think there is enough room to be useful . on the 30 '' we have our directv receiver under it with room on each side . the 36 '' inch is great as an extra space on a desk with lots of room underneath . we have both sizes and are completely happy with both .
about 11 3 4 '' long . the shelf comes out close to 12 1 4 '' deep . i have a scanner and printer on my shelf . both stick out a bit but it supports it very well .
yes
i would n't think so - too big and heavy .
we have this mounted on our front porch . it is protected from direct rain and sun . it might rust eventually if you have it out in the elements but it works great for people to drop things off for us in a secure place when we are not home .
yes - slots is on longer side of box , as the picture depicts .
no it is not weather resistant . indoor office use only . very thin metal . does not have a tight seal .
i placed it inside a covered parking lot so it is not exposed to rain or sun . i would not recommend you install it in a non-covered area because though it is strong and sturdy it is not very thick .
yes it 's mountable and screws and raw plugs were included
two . i do n't know if you can order more .
the slot is 10 inches long and about half an inch thick .
hi , ms. j.the cart does not include a lid ; it 's open-top , like a milk crate.this thing is surprisingly strong , if not abused . i like mine . thanks for your query.michaelsan diego
maybe about 18 inches . it 's definitely deep enough to store a boom box , laptop and misc teaching supplies i use on a daily basis .
not heavy at all . super light , super durable .
i can get four plastic bags of groceries in the stow away crate .
yes .
yes it will hold a 5 gal water bottle and a little more .
my math indicates the total weight is 61 pounds . so even if the dumbells are somehow able to fit into the carrier simultaneously , my answer is `` no '' . as i indicate in my review of this product `` i used this product 8 times to carry items weighing a total of 35 pounds ( which i weighed to be sure ) , rolling it about 300 feet each time ( so about 2400 feet in total ) over a 4 month period . the plastic bottom broke open , despite the listed 50 pound weight capacity advertised . i would not buy this product again , and will instead try a competitor 's product . `` .
i wanted it for printing 'rack ' cards on my color laser printer . the toner ink did not dry fast enough so they came out smeared .
yes it is .
the only complaint i had was the paper is really thin..and the ink bled ... so the images were not clear at all ... .i did n't like this paper at all .
i do n't know the exact rating , but it was similar to a program cover- not as thick as i expected-
my canon mg5422 has no problems at all at plain paper settings .
i have one , i think the space under your couch must be 3 inches at lest . my couch have only two inches so i remove or not put the wheels and my table is ok maybe better for me . from wheels to table is 25 inches but you can elevate this table , for me this buy was ok
i have n't done that . but i am certain that it can be done . the long arm of the base should be on the same side with the larger board , for proper balancing .
yes
well ! my grandmother has one and it does n't scatrch her hardwood floors
it can go up to 35 inchres high from the ground
it can hold book
no , it does n't rotate at all . as a consequence , it requires enough maneuvering space for the counter bar with rollers to fit , i.e . you ca n't put it between two close objects as a chair and a footstool .
at its widest part , it is 29 inches . the larger part up to the split is over 17 inches wide . the part between the two dark bars on top is 15 inches . i used it to hold a 17-inch toshiba laptop and had room on the smaller side piece for a mouse . should be large enough to hold any laptop you have , i would imagine .
its adjustable . how high is your bed ?
12
pretty good - i used it in a gift , however , so i ca n't speak to durability .
twelve folders .
mine is on my garage wall outside . it has held up w no warping or discoleration . this is not an actual slate chalkboard , rather some type of dark man made surface rough enough to use chalj upon . hope this helps .
no hardware included its a little flimsy but i bout a stand like for drawing ..anything would work on the wall i prefer nails or those clips that holds them into the wall .
no , just a basic chalkboard .
yes you can . it looks nice for professional purposes , but if it 's for kids i would go with dry erase crayons instead . less expensive and easier to clean .
the board is total junk . it 's a plastic surface . worked bad even after i seasoned it .
thin , but yes .
110v not really heavy duty ,
i can view the blades by looking up from the shaving cup , but not able to count blades . i can tell you that they are in a spiral shape . hope that helps
the only thing it says on it is it is 120v . i 'm not sure if that helps .
mine sharpened two pencils , then ceased to work . needless to say , i was very disappointed !
i am sorry i can not help you . mine did not work from day one . very disappointed ! bought one at wal-mart that is working great !
i have already tossed it out , but i am pretty sure it said `` made in china '' on the bottom .
it is 5 feet long .
yes . it does a great job on all pencils .
you will need about 2 '' clearance for the feet . you could take off the casters and fit it under a lower chair . the smaller tray is about a foot wide . the tables also swivel to adjust in different positions . you may use each table interchangeably depending on the size of your equipment .
the difference is 4.5 inches . the two sides can be raised about 7 inches independently of each other .
mary , i use mine for presentations which last for an hour or two and it works great . i do n't think it is sturdy enough to be typing on it constantly as a work station . i think the adjustments that allow the table to move up and down would constantly need to be tightened if it was used as a work station rather than just for presentations .
this may be possible . as i recall , i initially did this by accident during assembly . but it may work to simply rotate the entire unit 180 degrees . but in any case , the large platform is intended to position above the extending leg for better stability . but based on using this unit for about a year ... there is not really very much difference in the size of the trays ... and it is possible to use them level with one another .
they are made of wood particle and covered in vinyl . after more than a year of use , our unit is getting pretty beat up . still works though . the tops have held up well . most of the wear is the metal tubing & screw knobs . so things are more loose than is ideal . still a pretty good value overall given the low pricing .
you would need a clearance of 4 1 2 inches under the bed and then the cart will only go 15 inches under the bed .
this table does not . its supposed to be a presentation cart . its not great as a standing table as it may not withhold the weight of long term typing on it . just a few mouse clicks , as if you were setting up a presentation .
i never thought about using this configuration before , but i checked and it actually can be done . the large shelf can rotate 360 degrees so it can be positioned over the small shelf . but there are a couple of things to keep in mind . first , the maximum height difference between the large surface and the small surface in only about 7 '' . with the hardware that holds the large shelf , this does n't leave much room between the two shelves . the shelves can still be tilted but the surfaces have to stay near parallel to keep space between them , if needed . the second issue is center of gravity . since you can only rotate the large shelf , the entire weight will be over the short end of the cart . this could make it a little unstable depending on the height of the shelves and the weight of items on them . however , i believe it would be easy to take off the bottom piece ( with the wheels attached ) and reassemble the cart backwards - so that both shelves would be over the long part of the bottom piece . actually , the cart is probably solid either way , but this reassembly would add stability . i never thought about using this configuration before , but i checked and it actually can be done . the large shelf can rotate 360 degrees so it can be positioned over the small shelf . but there are a couple of things to keep in mind . first , the maximum height difference between the large surface and the small surface in only about 7 '' . with the hardware that holds the large shelf , this does n't leave much room between the two shelves . the shelves can still be tilted but the surfaces have to stay near parallel to keep space between them , if needed . the second issue is center of gravity ... . » read more i never thought about using this configuration before , but i checked and it actually can be done . the large shelf can rotate 360 degrees so it can be positioned over the small shelf . but there are a couple of things to keep in mind . first , the maximum height difference between the large surface and the small surface in only about 7 '' . with the hardware that holds the large shelf , this does n't leave much room between the two shelves . the shelves can still be tilted but the surfaces have to stay near parallel to keep space between them , if needed . the second issue is center of gravity . since you can only rotate the large shelf , the entire weight will be over the short end of the cart . this could make it a little unstable depending on the height of the shelves and the weight of items on them . however , i believe it would be easy to take off the bottom piece ( with the wheels attached ) and reassemble the cart backwards - so that both shelves would be over the long part of the bottom piece . actually , the cart is probably solid either way , but this reassembly would add stability . « show less
yes , it 's a perfect height for table bed . our bed is higher than normal and it fit just fine .
i do n't think so because i do n't think the stand bottom would fit under the side of the recliner .
neither . it 's kind of a brushed heavy cardboard . it 's not foam and it 's not cork , but it works fine .
i 'm not sure what you mean by `` strength for building a bookcase '' ? this would indeed hold up a set of encyclopedia britannica .
six single
yes it has a non skid pad on the bottom . saves it from sliding from the weight of the books and also your shelf from getting scuffed up .
no idea to tell you the truth . i did not even use them . sent them back because instead of 8 , i got only 4 bookends from the seller . so , i sent them back , and went to the local `` office max '' and and got it for much cheaper price .
it is a pair and it is very good ! i highly recommend : ) i have almost 40 books magazines and it sustains perfectly !
there are two .
pair
yes it is good
on the cover and on the the individual pockets there is printing on them in order to label the individual projects . there are no pre-printed removable forms within the pockets . definitely recommend the product . hope this helps .
quite a bit . i teach 30 kids and have been able to put at least 2 assignments per kid into a pocket . i have one organizer that is 2-3 inches tall with papers .
paper . nice pockets . i had it jammed packed and it stills looks great .
yes jose , i think this would be great for school . each section does not expand very much so if you have a lot of papers it will not work . it 's made pretty sturdy so could last for awhile . good luck .
yes to both . the usb 3.0 is the best part about this stand . it is faster and more reliable than other usb hubs i have owned .
hi francis , it 's universal power supply that switches automatically from 100-240 volts depending on your wall . it has a 2 prong american ( or mor accurately japanese plug ) but you just need a simple us to uk plug ( not the more expensive transformer ) alternatively , you could probably get a 5v ( 1amp ) power suppy at dixons in uk or on amazon uk if you do n't want the clutter of a us to uk adapter in your outlet . let me know if you have further questions . i 've lived in uk for 9yrs so i know all about getting stuff to work !
do n't know . works very well though ; my husband has used his for a couple years and he really likes it .
probably yes . my pro is just barely too thick .
it is 1 inch . the keyboard fits under it perfectly .
hi , alex . this scanner will make individual files of each image ; for instance , if i scan a negative strip with four pictures on it , the scanner will ultimately make four files . if you 're on facebook , check out my page harrison photo restoration & archival service . it shows a considerable amount of the work i 've done with this scanner , including 'before and after ' images . i love this scanner and think it 's amazing .
yes , i use this scanner with mountain lion . the os will scan documents fine without the canon software , but to scan film negatives , the included canon mp navigator software must be used . this software is cumbersome , but once you develop a good workflow it is usable . i use the scanner and included canon software to scan negatives at high resolutions ...
yes
i do not believe the scanner can process negatives . it does come with a special tray for slides .
you will have to disassemble the scanner to get to the bottom side of the glass plate . you will have to use a dish soap to clean it as the plate will get hot from the light source . the best thing to use is the lens cloth for camera lens or eye glasses if you have them and most people do not . dish soap works well in any case . make sure everything is dry before you put it back together . do not touch the lamp when you disassemble the scanner as you will ruin it . do you notice if there is any transfer to the page from the the plate ? if there is none you do not need to clean the plate .
no , it is manual single feed .
it will scan the full scanning bed . i scan as many as 9 items at once , but of course it depends on the size . however , if you want to view them individually it 's easier and quicker to scan them one at a time , rather than breaking up a single composite scan into individual elements.hope this helps .
about 5 '' long
they are heavy paper and cotton strings , so if you live in a desert , it should be ok. if you expect them to get rained upon , i do n't think they will work . you may need some kind of plastic tag , like from a label-maker .
they have strings on them but i am not sure how much information you will be able to enter on them . you can write on both the front and back of tags . i was able to write 4 to 5 lines of information on the tags .
if you really want to use the tile again , i recommend you hire an expert to remove it ... and the glue . hope this helps !
this glue is a form of superglue . superglue vaporizes at a certain temperature . it is better to simply buy a new microwave plate .
i have only used it up to [ it feels like ] 100 degrees . i live in florida .
ehhh . if it 's on an inside surface i would n't . but if used properly and not contacting the inside i think you 'd be fine . just an opinion though .
i do n't know , but i suspect it would . it dries awfully fast . mike
the central pole extends 28 inches above the desk surface it sits on . assuming you trust the the stability of the object it 's mounted to , you should be able to adjust the top monitors to be centered approximately 27.5 inches above the desk surface .
it is very sturdy . we have 4 of them in our office and it was one of the best decisions we 've made . excellent choice and value .
yes , you have excellent configuration choices .
anything that has the standard vesa mounting pattern will work fine . i have 1 23 '' , 1 22 '' , and a pair of 17 '' of various ages , and they all mount fine and the stand is more than sturdy enough to hold them all . led vs lcd should make no difference as far as this stand is concerned . it 's a fantastic stand .
i wouldnt . unless you put pieces of wood between the clamps
the hinges are also steel and the base is welded . i have had mine for a couple years now and still love it . every hinge is adjustable and can tighten .
yes it is but the mounting bracket at the bottom seals the bottom area of the pole . you could always cut the plate off to mount on an inside pole or you could simply remove the quad arms and slide over another pole of equal size retrofitted to your liking . overall , it was a great buy in my opinion ... ... very sturdy in its current 'as sold ' state .
um , no , jeffrey . as you can see , this 4-monitor stand has a 2-screw clamp . the inner sides of the clamp ( which is about 4x4 inches ) are padded to avoid damage to the desk . if you do buy this item , make sure your desktop is at least 1 3 4 inches thick . the monitor stand is not that heavy , but having four monitors will make it moderately heavy . so , if you 're relying on cheap furniture like particleboard , forget it , as you 'll risk cracking and breaking a chunk off your desk and dropping the monitors in the process.by the way , this stand is one of the best things i 've ever bought .
do you mean from the inner edge of the screw to the spine of the stand ? it 's about an inch .
it 's fully adjustable . you 'll be able to accomplish that setup easily . the articulating arms for the bottom and top monitors have the ability to slide up and down the main shift allowing 100 % flexibility . with your bottom monitors touching your desk , you 'll also have the ability to set your 45 degree angle for best viewing .
the stand folds up flat against the back , but the shelf the book sits on does not , so it 's a little bit bulky and would have to be carried in a canvas shopping bag or soft briefcase along with your books . it weighs three pounds . it 's a very good product . amazon has an excellent return policy , so i suggest go ahead and order it so you can see it with your own hands .
i '' ve used it to hold an 850 page sofltware manual ( paperback ) and it works fine , as long as you give it a little tilt .
yes , the tilt degree is adjustable in several ways . it goes from nearly vertical to nearly flat . it 's an awesome book stand .
yes , the jasmine is great and would hold a 1000 page hard-back book . it can hold a book a little bit over 4 inches thick . this is one of the best buys on a product i have made ; especially since i am a college student . no more upper neck pain from looking down to read . the page holder are terrific for those book that seem to want to close .
there is a magnet inside the flat board , near the top . i can tell it helps to hold my ipad and keep it from falling forward . i do n't believe that magnets this weak can damage the digital readers , because my keyboard connects to my ipad magnetically and i 've been using that for years .
5 tilt position and it does not lay flat completely , probably get a 30 degree angle . the surface is smooth enough to write on , but the `` lip '' for the book stand may get in the way . overall a very good product , heavy duty and serves it purpose well .
i have n't tried it . it has a prop in the back which is sturdy but it probably needs a flat surface . would recommend a table tray underneath . it might be heavy after a while since the solid wood is pretty thick .
yes , works great for any such device .
while you do n't have to hold the book , you do need to turn the pages , and depending on the type of binding , some books will not open flat , so every time you turn the page , you need to move the bottom lever to tuck the page under it .
jasmine book stand is for read , if you want to write , you need to hold the book stand with other hand to stablize it .otherwise , it might slide backwards .
no , just the ink
it should . i use it in officejet 5510. its the best ink i have found for refilling .
six , they are good size bottles like in the picture
not sure , but if the cartridge is refillable than this is a great ink . i use it all the time to refill my black cartridges for my hp peripherals .
pigment based
i 'm not quite sure what you 're asking ; however , i 've found that one of the tricks to successfully using this refill ink is to not let the cartridge run out completely . the moment you notice that your printing is becoming streaky or faded , refill the cartridge . another `` trick '' i do is to drill a small hole near the top front of the cartridge so that i can inject ( with refill syringe ) fresh ink without removing the cartridge from the printer . you may need to occasionally remove the cartridge to wipe the print head . i use a tissue and some rubbing alcohol for this . do n't know if this answers your question . good luck . i 'm not quite sure what you 're asking ; however , i 've found that one of the tricks to successfully using this refill ink is to not let the cartridge run out completely . the moment you notice that your printing is becoming streaky or faded , refill the cartridge . another `` trick '' i do is to drill a small hole near the top front of the cartridge so that i can inject ( with refill syringe ) fresh ink without removing the cartridge from the printer . you may need to occasionally remove the cartridge to wipe the print head . i use a tissue and some rubbing alcohol for this . do n't know if this ... » read more i 'm not quite sure what you 're asking ; however , i 've found that one of the tricks to successfully using this refill ink is to not let the cartridge run out completely . the moment you notice that your printing is becoming streaky or faded , refill the cartridge . another `` trick '' i do is to drill a small hole near the top front of the cartridge so that i can inject ( with refill syringe ) fresh ink without removing the cartridge from the printer . you may need to occasionally remove the cartridge to wipe the print head . i use a tissue and some rubbing alcohol for this . do n't know if this answers your question . good luck . « show less
i do n't see why not - the holes should be beneath the sticker . the color cartridge might be trickier - but i found a how to video on you tube . it 's really pretty easy . just got ta be precise so as not to get ink all over you ! if you 're filling a color cartridge , be sure to purchase a pack of the blunt needles ( only about $ 5 on amazon ) - you 'll probably want them filled and ready to go . also - if your cartridge ran dry and has been - it may not work and you 'll have to start with a fresh one - at least that was the case with my hp . but it 's so worth it !
sounds like interference , not the wall . did you add change wi-fi routers , cable modems , electric appliances , etc around the time this started ?
my recent experience ... . trying to salvage my old cordless phones to use with a new base station ... . is that they 've redesigned to charger base so the old phones wo n't fit , and you are required to be on the charger on the base unit to sync ... . so the answer is no .
it has a `` soft '' button that becomes the mute button when you 're on a call . there 's one on the base unit as well as the phone ( s ) .
yes it is , that is the base that we have for it and it works great !
you need to press the off button . cradle is just for charging . phone is not bad.it 's a great phone . i have several and add more as needed
yes it did .
it is a charger and cradle .
yes
i have 2 additional for a total of 3 without a problem .
according to their website and the owner 's manual , no it will not .
it could be best described as somewhere between off-white and very light grey ( white with a tint of grey ) .
no ; not on the version that i received .
9 inches with wheels .
i keep a personal printer on mine and the stand could easily hold more weight , however , i do n't know the actual weight of the printer . to give you and idea of the weight size of my printer , it is an hp laserjet 2200dn . i also store 2 reams of paper on the lower shelf . great printer shelf - it does the job for me !
apparently that is the nature of this printer as i had to do the same after i 'd replaced the black yellow printhead , also replace the magenta cyan printhead . i hope this helps , dave .
no . it is one print head with a black yellow combination . you take out the old unit , ( which was on the left side for my printer ) , and put in the new unit . the hp printer does have two print heads with the yellow black being one unit and the other print head is for the second color combination ( i think it is magenta cyan ) . hope this helps . suzanne hp
derrick , i just replaced my original print heads with these . i have had my hp for 4+yrs . so , i am not really sure what you are asking or if that helps
they look genuine to me . hardly used . i can send mine to you as the problem with my printer was not in the print head.all you have to do is supply mailing address . cost of postage would be appreciated .
2015 03 19
i am a full time college student and i use my space pen ( bullet ) every day in every class . its simply wonderful . i can usually use an entire cartridge in about one year . keep in mind that i use it daily . i 'm also forgetful sometimes and the pen makes it through the washing machine , but does n't bleed onto my clothes . i have n't regretted this purchase ever . it truly works under all conditions .
fisher spr4 refills for bullet fisher space pen , black , 3 pack
i do n't know what a `` # su '' cartridge is . the cartridge in my pen has the following imprinted on it ... '' for # pr4 black med refill send $ 6.00 to : fisher space pen , boulder city , nv 89005 , u.s.a. , www.spacepen.com . ''
your probably looking for exact weight , requires a postal scale - i can tell you it weighs the same as any regular pen . they are well balanced . i only use these pens . i purchase 8 at a time they last me about a year , give a few away and loose few during the year . i always have one with me and one in my briefcase . if you need the exact weight - reply to this post and i will try to weigh it .
i do not believe fisher makes that style of retractable pen most are clicker type . this is a capo matic
the new printhead worked ! really do n't know the answer to your question .
yes it is . i ordered both of the print heads needed for the hp office jet pro 8500 wireless and have had no complaints . i use my printer a lot as i teach in my sunday school and in 2 family history centers and have found the quality to be just like when i first got the printer . great quality at a lesser price . worth every penny
i do n't know . the cartridge itself had hp oem markings . the packaging was non oem
installation is similar to changing print cartridges . the printer contains instructions that display on the status screen on the front when one needs to be replaced .
i really do n't know but mine is still working well
i have thrown the box away , so i ca n't tell you the exact date . however , it was a new printhead with a long experation date . it is working great and i am satisfied with mine . i can only speak for the one i received , though . i 'm sorry i ca n't be of more help .
using the epson scan program , you can do this . this program is surprisingly good , at least compared to what i 'm used to ( i had a canon scanner previously ) . there is an option when you first start a scan telling it to ask for a prompt for more pages . you continue to add pages until you 're done , then click on save , and it saves to multi-page pdf . pretty easy , in my opinion .
i do n't know why that message is there . it has to be a mistake . i ordered and received this item just recently from amazon .
not that i know about , but if you have a mac you can use `` image capture '' to scan . it comes with the os . maybe windows has something similar .
i have snow leopard . i think i went to epson 's website and accessed the directions for the scanner . i 'm not very tech-savvy , but it was n't really all that complicated .
i have only scanned less than a hundred and it has done a good job . it is a slow process so good luck scanning thousands of pictures .
yes . you can also use larger staples if you want it to staple larger jobs .
the deepest this will go is 1-1 4 '' from the edge .
yes
there is a little black nub above the clip . you rotate the yellow cap around and match the 'refill ' printing with the nub . then press the yellow cap down . it will now open the jaws wider and allow the refill and it 's metal sleeve out and a new refill in .
red , navy , turquoise , pink , yellow , green , brown and orange . you can purchase refills for individual colors .
no
there is a little black nub above the clip . you rotate the yellow cap around and match the 'refill ' printing with the nub . then press the yellow cap down . it will now open the jaws wider and allow the refill and it 's metal sleeve out and a new refill in .
i have found refils in lifeway christian bookstores ... also in a big artist supply store . there are also refils available on line from pentel ... . but i 've always found them in local stores .
no . it is a colored pencil .
japan .
if you use it for highligting it will work fine in my opinion . i 'm assuming you are not talking about wax paper . the leads are similar in texture to the colored pencils you 've used all your life .
it can scan via the wireless connection . you have to open the hp solution center on your computer . then scan the document . i believe you can only connect and therefore save the scan to on computer . check out the online hp manual at http : h10032.www1.hp.com ctg manual c01669504.pdf
does the hp 6500 scan to a pdf format ?
i have installed this printer both hardwired and on a network wirelessly and i have always done it on the pc . you should n't need the display to install it . if you 're hardwiring it , plug it into the computer . it will recognize it and you can walk through the installation on the computer . the bad part of having no display is that you wo n't be able to read error codes when you 're using it .
if the cost of ink is important then stay far away from this ink-sucking pig . very expensive ink replacements , wastes ink after every print job , and refuses to print when only one color is low .
we had some issues with the print head , but we simply purchased a new one and it fixed it just fine . there 's no need to buy a whole new printer , contrary to what hp will tell you !
absolutely ! i have only had my hp officejet 6500 wireless for about a week but love it ! in fact , i can not believe the number of negative reviews i found about it . the only thing i can say is the biggest problem is `` faulty users '' ! if people would just read and follow the instructions they would have a lot less trouble getting their units to work . the entire setup procedure to get it working on a home wireless network takes about 45 minutes . i am running windows vista premium home edition ( 32 bit ) on my hp laptop and my hp desktop and it works great . in fact , i did the entire installation procedure from my laptop . the key is read the directions ! too many people try to rush through all of the setup procedures just figuring they know it all . i am fairly computer savvy but i still read the directions . it is a good machine and , by the way , it is also very quiet unlike the descriptions from a lot of uneducated users . i ca n't say about the ink usage yet , but it is probably like most hp printers . the wireless feature is great . absolutely ! i have only had my hp officejet 6500 wireless for about a week but love it ! in fact , i can not believe the number of negative reviews i found about it . the only thing i can say is the biggest problem is `` faulty users '' ! if people would just read and follow the instructions they would have a lot less trouble getting their units to work . the entire setup procedure to get it working on a home wireless network takes about 45 minutes . i am running windows vista premium home edition ( 32 bit ) on my hp laptop and my hp desktop and it works great . in fact , i did the entire ... » read more absolutely ! i have only had my hp officejet 6500 wireless for about a week but love it ! in fact , i can not believe the number of negative reviews i found about it . the only thing i can say is the biggest problem is `` faulty users '' ! if people would just read and follow the instructions they would have a lot less trouble getting their units to work . the entire setup procedure to get it working on a home wireless network takes about 45 minutes . i am running windows vista premium home edition ( 32 bit ) on my hp laptop and my hp desktop and it works great . in fact , i did the entire installation procedure from my laptop . the key is read the directions ! too many people try to rush through all of the setup procedures just figuring they know it all . i am fairly computer savvy but i still read the directions . it is a good machine and , by the way , it is also very quiet unlike the descriptions from a lot of uneducated users . i ca n't say about the ink usage yet , but it is probably like most hp printers . the wireless feature is great . « show less
rebecca , very hearening to hear it may not be 'just me ' . the real problem seems to be that there are two modes of printing in grayscale with the hp6500 . 'black ink only ' is just what it implies ; grayscale rendered with the black ink cartridge only - and with perfectly good grayscale quality too . the other option : 'high quality ' is actually a color dependant mode that , for some obscure reason , sprays a coat of yellow ink onto the image area , in addition to black ink . at least that is the explanation given to me by the hp customer care people . the real problem lies in my inability to use the 'black ink only ' option and any 'double-sided printing ' option both at the same time . you may find relief in using the 'black ink only ' mode by making sure the 'double-sided printing ' option is set to off . if you are still awake after all of this , i include my recent post to all and sundry trying to get someone out there to at least confirm that this phenomenon actually exists , and not just some bizarre short-coming in my specific situation ; as hp has implied for almost a week now ... in short , my opinion is that it is some bug in their software . good luck with your problem ... -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -i need to print grayscale black ink only and use the double-sided printing option at the same time . both have perfect functionality when used seperately , but the 'black ink only ' grayscale option automaticaly reverts to the ( color dependant ) 'high quality ' option as soon as any double-sided printing option is invoked . is it just me ? i trouble you with this only after nearly a week and countless e-mails with the hp customer care people - and many , many hours following up on all of their fruitless directions for a fix . they will not even admit to being able to duplicate this printer preference shortcoming . i thank you in advance for any assisstance . michael keller rebecca , very hearening to hear it may not be 'just me ' . the real problem seems to be that there are two modes of printing in grayscale with the hp6500 . 'black ink only ' is just what it implies ; grayscale rendered with the black ink cartridge only - and with perfectly good grayscale quality too . the other option : 'high quality ' is actually a color dependant mode that , for some obscure reason , sprays a coat of yellow ink onto the image area , in addition to black ink . at least that is the explanation given to me by the hp customer care people . the real problem lies in my inability to ... » read more rebecca , very hearening to hear it may not be 'just me ' . the real problem seems to be that there are two modes of printing in grayscale with the hp6500 . 'black ink only ' is just what it implies ; grayscale rendered with the black ink cartridge only - and with perfectly good grayscale quality too . the other option : 'high quality ' is actually a color dependant mode that , for some obscure reason , sprays a coat of yellow ink onto the image area , in addition to black ink . at least that is the explanation given to me by the hp customer care people . the real problem lies in my inability to use the 'black ink only ' option and any 'double-sided printing ' option both at the same time . you may find relief in using the 'black ink only ' mode by making sure the 'double-sided printing ' option is set to off . if you are still awake after all of this , i include my recent post to all and sundry trying to get someone out there to at least confirm that this phenomenon actually exists , and not just some bizarre short-coming in my specific situation ; as hp has implied for almost a week now ... in short , my opinion is that it is some bug in their software . good luck with your problem ... -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -i need to print grayscale black ink only and use the double-sided printing option at the same time . both have perfect functionality when used seperately , but the 'black ink only ' grayscale option automaticaly reverts to the ( color dependant ) 'high quality ' option as soon as any double-sided printing option is invoked . is it just me ? i trouble you with this only after nearly a week and countless e-mails with the hp customer care people - and many , many hours following up on all of their fruitless directions for a fix . they will not even admit to being able to duplicate this printer preference shortcoming . i thank you in advance for any assisstance . michael keller « show less
thank you
amazon sells the base officejet 6500 as well as the officejet 6500 wireless , which is the e709n . the wireless ( e709n ) model is the one you want-wireless networking , duplexer , twice the ram , and the ability to copy and scan without being connected to a computer .
i have voicemail through my local phone company and i just dial *98 to get into it . or i can dial the telephone number for the voicemail service .
press menu select button , scroll to directory , hit menu select . scroll to store , hit menu select button , store number .
wish i could help you . i have also had mine for some time but without any difficulties . good luck .
your telephone volume might be to high . battery might be low trying to receive voice recognition . other telephone might be off hook or on speaker .
yesthe batery rubs out and you can easily palace a new one
i just read in one of the reviews that it does not offer speed dial ...
yes you can fit 11 x 8.5 documents into the box without folding them . the inside dimensions are 11 3 4 by 9 3 8. also , i have had none of the problems given by some reviewers who have found it difficult to open and to close the box . just takes a little pressure . box is heavy ! at least 50 pounds . recommended .
i think it is on the inside of the lid .
no , not securely .
yes it can , i just tried it . it fits at an angle and could fit maybe a folder of documents on top and some miscellaneous small items underneath .
no . this would not last outside . the top is wood and the metal is not sturdy enough for out side .
if you remove the wheels there is plenty of clearance . with the wheels on , i do n't think it would fit . i use this without the wheels and prefer it that way -- it 's more stable and is easy to pick up and move around , and with the wheels it is a bit too high from where i sit on my couch .
ask seller please !
about 30 inches high at the lowest setting , highest setting is 45 inches ( ground to top of table with table with table parallel to the ground ) .
no it does n't swivel
i believe netstamps are stamps.com proprietary labels with serial numbers , making these labels incompatible with stamps.com . i use these with dymo with their free online service , so they work well !
prints fine for me .
you use endicia software . create an account which may require a monthly service charge . afterwards , buy the postage through the software and print it . be sure to print correctly because if you make a mistake , you wo n't be refunded .
on the sheet of 24 stamps , a stamp is aprox 1 1 4 inches by 1 1 4 inches .
no , they are for endicia ( cheaper than stamps.com )
yes . there are 24 stamps on a sheet and you can print as many as you want in any denomination until you run out of postage . you can buy more postage with your credit card , and it is credited immediately
johnthis , just the best writer i 've ever had , was leaky with the converter and i had to switch to cartridges . i found a converter at http : www.coloradopen.com product waterford-kilbarry-edge-fountain-pen graduation and may try with another so i can mix my ink again .
absolutely . i only use bottled ink . refillable certridge comes w the pen .
my pen has never had an problems . i did have a problem with another one and called the 800 number on their website . they were very helpful and we fixed it . it 's been a while and i do n't really remember the issue . good luck !
yes there is
no
i printed mine from microsoft office and word . there is a drop down selection for labels and it covers all the sizes .
no border around the label . they are black white labels side by side , 2 labels per page .
it is not bluetooth and does not have an aux audio jack , so most likely not .
yes absolutely . have used for gotomeeting and skype with win7 pro . can not comment on win8 or 8.1
nope
unfortunately , not a good system . would not recommend it .
i 'm sorry i have n't had a conference calls
of course you can !
yes , toward bottom , on right side of base unit .
no
i could n't get it to load in the cartridge ! so , hard to tell !
it is accurate .
could n't figure it out . if you do , please let me know at nanci @ aquaholicsurf.com thanks !
i have never had an issue with this ink . performs outstanding and looks great . i believe your system only requires 4 colors add this kit is for the six ink system . good luck .
no
i have n't , but considering it 's ink designed for use on paper , i doubt it 'd work as well as paint made for cars . it washes off pretty easily from non-porous surfaces , and the colors do n't really show up well unless they 're on a white background .
cordless handset has a port for a headset on the side of the cordless handset . ( headset does not come with the phone . ) ( no port on base . )
i do n't see any reason the two bases ca n't be used with the same two lines ; however , i 'd imagine each of the handsets can only be linked to work with only one of the two bases not both at the same time .
yes
yes both can be shut off . the answering machine can be shut off for either line 1 or line 2 or both . the ringers for each handset and the base are independently controlled and can be set individually and shut off individually .
yes , when you push the button for line 1 or 2 , it is automatically on speaker . just push 1 or 2 and dial . if you want to go off base speaker , just push the same line number on your headset and then hit the line number on the base to hang up the speaker on the base . if you are on the handset and want to switch to the speaker phone on the base , just hit the line number on the base and then hang up on the handset by hitting off or the line number again .
100 foot plus
it is caller id capable and it tells you which line is ringing .
no splitter required . there is a jack for l2 and another for l1+l2 combined . if you have both lines on 1 plug use only the l1+l2 jack . if you have separate plugs put line 1 into l1+l2 and line 2 into l2 .
it 's ok but i still would n't buy this vtech unit again
yes
hi constantine , yes , i got it with the power supply.thanks , serge .
rj9 . that said , if you plan on purchasing an rj9 headset , be careful they are not all the same . look for yealink compatible rj9 . example : for plantronics you would need a u10p-s , not u10p or cis . check the vendor site ( yealink or headset manufacturer ) for compatibility .
please take a look at this link indicating what you should be able to configure open vpn on the phone as a client to connect to an openvpn server at your business or home network.http : www.yealink.com upload t2x 20131125 openvpn_feature_on_yealink_ip_phones.pdf
cat5 connected directly to the router switch . it also has a `` computer '' port that you can plug the cat5 from your computer into , this allows the phone and computer to share a single wall cat5 port .
yeah it does support caller id .
you have have sip trunks to have voip service . check www.voip.msthey provide cheap service and you can port your number .
yes to ethernet pass through . the port is 10 100. you need the t42 to get gigabyte .
mine did .
this phone comes with a handset . i think you are referring to a headset . this one works well with the yealink phone , yealink yea-yhs32 headset with noise canceling
yes it does ... i have weprint set up from laptop and it prints wirelessly to my hp printer ... hope that helps .
you can change the color or b &w; settings on any printer.cntl+pselect a printer you wish to use and click preferenceclick the paper quality tab and there will be the color option.selected black and white and clicked okanother window may pop out say incapable printing settings , just select `` resolve all conflicts for me automatically . '' and click ok.if a color ink cartage is out of ink and did n't set it to b &w; , it will still try to print it in color and end up with a discolored and faded image on the sheet .
no
mechanically , the printer works fine . however , the software is horrible and it has a lot of bugs in it . there is no way to install the software without the massive amounts of bloatware that it comes with . the software also corrupted my computer , as the drivers that come with it are terrible . you can confirm much of this by goggling the printer yourself . these problems are common with some , but not all hp printers .
i do n't own this printer , but i believe the printer uses two different types of black ink ( at the same time , in different slots ) . so , for the printer to work , you would have to have all the color cartridges installed as well as both black cartridges - one of each type .
the tip on this marker is 6mm .
not recommended . works best on chalkboard . does n't even work very good on paper ... on fabric ... i would say no .
i guess you can write , the issue i had with this marker was that it was impossible to erase what i wrote , i had to paint over it ... not so convenient !
it works well . it works really well as long as the chalkboard is clean . when you shake it and press down the tip the ink comes out fluidly and makes writing on a chalkboard really easy . this pen writes really clearly too , straight and crisp , no smears . however , when you wipe it off with a rag , it must be dry . if the liquid is not dry then it will smear horribly . so if you plan on teaching or something with it , where you erase often without time between , i 'd reconsider . instead get one of those pen holder things that hold chalk and make it like writing with a pen .
i think it may work . it is a white marker . i am not 100 % certain that it will work on steel but i think it will . sorry i could n't be more definite .
i 'm using the white chalk marker and it came off using a wet rag . is your surface an actual chalk board ?
i tried to use them on a chalkboard sign as a program for my wedding-the pen did not work at all , it dried almost clear . we ended up grabbing some paint pens last min .
yes .
no , they were 2014. you can still get 2013 from irs.gov .
yes it is .
after june 1st all forms are for current tax year we no longer have year 2013 - sorry
i have used the laser link software for several years and it has always worked well for me .
yes , they are for 2014 and they work perfectly in laser printers
i just purchased these 1096 forms earlier this month ( january 2014 ) . they are for 2013 .
5 pack = 5 forms
no the cutters are fixed to cut down the middle and cut off the edges ... then to cut for the cards
i do my card in 110lb stock and no problem at all . you have to do one page ( 10 cards ) at a time . but goes very quickly .
the blades are preset so it only cuts standard card size the best that you can do is make the card a vertical card at 3 5 x 2. great product though saves us a bundle
you can use any avery set but you can also use publisher and open up a business sized template which will then set it up for you but you have to select `` edit '' before printing to put in the proper allingment numbers . are you doing a full bleed card or a non ble d card ? full bleed is where the colors extend to all borders and there are no white spaces .
it 's not too heavy , 3.5 lbs the most dim . 13x6 , i 'm just estimating i bought it for a friend in honduras he has a print shop and uses it for small orders of business cards and he is happy about it
not really . too much drift with most printers .
i have installed 3 out of 6 and they all work perfectly . print quality are pretty good as well . the cartridges appear to be from coming from refilling used original hp cartridges and with a new chip on it .
it should . and even if the ink shows it 's expired , it should work just fine , just hit ok on the menu . i 've been purchasing this cartridges for about 3 years and have never had a problem with them . because i use black more than the color , my printer will sometimes say the color ones are expired and i should change the cartridge but i just hit the ok button and everything works fine . the ink , both black and color have always given great color for me .
made by someone else . they have worked flawlessly .
no . six colors . one each .
different model , so probably not . search for cartridges by model number .
yes
yes
it 's just one big pice
not sure but it looks pretty complete . it does n't have federal info though .
it only prints special black i 'd cards . no disks . you can check with printer company if your model has the ability to print on special inkjet disks . most require an adapter plate as special printer mode to print on a disk . with epson they provide the adapter with the printer at the time of purchase . you can check manufacturer specs on the model printer for the option of printing on disks . then do a search on amazon for the needed adapter . which will print one disk at a time using special software for creating a layout for a disk . most manufacturers provide that software on the driver disk that comes with the printer . it only prints special black i 'd cards . no disks . you can check with printer company if your model has the ability to print on special inkjet disks . most require an adapter plate as special printer mode to print on a disk . with epson they provide the adapter with the printer at the time of purchase . you can check manufacturer specs on the model printer for the option of printing on disks . then do a search on amazon for the needed adapter . which will print one disk at a time using special software for creating a layout for a disk . most manufacturers provide that software on the driver disk ... » read more it only prints special black i 'd cards . no disks . you can check with printer company if your model has the ability to print on special inkjet disks . most require an adapter plate as special printer mode to print on a disk . with epson they provide the adapter with the printer at the time of purchase . you can check manufacturer specs on the model printer for the option of printing on disks . then do a search on amazon for the needed adapter . which will print one disk at a time using special software for creating a layout for a disk . most manufacturers provide that software on the driver disk that comes with the printer . « show less
you need to install another driver in order to print properly on the cards . as wilfred mentioned below you need to install the r280 driver , and choose that printer when you print and it will print properly .
typically two types of cd dvd print trays seem to come with epson inkjet printers as oem part ; rectangle one that came with older models and squarer one with new models . mine was older rectangle one measuring roughly 6 '' wide by 9 '' long and this tray measures exactly same and worked perfectly . i saw pictures of l800 cd dvd tray at epson website and it looks similar . measure your oem tray and if it measures approximately 6 '' * 9 '' go ahead and buy it confidently . be prepared to waste several pvc id cards initially as you learn to print the images precisely . good luck .
bueno yo te recomiendo que mires lo que otras personas adquieren cuando comprarán epson stylus ex610 , pero yo estoy seguro que si te funciona .
i do not think so . the id card tray is narrower . i have seen cd-shaped id card holders that may work .
i use epson stylus photo r280 . i bought this printer specifically to use with my blank pvc card .
no . you want the r200 tray : pvc id card tray for the epson r200 r210 and more
you have 16 '' of clearance on the bottom shelf so you should have plenty of room for a 14 '' tower . you have 6.75 '' of clearance on second shelf .
the only problem i had was putting together the 3 shelves of the stand . it is n't obvious in the amazon pictures but these are each in 2 pieces ( i assume to make a smaller package for shipping ) and i ended up using a wooden meat hammer to beat them together . the rest of the assembly is easy and it makes a solid shelf .
yes . do not install the middle shelf . when instructions say to install the middle shelf , install the top shelf in it 's place and you will still have a finished top shelf . hope this helps .
i do not believe it is possible to do what you want . sorry ! it sure is a nice printer stand .
i have a hp6500 on top of mine and a full case of paper on the bottom shelf with no problems . it 's 4 a printer what r u planning on putting on it ?
the bottom shelf is about 3 '' from the ground . the middle shelf , if placed on the taller posts , is 18 '' above that . ( i actually reversed the order of the legs , placing the middle shelf on the shorter posts ( which are 8 1 2 '' tall ) and the top shelf on the taller posts so that i have paper on the bottom and room for two printers above . )
no
yes it has and quite nice one . well for me its nice
there is , i have used it from the 2nd floor of our townhouse to the basement . i do n't think you will have an issue .
they 're fine . no problems .
if your phone service has caller id , the phone system will announce incoming calls through the speaker so you can screen incoming calls . you can also store phone numbers that you do not want to eceive and the phone system will block those calls after just one short ring . very nice way to get rid of those telemarketing calls .
the kx-tg6533 says it has a speed dial ... 10 number speed dial but i have yet to find it.i just bought it and i can not see where you program any speed dial numbers ? love the phone but i got it because i like having speed dial . so may go back tomorrow .
i have had no problems with mine . i do wipe them down occasionally .
yes , jean , according to the operating instructions booklet , the `` talking caller id '' can be turned off .
yes they do
i do n't think so , at least not out of the box . it comes with two usb cables , but one is just to supply the power to the scanner
scan them ?
this scanner has a single usb 2.0 plug to a micro usb plug cable . although there is usually more than one usb port available to use on your pc , there is only one micro usb plug output on the scanner . i am sure that there is either a splitter cable , or a usb hub that can take the signal from the scanner and send it to two different usb 2.0 ports on two separate pc 's . research splitter cables and or hubs to see if this is possible . hope this helps !
the are 192 pages in each book and each page has 22 rows that you can write on . the first page will say `` this journal belongs to : '' followed by a few lines to fill it in however you like .
yes . little lines but yes it is lined
it is lined paper
if you mean replace the paper with new one then no . you 'd have to buy a new journal
this journal is smaller than that . it is about 3x5 lined paper . approximately 120 pages .
it has a small pocket inside that can hold small scraps of paper , a few business cards , receipts , etc .
this phone seem lighter than the standard phone
yup , it 's glossy .
i just took delivery of one today ( 2 18 15 ) : clearly marked `` made in china '' on the bottom .
yes , it is ! i like the phone . and the traditional ring is awesome !
yes , this works with any asterisk based ip-pbx .
the polycom stands by itself it does n't need another phone to work it is a phone just a different type .
should work fine . is it compatible with your ip phone system ?
i use a poe ( power over ethernet ) switch . this should work if you have nothing else like it : tp-link tl-sf1008p , otherwise you can get a big 24 port switch and have it power more of your office equipment . not sure on just a regular power supply though .
not sure i used it out of the box on a mitel 5000 system . though i had licenses to do so . i think its sip .
if you 're asking if it has blue tooth capabilities . no it does not .
yes i 'm sure they will
i do n't know if they will fit that particular stapler ; but i have swingline 's 800 # so youwould be able to call and inquire . it is 1 800 820- 6220. hope this helps ! ogieyoungnhip
the box says , `` made to swingline standards in china '' .
according to wikipedia , all swingline products are manufactured in china . i do not have the box in front of me at the moment to look and see if it says where it is made , but the wiki article was updated in 2013 .
the swingline s.f 4 staples fit into standard office type staplers . if you are looking for heavy duty staples , the will not work . however , for the general all purpose , regular staplers , these are excellent .
yes , it is portable although not really designed to be so . i do geneology research on my family , and take my v330 with me almost everywhere , just in case i discover old documents or photos i need to copy ( the copying is manual , one sheet or print at a time - there is no sheet feeder ) . since the v330 did not come with a carrying case , i use a cardboard box with some padding to protect it . actually , a laptop case would be ideal for traveling with the scanner ( i just thought of that ! ) . the v330 does an excellent job of scanning documents , photographic prints , and photographic 35mm slides . in the past year i have scanned approximately 15,000 photographs and 35mm slides and it is still going strong . i highly recommend it . yes , it is portable although not really designed to be so . i do geneology research on my family , and take my v330 with me almost everywhere , just in case i discover old documents or photos i need to copy ( the copying is manual , one sheet or print at a time - there is no sheet feeder ) . since the v330 did not come with a carrying case , i use a cardboard box with some padding to protect it . actually , a laptop case would be ideal for traveling with the scanner ( i just thought of that ! ) . the v330 does an excellent job of scanning documents , photographic prints , and photographic 35mm slides . in ... » read more yes , it is portable although not really designed to be so . i do geneology research on my family , and take my v330 with me almost everywhere , just in case i discover old documents or photos i need to copy ( the copying is manual , one sheet or print at a time - there is no sheet feeder ) . since the v330 did not come with a carrying case , i use a cardboard box with some padding to protect it . actually , a laptop case would be ideal for traveling with the scanner ( i just thought of that ! ) . the v330 does an excellent job of scanning documents , photographic prints , and photographic 35mm slides . in the past year i have scanned approximately 15,000 photographs and 35mm slides and it is still going strong . i highly recommend it . « show less
the manuel says `` attention apple mac osx 10.7 lion users '' do not insert your epson product cd . go www.epson.com support lion for special instructions for insalling and other compatability info . nothing about osx 5.8. good luck
epson 's proprietary scanner software has many options that i find useful . you can contact epson if you are seeking bundled software that might be included on the installation disc . i only installed the scanner software , but i believe the disc also includes : media impression 2 and scan-n-stitch software .
the scanner has an on-off button located at the bottom right side of the key pad . this key is used to turn the unit on and off . to turn it on just push the button , i usually hold it in over one second . to turn it off just hold the on off key in 5 seconds , and the light goes off . enjoy
sorry , i do n't use the `` stitch and scan '' feature , so i ca n't answer your question . maybe another reviewer can .
you can actually do 2 at a time and it takes about 30 to 45 seconds for both if you do 1 will take about 20 seconds .
i used it for many 35mm color slides and negatives , and got ok results . if you have a windows machine you can use the software that accompanies the scanner to get better results.i chose this one because it is also a good flatbed scanner .
as long as it 's flat , yes . you can choose color or black and white . i actually scanned a photo from my android phone because i could n't find the usb cable . it worked !
yes , i have mine installed in my windows 7 64 bit laptop and it runs fine .
yes . i am currently using it for my 17 '' macbook pro . i 've had the product since this summer and have n't had any problems . i like it a lot .
from the inside of the front lip to the bar pushed all the way to the last notch is 8 3 4 `` ... if your laptop is heavy it can be a bit top heavy ( i have a toshiba satellite 10.5 '' x 14.25 '' ) lowest notch is 7 1 4 '' ... the whole thing is a bit flimsy but i kept it because it does help with ventilation if you tweak it just right ! good luck
yes , it should work fine for that .
i dont think so . it has rotating wheel under it and its not gon na be comfortable sitting on you lap . i think its just made to be use on a desk .
yes i order this stand and my lap top is 15.6 and it works great !
it can scan and save multiple pages but you have to feed each page individually
receipts will go through the doxie with no problems .
their website says it works with windows 8 with special driver installation , but when you click on the link regarding special driver installation , all you get is a blank page . i would go to their website and use the contact link to ask them . it 's a good little scanner if you do n't have high volume .
mine is original and only work of computer using usb power 2.0 with cord .
yes i scan pictures
absolutely but it is slowgreat scanner for moneyi travel with it and scan articles often
do n't even bother with this scanner . it 's complete garbage . does n't even do what it 's suppose to . buy a real scanner .
the manual has a phone number to contact . i remember calling and they guided me to a site that had the drivers .
no
yes . # 2 film works fine .
yes it should . for the cost it 's a neat little device . we are still a film dental office . it makes it easy to scan the film 's for emails or submission to insurance claims . if you can run other microsoft compatible software and plug in a sub connection you should be good . hookup was easy and software is easy to use but not robust . it gets the job done without spending much .
yes
i use easy dental but dentrix is essentially the same program . no , there are no detailed intructions on uploading into a dental software program , only generic instructions on how to use it , but , you should be able to just follow dentrix instructions on how to upload an image into patient documents . as far as full mouth series ... i guess you could , but you can only copy one # 1 or # 2 size film at a time so 16-18 would take some time , and i 'm not sure if they can be organized into a full mouth series `` mount '' image ... that might be a dentrix support help question ? hope that helps .
no ... ..the little tray you see in the picture is just for # 0 or # 1 size films .
you can use this unit as a freestanding item . it creates a jpeg file that can be stored on any computer . i use it in that manner ... .not merged with anything . i do not know if it is compatible with dentimax . i hope this info is helpful .
yes , this has a very good range of motion . the key is to adjust the different tension points so it stays when you want , but can be easily shifted when you do n't . you can actually get the bottom of the monitor below the mounting surface if you mount the arm low enough on the vertical component . i use it with two 24 '' monitors on a desk table that raises and lowers , so i can use this sitting or standing and it meets all of my range needs . i am 6 ' , so that is a good range .
that 's right at the limit
yes
hello , yes this is a great dual monitor stand and will remain stable , and in its position if attached to a sit stand table . the arms that hold the monitors are adjustable and have the ability to be loosened tightened to your liking . i have used three different types and this is by far the best . you can mount on the side of a desk or through a grommet hole .
no , it is not . it requires windows os .
no it is not . it requires windows os.please consider icon rtc1000 or icon totalpass instead .
i was told it does but we have n't hooked ours up yet .
i 'm not sure if you actually need internet access . i do n't think you do . i have it connected to my network in the back of my building and i have the software installed in my workstation in my office . whenever i open the software it connects to the clock and downloads the punches . i have to say , from the reviews i read before buying it , i was n't very convinced it was going to work , but i 'm very happy with how well it works and how easy it was to set up . i 'm running windows 7 but i think it should work with xp too . i hope it helps !
yes , the printer can be fed envelopes and papers from the back , rather than the paper tray .
i have mine connected to the computer which has the win 7 professional os . no problem connecting or operating .
no !
yes all that would fit !
yes , ours is the same . we use our badge to enter the building and rooms . have n't had any problems .
just one .
it is a very rigid plastic sleeve . it held up well as we kept our universal studios tickets room keys in them during a recent visit .
from my experience you can take it out easily . it has a zip lock opening . so if you unseal it then it will easily come out . i leave mine in it all the time and since it 's clear i do n't have a need to remove it .
yes it is : )
27.5 inches
yes , as long as the countertop is secure and wide enough for the mounting bracket . i 've read the previous answers and must say that mine has stops , it does n't fall off the track . if you need to lower it , you can do as i did and secure a wood strip under the counter and mount the bracket to that .
depends how you mount it . with the mount just about flush with the front face of a desk , you can get up to about a 5 '' gap between the tray and the desk .
about 4 inches .
it will only rise to the height of the mounting . when raised up to full height , it extends flush with the bottom of the the desk and the keyboard mouse are level with the surface of the desk i have it mounted to .
that depends on how you mount the tray . if your desk is deep enough ( front to back ) you can certainly mount the tray such that it will go completely underneath . with that said , it could potentially restrict the upward range of motion when fully extended .
i agree the picture is misleading , the picture looks like two types of purple but it is one purple a red and a pink . i do not see a red and a pink in the photo
colors are black , blue , red , green , purple , turquoise , and pink . a different set with 2 or three variants was on internet 2 months ago when i bought mine appently is obsolete .
the ones i got were exact from the picture complete with red and pink .
the problem was that the colors shown on the site appeared to be different ( way different ) hues than the ones in the standard multi-colored package . ( or for that matter , in the package depicted in the attachment below ... have they changed the illustration they were using ? ) the apparent hues were , i thought , very appealing and so had purchased them . i was n't the only one who made this mistake ; other reviewers ( i read these after-the-fact ) mentioned that the pictured colors did not match the actual colors . actual colors are : black , green , red , dk blue , purple , aqua , pink .
the unit i received is well built . it is supporting a brother laser printer , after 6 months no problems . looks great on my desk . hope this helps , bob
6 1 2 , we love it
it is closed in the back and the opening is 2 1 2 and 3 inches .
i had a 27 '' apple cinema display on it without any problems . this is a very sturdy and very tasteful way to raise a monitor .
they contact you once you place your order
mine is 1.5 ''
purchased in june 2014. still going strong . just used for 50+ christmas cards .
i need a refill now as well ... .really like the stamp ... let me know if u get an answer on refill ... .thanks !
place the documents face up in the tray on top , press the scan button on the printer , then go to windows fax and scan on your computer on that screen press new scan , then press scan , then on the window that pops up in the source box pick feeder and press scan .
it does well with scanning and copying on windows 8. i have n't tried it with linux yet . we 've been very happy with this printer . my only gripe is how fast the cartridges run out . they are small so it 's to be expected . i would definitely buy this printer again .
go online ... i just found this link . it should take you to your manual : http : www.manualowl.com p canon pixma-mx420 manual 68072
it will but not automatically . if you select duplex printing it will print the odd numbered pages then ask you to put the paper back in upside down to print the even numbers on the back .
i got the printer long time ago , i do not remember exactly , but i put the cd comes with the printer in the computer and i followed the steps , the steps will lead you , but i do not remember the steps exactly .
you can use the picbridge cable to go from your camera to the printer . you can also use usb 2.0 to connect to a pc .
no
download the drivers from the canon website . http : www.usa.canon.com cusa support consumer printers_multifunction pixma_mx_series pixma_mx410 # driversandsoftware
i 'm not sure what you mean by the single ink system . there are two cartridges , one for black and one for color . the `` fine '' is just canon 's own brand description and is supposed to mean that they use fine ink so that the printing will last for a long time ; canon says up to 100 years . this is the pixma mx410 printer . canon makes other models which do use individual color ink cartridges . those are supposed to be more economical to use but in my experience ( with one from hp ) they are not more economical . i prefer the single color cartridge that this model uses .
please go here : http : forums.usa.canon.com t5 personal-printers canon-mx860-repeats-b200-error-code-brought-it-back-to-store td-p 489and read through the solution .
no , it is not high chair . the height of the back stops around shoulders . ca n't support the back of head .
hi . the weight of the chair is 37 pounds .
hi , nancy ... roughly 19.5 inches floor to the highest part of the seat cushion ( measured in the middle of the legs , floor to seat cushion ) . hope that helps !
yes one person can easily put the chair together .
more to the cherry . love this chair-
yep
this calculator does have some physical constants programmed into it , but i ca n't tell you which ones because i returned mine to amazon due to the mixed up keys that i mentioned in my review . i ended up getting an older hp from ebay instead , since i 've had my other hps for so long without any problems , and all the new calculators i 've tried are junk . i think the manual for this calculator can be downloaded from the sharp website and it should have a listing of the constants in it . note that the quality control on these is terrible and the warranty is useless , but it is inexpensive . if you do decide to get one make sure that the keytops on your calculator match the ones in the photos - some on mine were mixed up ( read my review ) and i 'm sure it is n't the only one like that . i was a physics major back in the early 90s , and i had a laminated card that fit in my 3-ring binder with about every constant you 'd ever need on it - more than is in any calculator . i do n't know if they still make those , but that might be a better route - and you could certainly make one yourself . yes , you have to punch them in the calculator manually , but that 's no big deal . trust me , after you do that enough times you will end up having a bunch of the constants at least partially memorized , and that can be a huge help on exams , oral comprehensives , lecturing , etc . this calculator does have some physical constants programmed into it , but i ca n't tell you which ones because i returned mine to amazon due to the mixed up keys that i mentioned in my review . i ended up getting an older hp from ebay instead , since i 've had my other hps for so long without any problems , and all the new calculators i 've tried are junk . i think the manual for this calculator can be downloaded from the sharp website and it should have a listing of the constants in it . note that the quality control on these is terrible and the warranty is useless , but it is ... » read more this calculator does have some physical constants programmed into it , but i ca n't tell you which ones because i returned mine to amazon due to the mixed up keys that i mentioned in my review . i ended up getting an older hp from ebay instead , since i 've had my other hps for so long without any problems , and all the new calculators i 've tried are junk . i think the manual for this calculator can be downloaded from the sharp website and it should have a listing of the constants in it . note that the quality control on these is terrible and the warranty is useless , but it is inexpensive . if you do decide to get one make sure that the keytops on your calculator match the ones in the photos - some on mine were mixed up ( read my review ) and i 'm sure it is n't the only one like that . i was a physics major back in the early 90s , and i had a laminated card that fit in my 3-ring binder with about every constant you 'd ever need on it - more than is in any calculator . i do n't know if they still make those , but that might be a better route - and you could certainly make one yourself . yes , you have to punch them in the calculator manually , but that 's no big deal . trust me , after you do that enough times you will end up having a bunch of the constants at least partially memorized , and that can be a huge help on exams , oral comprehensives , lecturing , etc . « show less
depends on what shirt you wear . it had fit on my light jacket and vest ( on winter seasons ) and also on my back pocket of my jeans . ive never tried on my shirt pocket , but yes ... it will defitely fit . when in use , i personally put it on my binder planner where it was a zipper and velcro pockets and or in my backbqck for safe handling and keeping . ^_^ a very reliable tool . ive always disliked thise rubber buttons . this calculator is a nixe plastic finish and an ease of use ... especially when you are in a hurry .
yes , enough space for a mouse and a coffee mug !
not that i 've seen , i would not recommend this unit ( i am left handed ! )
the box is long gone and looking this over i do n't see anything on it to say where it was made . i use it all the time and love it .
yes
table has micro port , so it needs cable with micro port to be connected with laptop .
i bought one of these only , not sure how it worx with 4 !
i have no idea . my system did n't work . the people on the other end could n't hear me . i am not using this system . no good
yes it does i do not remember off the top of my head how long it was
unfortunately , no . you have to dig into the menu . they just do n't make good phones like they used to !
yes , you can replace the existing handset cord with another one . when i tried it , i had to use a tiny screw driver to release the `` new '' cord as there is not a lot of space to get my finger to do it .
it was a horrible phone..had to throw it away
no
both the coiled cord connecting the handset to the base and the cord connecting the base to your phone jack , have standard plugs , so they can be changed or replaced .
standard short cord . 18-24 '' then stretches to 3 ' or so .
i do n't see a menu button . buttons on front are dial , delete , review , options .
my unit is white
no - that is why i returned it . otherwise it 's a great phone .
could be doa . try sliding the button for slide print in opposite direction . i had one that the power was bad .
a fixed one .
good question - i just use a large sd so never had a problem .
holder may be wrong edge up .
i believe so . our wedding pictures had always been on slides . never had them on a hard copy . i was able to send them to a sd card and then print them out using my computer and printer . i used a kodak printer . wonderful to have pictures !
its electric .
probably only with a step-down voltage regulater
no , not on computer . they scan to sd card . you can see them on box though .
this device does the process of basic scanning and putting the images in jpeg format . after that , an owner would want to use additional software to organize , edit , and sequence the images in an mov or mpeg file with titles , narration , music , and other functions beyond what this item is designed to do .
6 inches and it 's fixed .
it is only recommended for laptops with a similar size to a macbook .
yes the platform is 9 '' wide and 8.5 '' front to back with a nonslip gripping surface . mine is perfect for my 11 '' macbook air .
i 'm using it with a samsung series 7 laptop . it 's almost 9 pounds , and the front lip dips about an inch , but otherwise it 's fine .
i 've had this for a year now , and unless you plan on rubbing your laptop back & forth across the grip , i do n't see that becoming a problem . just put the laptop on & off vertically and you should be fine . great product overall
the base measures 8 inches from back to front .
if you look at the product 's photo you see a black ring in the vertical side of the loft . that ring holds the top and bottom portions together . the two aluminum pieces are `` l '' s that slip into a groove that is the outer edge of the black device . assembled it is quite sturdy , but the pieces connect with a slight friction fit . i do n't know if disassembling and reassembling the stand multiple times would work or not due to eventually wearing away the friction fit . i do n't know if that is a necessary part of the assembly or not , as i have only assembled mine once . to its credit , i do like the stand a lot . if you look at the product 's photo you see a black ring in the vertical side of the loft . that ring holds the top and bottom portions together . the two aluminum pieces are `` l '' s that slip into a groove that is the outer edge of the black device . assembled it is quite sturdy , but the pieces connect with a slight friction fit . i do n't know if disassembling and reassembling the stand multiple times would work or not due to eventually wearing away the friction fit . i do n't know if that is a necessary part of the assembly or not , as i have only assembled mine once . to its credit , i do ... » read more if you look at the product 's photo you see a black ring in the vertical side of the loft . that ring holds the top and bottom portions together . the two aluminum pieces are `` l '' s that slip into a groove that is the outer edge of the black device . assembled it is quite sturdy , but the pieces connect with a slight friction fit . i do n't know if disassembling and reassembling the stand multiple times would work or not due to eventually wearing away the friction fit . i do n't know if that is a necessary part of the assembly or not , as i have only assembled mine once . to its credit , i do like the stand a lot . « show less
it should .
yes . it works with a 17 '' laptop .
yes , your 17-inch macbook pro should fit just fine . below is the compatibility list : macbook air 11 '' macbook air 13 '' macbook pro 13 '' macbook pro 15 '' macbook pro 17 ''
i recall a specification saying that the camera was 5 megapixels . rather low , i 'm not super happy with it .
i had any problem ... well i connected it to a mac ...
i 've had that issue from time to time and i am able to get it to work by disconnecting the usb and re-connecting it again . try that and then start again , once the program starts to work i leave it running until i am finished , even if it 's for a few days . also , do n't worry about the picture quality on the screen viewer window ... the final jpeg you save is good quality .
i used it exclusively with windows 7 , but once the software is installed , i suspect that it will work with xp or windows 8 as well . the software was perhaps the strong point of this system , and the program to clean up scratches and dust worked pretty well .
4 slides , one print
dear janice , i am not sure . i used it on windows 7. sorry i can not help . sallylee
it tries to convert the 120 like the regular slides - that is , anything larger than the `` normal '' slide is cut off . there are places on-line that say they will convert them , but i have n't tried them . i do n't know about glass slides .
i do n't think you will need a instruction manual if you can read japanese , lol ! just kidding there were some picture instructions on the box of the one i ordered . also , if you google `` stapless stapler '' you can find information .
yes
very good , excelent product
it does n't use any staples . it punctures the pages and folds over the punctures in such a way that the pages are held together by the folds .
yes . the arm will slide right off of the top .
yes , or very close to it , and either with the monitor facing up or down . it would depend on whether anything on the back of the monitor sticks out further than where the mounting plate will screw into the back , that might bump into the swing arm before the tilt reaches the full 90 degrees . my westinghouse monitor has the mounting area slightly recessed on the back , so it ca n't quite make 90 degrees but closer to 85 .
it is n't nessicaily difficult , but if you do n't have a good angle on it it can be awkward . if you are adjusting it that much you may want to look at other options .
1.25 inches
from the outer circumference of the upright tube to the back of the monitor is 17 & 1 2 inches .
no , you 're item does n't have a vesa wall mount like this does . this has a 4 hole plate like used on wall mounted tv 's . you may have to contact asus .
i do n't see why not . it 's just basically a c-clamp . very sturdy though ; i would trust it ...
yes it is , i 've also found that it was resourceful to buy the ink refill kit instead of recycling or replacing the cartridge itself ... it 's somewhat messy and for some reason the printer still reads replace the toner but that 's an issue that brother needs to address with the printer function , everything else works as it should .
no
this item was not as advertised . it is not actually compatible
i had the same problem . i finally got mine to fit properly , but i will not order them again . i wasted too much time every time i had to take the cartridge out of the brother and get it back in without it being crooked .
i can say that i am on my first one with this and i have probably close to 1,000 pages so far and not showing any signs of being done , so at least that many . am happy with mine .
not to my knowledge .
yes , there is a slot on the back to hang it . or you can attach it 's stand for desktop use .
no this relalar phone
sorry , i do n't know
yes . i stand corrected . i looked in the operator 's manual for my power slide 5000 by pacific images electronics and it did say it will scan negatives and black and white . i have no experience with those functions so i can not evaluate their quality and how to set-up their use on the machine . hope this revised evaluation helps . paul
no - the scanner sends the scanned slide information to a computer that can then be dropped to an sd card .
i have 2 gb and have no problem with the scanner .
the cyberview sw is installed . i 'm not sure what the rx580 is , but i do have other editing sw installed which i think is pretty common .
1-35mm slide tray that holds 50-each 35mm slides . i have a power slide 5000 made by pacific image electronics . i digitize the 35mm slides by optimizing all of the machines capabilities for tif . each digital image is between 150-250 mega-bits and i first store the images on my hard drive and then down-load to dual layer memorex dvd+rdl with a 8.5gb capacity that formats to 7.96gb worth of 35mm images . after down-load from my hard drive , i erase the images from my computer and repeat the process . i stage each 35mm slide one at a time in the machine as i have found using the 50-slide holder does not stage each slide correctly 100 % of the time resulting in a partial digital copy of the original slide . manual staging results in a 100 % accurate copy . that method is slower but i have no partial digital copies . i hope this helps you to benefit from all of the capabilities of the machine . cheers , paul 1-35mm slide tray that holds 50-each 35mm slides . i have a power slide 5000 made by pacific image electronics . i digitize the 35mm slides by optimizing all of the machines capabilities for tif . each digital image is between 150-250 mega-bits and i first store the images on my hard drive and then down-load to dual layer memorex dvd+rdl with a 8.5gb capacity that formats to 7.96gb worth of 35mm images . after down-load from my hard drive , i erase the images from my computer and repeat the process . i stage each 35mm slide one at a time in the machine as i have found using the 50-slide holder ... » read more 1-35mm slide tray that holds 50-each 35mm slides . i have a power slide 5000 made by pacific image electronics . i digitize the 35mm slides by optimizing all of the machines capabilities for tif . each digital image is between 150-250 mega-bits and i first store the images on my hard drive and then down-load to dual layer memorex dvd+rdl with a 8.5gb capacity that formats to 7.96gb worth of 35mm images . after down-load from my hard drive , i erase the images from my computer and repeat the process . i stage each 35mm slide one at a time in the machine as i have found using the 50-slide holder does not stage each slide correctly 100 % of the time resulting in a partial digital copy of the original slide . manual staging results in a 100 % accurate copy . that method is slower but i have no partial digital copies . i hope this helps you to benefit from all of the capabilities of the machine . cheers , paul « show less
a linear slide tray of 50 slides takes an hour or two at super high resolution . the digital images are large , high res and beautiful . i do a slide tray over night when i use the machine and am very happy with it .
i just downloaded the user manual , and according to this document , the ac power adapter will handle 100-240 volts , 50-60hz input power . good luck .
no it does not . but its a great printer !
yes , but be sure to buy hp cartridges , some others are seen as counterfeit and cause problems with alignment .
yes
yes . makes both black and white and color copies . scans documenta well also .
yes it will work great
seems like it would .
no i have it on stained wood dresser no scratches
it works perfectly for our 65 '' lcd ( an older model that is pretty darn heavy ) . very pleased with this product .
sorry , i ca n't fully answer this question since we have a tv on the swivel . however , i have lifted the tv and spun it with nothing on it ; and it still turned just fine .
i 'll be honest - it should , depending on the circumference of the legs at the base . the manufacturer recommends putting a `` no-slip pad '' on top of the swivel before setting anything heavy on it . i put one under it as well . my 50 '' is easy to swivel on this ; a little too easy in my opinion .
i have a 60 pound hdtv sitting on it right now with no problem . no way it would topple , since the center of gravity is on the disc itself , it should be more stable .
we used it on an older 20 '' analog tv that was very heavy , it it worked fine . i do n't know about a 50 '' flat screen ... .i do n't know if it would be stable .
yea , it has rubberized plastic on the bottom that keeps it in place .
mine is about 5 8 of an inch thick . btw this is a great product.i use it for a tv .
use the larger , 12.8 '' , base . but the 15 '' is better .
61
according to the hp website , 61 and 61xl are the replacement cartridges . are you certain that you are working with a 2050 ?
plugs into the typical wall outlet .
no
have never tried it so not positive but any other printer needs a supply of black and color
stay with the hp ink , you will see over the long run the quality will be suprising . also stay with a mid glossy paper for better results .
i would n't clamp directly to the desk since you want to clamp pretty tightly . put something between the clamp and glass ( cardboard , some rubber , etc ) to help spread the clamping force . once you have it clamped it should be fine though , of course , it is now balanced to the edge where the mounting arm is . if you do n't have the glass secured to the base then it could tilt . that 's less of an issue with this particular arm and more an issue with any weight close to the edge . my desktop tilted back a bit before i remembered to rescrew it to the base . : )
i moved mine out and from the back of the desk to the front of the screen it measured 15 inches - this is with the monitors ( 27 '' ) sitting straight next to each other . i could get another inch or two if i tilted the monitors in at an angle . hope this helps .
yes , one monitor would be on the right and one on the left of the main post though . but yes you could have one facing one direct and one facing the other . you wouldnt ever get them back to back per say .
a complete assortment of most sizes came with the arm .
from desktop ( not including support clamp ) to top of pole is 18 inches .
the center of the clamp screw on the bottom is about 1 1 2 '' in from the inside of the back of the clamp . the top post starts 1 '' in from the edge of the back of the clamp . if you have a beveled edge , you might consider a sturdy piece of wood on top of the table to clamp the stand to should keep it from wobbling . the total depth of the clamp is 3 3 4 '' . the height can be adjust quite a bit , so thickness should n't be an issue.hope that helps .
you can rotate between landscape and portrait without unscrewing the monitor .
i just tried importing with doxie docs and pics scanned from other devices . it would not do this task . doxie gave me the error message that these items were not scanned by doxie . this is a great scanner but will not do what yu ask . i would contact doxie to see if there is a workaround .
you can only scan one side at a time . scan twice if you want to crop two different parts of a doc ... .
yes - i scan both receipts and documents on a weekly basis . just pulled up a couple of walmart receipts and searched for both text and dollar amounts and it located the information .
its actually very quiet , i was surprised to find . i highly recommend this scanner .
not at once , no . you have to take the sheet out and turn it over and scan again . then you can `` staple '' the scans together .
yes , the doxie worldwide power adapter is now packaged with the doxie go.regina @ doxie customer carehelp @ getdoxie.com
doxie one utilizes 300 dpi scanning , whereas doxie go utilizes 300 and 600 for archives . the doxie go has a rechargeable battery , saves scans to external usb sd card or wireless eye-fi sd card . the doxie one will let you save to internal memory and then connect via usb to your pc or mac . a more details comparison can be found here : http : getdoxie.com info compare.html
yes , it does . it is a great scanner
no it does n't
5.25 x 8.25
it does not have tabs for each month that stick out - it lists the months on the side of the page , but its hard to find the months without flipping through each page .
i answered too quickly without realizing what item the question was about . the outside is very sturdy cardboard and i do n't think will fall apart . mine is as `` new '' as when i purchased it . i am not a student , but it suits my purposes very well . i have been very happy with it .
no it 's an academic calendar . june 2013 to june 2014.update : when i purchased it , it was june 2013 to june 2014. it seems they continue to update the posting with different versions .
unfortunately , it is not . isopropyl ( rubbing ) alcohol does remove it , though , if semi-permanent works for your needs .
yes , i used it too create a custom logo for my jeep , it is on for a few days then off , non damaging , works well , suggest non ammoniated glass cleaner to clean both sides preventing marring of vehicle paint
it holds bumper stickers
this magnetic product is not heavy enough . we also cover our vents but the magnetic product we use is twice the thickness .
no
yes
if you threw it in and out of a backpack and laid it out on picnic tables , i suppose it would get dirty given the light color -- it is a canvas material . mine is still clean , but i keep in a bag specific for my sketching and mostly use it at home .
it holds pencils snugly , and if its longer than a standard no2 pencil , probably not . depends on the size of needles .
mine has a diameter of about 2 1 2 inches , full with a mixture of pencils and pens , without trying to compact it at all .
since i also have the micron pens i tested it for you and yes they fit albeit more snugly than pencils . not quite as easy to slide them in and out of the elastic loops , but certainly possible . this portable case and the way it rolls up is very useful so i think you 'll like it .
it can fit 39 pencils ( if i counted correctly ) , a pencil sharpener and there is a large loop that i use for my eraser .
no , it does n't . it does n't work in 1st class or on the exit rows either if the tray table comes out of the armrest .
as long as there is a tray you can attach it even in an emergency row . if there is no tray you ca n't use it . i love mine . it really helps on long and short flights .
it hangs from the tray table . the last international flight that i took had footrests , so i did n't use mine .
not sure , it 's plastic < lb
it is suspended from the arms of the fold out tray , where it meets the chair . seems to be very stable , no wiggling . no complaints from fellow passengers when they realize they can still recline .
not with bulk head . it attaches to seat in front of you via the pull down table .
the size is a good size . was happy with the size . however the wheel assembly wears out after a few months . they need to strengthen that
not sure of the measurement - but the person i gave this cart to is 5ft10 and she does n't have much trouble with it . she does n't use it for long distances ( blks and such ) she loves this cart . i would think anyone under 5ft8 would not have any trouble with it at all . hope this helps some .
peggy , this was given as a gift for someone across the country , and so i ca n't tell you the dimensions . i do remember that the dimensions were in the ad when i bought the cart because i used them when i was comparing to other carts . the cart was a gift to my older sister and she loves it , especially the smaller basket on tops that she used for bread , eggs and things like that she she goes shopping.sorry i ca n't be more help . i can not call my sister for dimensions because she recently suffered a stroke and is in a rehab facility .
no . it 's mounted to the frame with phillips screws . easy to remove but not practical on daily use .
i just typed the following in the browser : imageclassmf3010 e manual
yes
yes , the printer does have the ability to make b &w; copies .
yes it scans
hi christopher b. ! this unit uses a standard a-to-b printer usb device 2.0 hi-speed cable .
no , it needs a usb cable running from your computer .
hi , clint ! the canon imageclass mf3010 is ready to work with mac os x yosemite .
here 's what canon says in their user guide about the toner yield : about the supplied toner cartridgethe average yield of the toner cartridge that comes with the machine is as follows.canon cartridge 125 starteraverage yield : 700 sheets
i use it with windows 8 & it works very well . good , low cost printer . rtwilsdon @ aol.com
not that i know of , i have n't seen one , but one cool thing is when it starts to print light and you know you need a new toner cartridge , you can take out the current cartridge , shake it a few times , put it back in , and it works for quite a while longer , you can repeat this process for a long time , giving plenty of time to order a toner cartridge .
no
8.5x 4
push button . pls . check the feedback before ordering .
no
you do n't . it 's made to sit on a night stand .
no , sauder does not make these 24 '' deep .
the widest door is 20.25 inches wide .
there is a small lip on each shelf . i wish the lips were taller . be advised to make sure you get that lip right side up during assembly . this cabinet is a real puzzle to put together and the directions do n't mention to check for things like that orientation when you have the pieces down on the floor and so you would notice it . the lip is so small , i did n't notice that and now i need to dissemble and correct a few of the small shelf orientations .
you can remove most of the shelves , but not all . the two middle shelves are part of the frame of the cabinet and are needed for stability . i can check the height of the shelves and get back to you .
mine came with a hard copy manual which includes trouble shooting , but there is also a help icon on the printer itself with basically the same information .
ours did , when it worked . then it would inexplicably stop being detected by our wireless devices . hp unable to explain , sent a new one-did n't work and hp was unable to troubleshoot properly from overseas . after multiple hours on the phone , we gave up and bought another brand .
not from this website . mine had to be exchanged through hp for constant jamming .
a good answer is to just do away with hp . their support will charge you even if it 's within a year ( happened on a laptop we had ) . keep asking around though , im sure someone will be able to give you the answer you 're looking for
go to kodak wbste they can help
absolutely not . i would not buy this printer again . do n't think i 'd buy a kodak again . love their cameras though .
yes the paper feeds through the front on this printer . however , i can not recommend this printer . piece of junk !
as a former technology manager , i would have a lot more questions for you . has the printer worked before ? if so , does it not print in any application . there 's also the classic - turn everything off ( pc & printer ) . if still no good , what about making a copy - pull the usb cable and make a copy - if it does n't copy - it 's either the printer or possibly the ink cartridge is not snapped in properly .
try the trouble shooting steps and if they do n't work , call kodak . they may help . i had a part go bad on mine and they sent a replacement part , eventually . i had nothing but trouble with mine so be prepared to junk . it 's a shame kodak puts it 's name on these .
mine the same , it 's why i recycled the printer after a few months . complete piece of junk
i do n't have anything useful to tell you . mine did the same thing . i had to scrap it and get a new one . the kodak hero is the worst printer i 've ever used . good luck !
make sure the print head which receives the cartridge is not loose . the print head also snaps into place . be sure it did not come loose .
i do n't use a logo . email them they are very responsive . good service .
yep . i 've used these on a dinosaur epsom and a new cheapie ( $ 30 ) cannon . they both printed perfectly .
yes . they come pre printed with your company information on them . you can use them like any other check .
incorrect , compu-checks will also include a logo for your if you choose to at time of ordering , they print your and company info logo on the check . quickbooks just prints the check amount and pay to .
not sure what to compare them to . they are not overly fancy but work fine for my small farm operation .
no
if either you or your voip provider can put the propper settings in it there is no reason it should n't work . we use 2 of the 300vvx series at our reception desk and 7 of these throughout rest of building . but your question is a bit vague . do you mean can you share a line with it so your not paying for another line ? ( which yes you should be able to do as well ) .
yes it does
yes , but after you receive it , you have to contact ring central tech support with the phone model etc . and they `` activate '' use of the phone on your account , ca n't just plug it in .
this phone is unlocked , and can be used with any provider , even your own pbx.. just remember it has to be configurable for your service ( supported ) .
no
it 's hard to believe , but i ordered them and they are the real thing - just without the cardboard boxes . each one is shrink wrapped though , so protected . it 's a great deal !
i looked but there were no dates indicated anywhere on the packaging or cartridges . i have experienced some head clogging with them . not too bad but i 've never had any significant clogging when using retail packaged epson ink within thier expiration date .
no , they wo n't as they are a different size unfortunately . they wo n't physically fit into the r1900 .
i can only say that i have not seen any difference in quality . as to what is in the cartridges , i can not say . but they do compare in appearence to be the real deal . how they are able to sell them at this price i am unsure . but can not realy say i am too concerned .
the heaviest book for which i use this stand is a 1400 plus page , about 5 pound , 11x8.5x2 inch text . i think it could hold more but i do n't own a larger book .
i think it would depend on the size of the book . i personally do n't keep it in the most upright position because it gets a little wobbly .
to answer this question i tried a very `` fat '' mass market paperback ( 302 pages , 1 1 2 `` thick ) . it was not perfectly flat but because of the stand 's adjustability it was quite readable . any thick paperback is never read flat unless you break the binding but i read all sizes of books and this stand works with everything i 've tried . love it for large hardcovers , softcovers and magazines .
yep-this thing will handle monsters 2-3x as big
actto green portable reading stand can physically accommodate thick books at various reading angles , but not optimally in terms of holding pages in place . the stand supports the weight of thick volumes . it was not designed for folio-sized references such as atlases , as the height of the stand where the volume rests is only seven inches . you can push the page holders back and lean the spine of the book on the two-inch base . depending upon the quality of the binding , pages near the front or the back of the volume can sag . a simple check : set your book on a flat surface . you can quickly check whether the binding will allow pages to stay open to your desired locations at the front or back . i tried actto stand with *guide to reference books* eleventh edition ( chicago : ala , 1996 ) . this 11.25-inch by 8.75-inch hard-cover volume has over 2000 pages and is 3 inches thick . locations near the front and back sag without using the page holders , yet the stand functions fairly well . your 2700-page text might possibly work with the stand if your book is hard cover , the binding is high quality , and the physical dimensions are not much larger than *guide to reference books* . for long-term , sustained use with thick volumes , you might want to consider a bigger stand . actto green portable reading stand can physically accommodate thick books at various reading angles , but not optimally in terms of holding pages in place . the stand supports the weight of thick volumes . it was not designed for folio-sized references such as atlases , as the height of the stand where the volume rests is only seven inches . you can push the page holders back and lean the spine of the book on the two-inch base . depending upon the quality of the binding , pages near the front or the back of the volume can sag . a simple check : set your book on a flat surface . you can ... » read more actto green portable reading stand can physically accommodate thick books at various reading angles , but not optimally in terms of holding pages in place . the stand supports the weight of thick volumes . it was not designed for folio-sized references such as atlases , as the height of the stand where the volume rests is only seven inches . you can push the page holders back and lean the spine of the book on the two-inch base . depending upon the quality of the binding , pages near the front or the back of the volume can sag . a simple check : set your book on a flat surface . you can quickly check whether the binding will allow pages to stay open to your desired locations at the front or back . i tried actto stand with *guide to reference books* eleventh edition ( chicago : ala , 1996 ) . this 11.25-inch by 8.75-inch hard-cover volume has over 2000 pages and is 3 inches thick . locations near the front and back sag without using the page holders , yet the stand functions fairly well . your 2700-page text might possibly work with the stand if your book is hard cover , the binding is high quality , and the physical dimensions are not much larger than *guide to reference books* . for long-term , sustained use with thick volumes , you might want to consider a bigger stand . « show less
yes . it 's almost a turquoise color . very nice vivid color . it stands out for sure .
i mainly used it on a desk ( for which is perfect , by the way ) so i 'm not 100 % sure . i tried in this very moment to place it on my lap and it stands , so i guess it 'll work in bed as well .
i can turn the pages quite easily if i do n't push the clear plastic page-holder arms too tight against the book . page-turning has n't been a problem at all .
being a backpacker myself , yes , it does fold flat enough to fit in a backpack . when the adjustable arm in the back is released to lay against the back of the book stand , you have about 3 1 2 '' that protrudes from the bottom as you can see in the picture . this would not prevent you , however , from carrying it in the pack . the dimension of the stand is 8 '' high and 11 '' wide . hope this helps .
on your desktop you should have an icon for your workforce 645 printer . click on it to open it and under epson product support will be a check ink levels . just click on it .
you can check a few ways - either via the status monitor using the epson software you should have installed on your computer when you initially set-up the printer , or on the printer itself push the `` setup '' button . on the next menu select `` ink levels '' . they will display on the printer screen .
nope . that 's why i hate this printer . once you run out of color ink , all functionality eventually ceases - ca n't print in black , ca n't copy with black , ca n't even scan ( which is perhaps the most amazing of all ) . epson software allegedly lets you print with just black , but eventually all those methods stop working .
open up the system menu and run the head cleaning utility . if that does n't fix the problem replace your blue or tricolor ink cartridge .
i use microsoft word . it 's got full label designation templates . very convenient !
works with mac lion just fine . in the advanced printer settings you get the option of two sided printing with different 'binding ' options . also shows as an option from ios5 idevices .
yes , it will . i am using it with 8.1 and have n't had any problems . great printer .
i use it to print on heavy stock two sided . works great . i have used it to print on heavy photo stock , works great . i never tried vinyl , but that rear paper tray makes a straight path through the jets with only a slight bend , so i do n't see why it would n't work . it 's not a fast printing machine , but it 's efficient and the bluetooth feature and price makes it worthwhile to me .
so sorry , i have no idea .
i do not think so .
legal size ( 8 1 2 x 14 ) . it does not work with 11 x 14 paper .
i am not sure if this specific model does but i found a review that indicates another printer with a bit of higher price does so i think this one would . i can tell you i have had no problems printing wi-fi on mine . i know i can print from my iphone so i think it should work . here is the link to the review ... http : www.amazon.com review r2xsektjncsqim ref=cm_srch_res_rtr_alt_1
no . it is only a printer , but it will print both sides .
no scanner . printer only . nice wireless feature though .
feed the envelope in from the back . place it on the right side of the slot .
2 black cartridges
full
yes , that 's what i have
2 black cartridges
2
i 've ordered this several times and never had the problem of only getting one . i 've always gotten the two toners in there .
i could n't and ended up trash canning the whole printer . kodak was very unhelpful
if u r buying this printer ... .do n't . does not stand up to hype .
all kodak printers are junk
i buy a cartridge install it immediately shows half empty , prints 4 pages says it needs ink , bought another one same thing , 2 black cart . 2 color cart , more ink cost than printer cost me this printer is garbage , kodak knows it and does nothing , return it if you can.internal computer chip problems , junk just junk .
yes , everything you need and this is a great printer !
do n't know , we only have windows 7 .
yes . i can also double side copies but not double side scan .
it is a legal size glass . so you can scan or copy from platen .
i sent mine back . it would n't automatically adjust even between letter and legal size paper .
this sounds like a dumb question , but in fact it 's not . i looked at the box in which the product came , and the warranty is not stated . even on the brother website it is difficult to find , and only available after registering and downloading the 2-page `` warranty statement '' . message to brother usa : get real , do n't make users search the world for simple information.but here 's the answer to your question : `` one-year limited warranty and replacement service ( usa only ) '' . notwithstanding all this , i like the scanner .
the paper feeds from the front , there is a small latch or trigger which the paper passes and it automatically begins the scan process . it is sometimes hard to keep the paper feeding straight .
it does not have any storage . it is usb powered and as such have no battery or power adapter . you need a computer laptop with a usb port ( s ) to scan . you do n't need their software , only the drivers . i use a mac and use either preview or adobe acrobat to make documents ( .pdf ) , but there are all manner of apps that can access the scanner for various purposes . the neat feature of this scanner is that you can scan both sides of a document simultaneously . so in order of questions asked : no . yes . no . no . you 're welcome .
the scanner is very portable , and this prevents it from havinga sheet feeder . so yes , you do . even at that , i found it much fasterthan using a printer scanner and turning the sheets over , which makesa rather hard to use file .
yes if you have all of the documents on-hand , simply scan all of them and then assign a name.if you scan several documents into , for example a pdf , and than want to add more - i 'm fairly sure the scanning software does not have any provision for editing a previous documents . if you had a full copy of adobe pdf ( not just the reader ) then you could scan the second group of documents as a second pdf and then use adobe pdf to merge the two pdfs into one .
i 've scanned every type of document with this scanner and it performed top notch . i believe there 's a micro switch in the feeder area to detect and pull documents through , so it really depends on how the user aligns each document when scanning . i have n't had a problem with receipts being scanned straight .
yes
some passports are thicker than others and may not fit thru the scanner . if it were me , i would use a good quality office copy machine , and copy the front and back , then scan the copies . if you 're concerned with the copy quality , you could use the 'enlarge ' feature of your copy machine and copy 129 % larger than the original . even the smallest detail should scan well when your image is enlarged . hope this helps .
no
i do n't know about windows 8 , but as far as i 'm concerned it is n't even worth worrying about ... nasty flimsy printer , horrid customer service - the 7510 replaced an older worn-out hp all-in-one which was fine better quality , but which left behind an hp embedded printer file which took 4 hours to remove ( including 2 1 2 hours with hp tech support in india taking over my computer remotely ) before i could even install the 7510 . ( i getting a double-window popup on my screen , which i could n't get rid of and finally googled to find it was an hp printer file . there were many other people on the forum with the same issue ... ) this printer also no longer has hp solution center support - according to hp : microsoft required hp to use ms print software with its new printers.. really ! i guess i 'm supposed to have `` stupid '' stamped on my forehead ? the custom options for printing are drastically reduced . i bought add'l large capacity cartidges , which were defective ... i 've been a loyal hp customer for 35 years , but will never buy another hp product ! i gave the new 7510 to a friend for his kids to play with ... buy a canon ! i 'm very happy with the canon mx892 ( i even bought an extra to have on hand . ) this printer is solid , easy to set up , prints quality photos , has all the customizable print options hp used to have + , and is miles above the new hp `` quality '' ! i do n't know about windows 8 , but as far as i 'm concerned it is n't even worth worrying about ... nasty flimsy printer , horrid customer service - the 7510 replaced an older worn-out hp all-in-one which was fine better quality , but which left behind an hp embedded printer file which took 4 hours to remove ( including 2 1 2 hours with hp tech support in india taking over my computer remotely ) before i could even install the 7510 . ( i getting a double-window popup on my screen , which i could n't get rid of and finally googled to find it was an hp printer file . there were many other people on the ... » read more i do n't know about windows 8 , but as far as i 'm concerned it is n't even worth worrying about ... nasty flimsy printer , horrid customer service - the 7510 replaced an older worn-out hp all-in-one which was fine better quality , but which left behind an hp embedded printer file which took 4 hours to remove ( including 2 1 2 hours with hp tech support in india taking over my computer remotely ) before i could even install the 7510 . ( i getting a double-window popup on my screen , which i could n't get rid of and finally googled to find it was an hp printer file . there were many other people on the forum with the same issue ... ) this printer also no longer has hp solution center support - according to hp : microsoft required hp to use ms print software with its new printers.. really ! i guess i 'm supposed to have `` stupid '' stamped on my forehead ? the custom options for printing are drastically reduced . i bought add'l large capacity cartidges , which were defective ... i 've been a loyal hp customer for 35 years , but will never buy another hp product ! i gave the new 7510 to a friend for his kids to play with ... buy a canon ! i 'm very happy with the canon mx892 ( i even bought an extra to have on hand . ) this printer is solid , easy to set up , prints quality photos , has all the customizable print options hp used to have + , and is miles above the new hp `` quality '' ! « show less
yes there are severel things you can do to conservre ink . first make sure you have printer set to draft . to do this : when you get print screen box ; select `` preferences '' , then select `` page quality '' in this screen select `` draft '' . note : if you 're printing from web , always use `` print preview '' ( by selecting little arrow beside printer icon ) this allows you to make these changes ( just using `` print '' wo n't ) . also these changes will not save if you do n't use them consecutively ; to be sure ; just go through all the steps to print in draft mode each time just to be safe . finally you can save color ink by printing in black & white : same as draft instructions ( above ) but in `` page quality screen select `` advance '' , then select `` print in grey scale '' use little arrow and select , `` black ink only '' then select `` o.k '' . again always double check after each different print job , because it does n't always save these settings ( when you print ; you 'll know ) one final tip : when your color gets low & you see the effects use this state to print unimportant things that do n't need to look `` nice '' to be read . when this gets worst ( too light to see ) switch to black & white and run that down to empty before changing to new cartridges . get all your money 's worth out of the ink before replacing ! ( that 's if you can wait that long & there 's no dire need for perfect color pictures , prints , etc . ) it also good to keep a record of when you change your ink cartidges ; recording the date and other important info . ( quality settings ; how many photos printed , etc . ) so you can see how long or how many miles you get from your ink . hope this helps . yes there are severel things you can do to conservre ink . first make sure you have printer set to draft . to do this : when you get print screen box ; select `` preferences '' , then select `` page quality '' in this screen select `` draft '' . note : if you 're printing from web , always use `` print preview '' ( by selecting little arrow beside printer icon ) this allows you to make these changes ( just using `` print '' wo n't ) . also these changes will not save if you do n't use them consecutively ; to be sure ; just go through all the steps to print in draft mode each ... » read more yes there are severel things you can do to conservre ink . first make sure you have printer set to draft . to do this : when you get print screen box ; select `` preferences '' , then select `` page quality '' in this screen select `` draft '' . note : if you 're printing from web , always use `` print preview '' ( by selecting little arrow beside printer icon ) this allows you to make these changes ( just using `` print '' wo n't ) . also these changes will not save if you do n't use them consecutively ; to be sure ; just go through all the steps to print in draft mode each time just to be safe . finally you can save color ink by printing in black & white : same as draft instructions ( above ) but in `` page quality screen select `` advance '' , then select `` print in grey scale '' use little arrow and select , `` black ink only '' then select `` o.k '' . again always double check after each different print job , because it does n't always save these settings ( when you print ; you 'll know ) one final tip : when your color gets low & you see the effects use this state to print unimportant things that do n't need to look `` nice '' to be read . when this gets worst ( too light to see ) switch to black & white and run that down to empty before changing to new cartridges . get all your money 's worth out of the ink before replacing ! ( that 's if you can wait that long & there 's no dire need for perfect color pictures , prints , etc . ) it also good to keep a record of when you change your ink cartidges ; recording the date and other important info . ( quality settings ; how many photos printed , etc . ) so you can see how long or how many miles you get from your ink . hope this helps . « show less
yes
my parents just bought this printer , but have n't installed it yet . is this fax still free ? the review comment state conflicting statements about that.also , if it 's only for sending 20 , and receiving 20 faxes per month . does that count all the spam faxes ? i have an old free account with efax , and am always getting spam scammer efax 's . i do n't even view them anymore because of it .
have you tried changing the settings within the software that you are using and selecting a sheet of pics to print such as in school photos . i have printed those types of pictures but did not make this selection from the printer but from the software i was using on the computer . if you are not using a computer , i am uncertain as to how you would do this .
i purchased this printer in april of 2012. it 's december of 2013 and yes , it still works with no issues . how long the ink works - depends how many pages you print and if you buy regular or xl ink . xl ink lasts longer . if i compare this printer with my old brother printer , the hp photosmart 7510 eats much more ink and thus comes out more expensive to own .
you sure can . in the application 's scan settings , check the box called `` prompt for additional pages '' which allows you to scan multiple document pages and save as a single file .
yes , it does
hi there . this scanner saves in the following formats : bmp , jpeg , jpeg2000 , multi-page tiff , pdf , png , single-page tiff , and xps . enjoy !
yes , i only have a color laser and have never had an issue .
absolutely not . they are very thin paper .
no they are pretty basic and easy to peel off : )
yes , the pages are blank .
unfortunately no : ( but it was such a great buy i did n't care and just figured it out : )
yes , you can cut these with a silhouette cameo .
yes , especially if you use ink jet printer . i use laser jet printing for my labels & then i laminate with highest heat setting on my laminator . i then cut my labels per size ( using full sheet 8-1 2 in x 11 in sheets printing several labels per sheet ) . the back side is removed leaving the sticky , glue side exposed -- then attach to bottle . if liquids get under label -- exposure will affect quality of print .
if you 're doing a wireless installation , you do n't need to do usb first ( i just did a clean install of mountain lion on my mac pro and thus have nothing additional installed ) .1 ) go to http : welcome.solutions.brother.com bsc public us us en dlf download_index.html ? reg=us &c; =us〈=en∏=hl3075cw_us_as &dl; id= &flang; =english &os; =115 &type2; =-1 and download the cups printer driver.2 ) open the file you downloaded ( it 's a .dmg which may or may not automatically open on your desktop depending upon which browser you 're using ) .3 ) install brothercldrivers.pkg ( just double-click it and go through the steps ) .4 ) go into system preferences and select print & scan.5 ) click the little `` + '' in the bottom left ( ish ) corner of the window to add a new printer . you ought to see your brother printer . select it.6 ) wait a couple seconds.7 ) go print ! cheers . if you 're doing a wireless installation , you do n't need to do usb first ( i just did a clean install of mountain lion on my mac pro and thus have nothing additional installed ) .1 ) go to http : welcome.solutions.brother.com bsc public us us en dlf download_index.html ? reg=us &c; =us〈=en∏=hl3075cw_us_as &dl; id= &flang; =english &os; =115 &type2; =-1 and download the cups printer driver.2 ) open the file you downloaded ( it 's a .dmg which may or may not automatically open on your desktop depending upon which browser you 're using ) .3 ) install brothercldrivers.pkg ... » read more if you 're doing a wireless installation , you do n't need to do usb first ( i just did a clean install of mountain lion on my mac pro and thus have nothing additional installed ) .1 ) go to http : welcome.solutions.brother.com bsc public us us en dlf download_index.html ? reg=us &c; =us〈=en∏=hl3075cw_us_as &dl; id= &flang; =english &os; =115 &type2; =-1 and download the cups printer driver.2 ) open the file you downloaded ( it 's a .dmg which may or may not automatically open on your desktop depending upon which browser you 're using ) .3 ) install brothercldrivers.pkg ( just double-click it and go through the steps ) .4 ) go into system preferences and select print & scan.5 ) click the little `` + '' in the bottom left ( ish ) corner of the window to add a new printer . you ought to see your brother printer . select it.6 ) wait a couple seconds.7 ) go print ! cheers . « show less
no it does not scan .
i do n't do much high resolution printing , but the few i have printed i have been very pleased with.i would rate them very high resolution
standard us 110
open the top , press and hold the secure and cancel buttons ( reset menu will display on screen ) press the down arrow until the cartridge you want is displayed.press okpress the up arrowclose the coverdone.as seen on this video : https : www.youtube.com watch ? v=osttka329bs
not automatically , only manually
sucks
thank you for your inquiry . unfortunately , we can not fulfill your request as all of our cartridges are already pre-packaged .
i believe so , good product , worth the price .
do not know , i order what was for my printer .
yes , you can . you can change whatever cartridge is emply .
yes , they will . i totally trust these cartridges . they are just as good -- - if not better -- - than the name brand . i hope this helps .
it does n't say on the packaging ; it 's the same size as the oem cartridge and is definitely filled to capacity . i actually like these better than the oem ! definitely lasts longer than the brother branded bought from officemax . i 'm really impressed with these . not a single issue , none are damaged , this was a wise investment ill never go to an office-type store for ink again .
they changed the housing slightly , you need these e-z ink ( tm ) compatible ink cartridge replacement for brother lc-75 xl high yield ( 8 black , 4 cyan , 4 magenta , 4 yellow ) 20 pack
brothers all in one
it will automatically pierce it when you install the cartridge . so no , you do n't have to do anything to it .
no talking caller id , just written
not sure , purchased for my aunt . will check next time we visit .
only the corded base phone needs to be plugged into a phone jack but all of them need plugged into a power outlet .
yes , i have my hp office jet 5610 all in one on mine
21.7 x 47.2 x 33.5 inches
the particle board with some kind of film overlapping it . the color is orangish brown .
a hanging file organizer wo n't fit in the drawers .
yes , it is .
yes you can use it to scan your photos and the resolution is wonderful , colors are exact and very crisp . great scanner .
yes . you can easily set it up to capture date and time of scan .
mine also makes a clicking sound .
i just got his product in dec 2013 and the install cd does come with extra software . it does not get loaded in with the typical default installation though . you have to do a custom install . it 's called bizcard . scans the card and adds the details to the appropriate contact fields in database format . exported to places like outlook , google contacts , etc . i 'd say it 's about 75 % accurate . certain type cards do n't read well though ( like glossy or dark ones ) . but it 's still a huge timesaver compared to manual entry .
there is an adjustable guide to help you feed the receipts through . if they do get fed on an angle the software will automatically adjust them to be straight . if they are all different sizes they may not automatically feed through .
part 1 ) although the document tray only holds 20 pages , you can reload the document tray and continue to add to the `` job '' until you 're through ( i 've never reached a max ) . then you save the whole `` job '' .part 2 ) if , after you 've already saved the documents as .pdf files , you want to make changes , software exists for any computer that allows you to combine ( add , delete , etc ) particular pages from various pdf files . on a macintosh , the included ( free ) preview app has this functionality .
yes - it comes with bundled mac software : twain driver , canon captureontouch and captureontouch lite ( built-in ) , newsoft presto ! pagemanager , newsoft presto ! bizcard , evernote .
once you do the x and z reports and clear it , the information is gone . however , if you save your data on the sd memory card , you can go back to it on the computer .
the new xe-a407 thermal papetr only single no double white & yellow copies .
if you have a continuous ink system you just put right in the ink reservoir . you can also put it into a cartridge but only in measure amount otherwise the cartridge may leak . you may also need to reset the chip on the cartridge or it will keep saying the ink levels are low despite plenty of ink in it .
yes
it 's a dye ink ; works fine , looks very good .
i believe it comes with auto-voltage whoch senses if the incoming power is 110v or 240v . if you using in a country with 240v , you need to get an appropriate power cable , hp approved .
it is air print compatible and it does have direct print for android phones . i do n't know about eprint .
yes , we do a lot of the eprint .
no . and that 's about the only thing i 'd change about it . i mistakenly thought i 'd add wheels to it , but there is n't a place to attach them .
standard height lectern , so your arms rest comfortably on the top . is that about 3 1 2 feet ?
thank you for your inquiry . the thickness of the side panels is .6875 which is a little under 3 4 inch . if you have any additional questions , please do not hesitate to let us know .
you have to put it together . it takes about a half hour ... .not very hard .
it works with ; quarters , nickels , pennies , and dimes .
they fall directly into the plastic measuring tubes . i then open the flat coin tube with my finger and slip it into the plastic tube , gently shaking while i slide the paper coin tube over the coins . i then fold the end of the paper tube , turn the plastic tube upside down and remove filled paper tube and fold paper tube other end . i replace the plastic coin measuring tube and turn handle till it is filled and repeat the process
yes you do have to manually wrap . however , if you purchase royal sovereign 's wrappers , it makes it super easy . you just slip the wrapper inside the tube , give it a tap , close it up and you are done . i tried using a bank 's wrapper and struggled with it until i gave up . ( this is because the bank 's wrappers come flat with a crease . the crease makes it very hard to slip easily into the tube . ) i was truly amazed how fast and easy i sorted and wrapped my coins using this sorter and their coin wrappers .
no , i purchased some at walmart ... very inexpensive ... you 'll love it ... so easy to use ...
andrew , is it possible you are turning the handle too quickly ? it takes a slow , steady , `` gentle '' turn ... i do n't know if that will help . ( also , if you turn the handle counter-clockwise , you are only supposed to go 1 4 turn ( or something like that ; not far or can hurt machine ) .
yes , the coin count is correct when the coins reach the top of the roller . we were rolling an extremely large number of coins so to ensure accuracy when we first received our royal sovereign sorter we verified the count for each denomination after the first rolling . i weighed each so as my wife rolled the coins i would merely verify them by weight and this verified that the roller was placing the correct amount in each roller . hope that helps .
probably not . it does n't even work well for us coins
yes
it is . we have a windows 7 pc windows 8.1 and a mac and they all use it as a network printer and the software is on all three
yes , you can set it up with any computer or laptop with a usb cable to establish the internet connection . once you have done that it should recognize you wireless internet connection . if you do n't have a usb port you can also set the wireless connection up manually with the installation software . both methods are easy and effective .
it 's a page at a time - the cover flips up and there is a glass surface to place a page on - there is no feeder and no add on available . it 's still a great printer , however .
yes . you will have to download the app `` mobile print '' .
yes they are and they work remarkably well . you can use a few apps in the play store . i use nfc task launcher and tagwriter
they work through my mophie case , even though its about 1 2 thick with the reserve battery and such . so i would guess it should work through yours .
they are compatible with the s3 . the chipset in s4 was changed which is why they do n't work in that . i would buy the more compatible version . they 're the same price and then you do n't have to worry about which one you 're using it on .
yes , there 's an inside rim for folders that have hooks on either side .
no sharp edges and the lid snaps fairly securely but not water tight or anything , it does stay put but also removes easily . i do n't have to struggle with it like some plastic containers . i am happy with them .
if you are considering using this for photos , i would strongly suggest you get something more durable and watertight . these are okay for simple storage but the tops are not sturdy , will crack .
yes you can keep handing folders there
sterile lists it at 27 quarts .
the lids i got were all black . i do n't know if colors vary . it 's a good box .
i think it 's strong
18.5 - length14 - width11 - heightfor your information , when dimensions are given , the normal dimensions are the same - length x width x heighti hope this helps you . by the way , i love these - i keep all my income tax returns in them .
yes ! i use them when i travel - clothes , food , toiletries , etc . i like that i can see what is in them without opening them .
it definitely will fit 36 standard pencils ; i 'd say in can fit around 45 max . great product , very durable !
i believe so .
no . it 's a pencil box the length of which is the size of an unsharpened pencil
it is quite sturdy . i use it for my crocheting equipment and i would purchase again .
i just looked at it . no , it does not .
by the way , check the youtube videos on how to wind back the cartridge counters to get an extra life out of your existing cartridges . do n't replace the old ones before they are empty .
4 cartridges total , one of each color
yes these appear to be the real deal . right below the description on amazon site , it says `` by brother . '' i have purchased the 4-pack a couple of times from amazon and received genuine brother cartridges .
100
on the side of each wireless unit there is a headset jack covered by a rubber protector . there is a picture of a headset embossed on the piece of rubber . i have never used it so i can not tell how well it works . however , i have used the speakerphone option several times . ( it is activated by pushing the sp-phone button and deactivated by pushing the button a second time . ) as mentioned by other responders , the voice quality is quite good and you do not have 'play ' with any wiring .
the base unit has no battery backup . but draws the necessary power required for use and memory from the phone line connection .
yes , the talking caller id can be turned off .
they have a very long range , i have one phone in the basement and it works fine and i can take them outside . hope this helps , they are fine telephones .
hi . the corded landline is black ; the cordless extensions are primarily black with silver metallic buttons and trim . i hope this helps !
no , i have not had that problem at all and none of my callers have indicated a problem when i have used the speakerphone .
for the wireless headset , there is there buttons just under the screen . use the left one that is assigned to the icon above it , which is an open book . when you press it , another three icons will display , and each one correspond to the button under it . so press the add button , and continue typing the contact number , name and either home or cell is used . just remember , for all of the three icons displaying on the buttom of the screen , use the three buttons under the screen.i hope this will help .
yes , the corded handset works without power but the three cordless will not work .
there are 7 vertical lines per page .
i believe it was just one . that 's what was disappointing to me when i bought mine . i used to get these same ones - different cover - from walmart for about $ 1,45 each , but we 're discontinued so i really liked this size and have been using these for years so i broke down and bought online for what i thought was way overpriced after i received the quantity i actually received .
yes , it does that is the right description as i see it . it is a little bit different from the one i bought years ago but not a big deal .
it is only one .
i only received one book . they are about the size of a steno book .
yes it does
probably around 5 x 7. i like them better than a check book .
there are 8 vertical fields
i think it comes with a 90 days parts and labor ; 1 year parts only warranty . it 's unlikely you will ever get to the point of using it for light to medium duty shredding unless , of course , it 's doa .
product dimensions : 11.9 x 16.1 x 17.2 inches ; 16 pounds per the website
depends how much you use it , when it starts sounding a bit noisy i oil it with sewing machine oil .
after only 6 mths i would hope there was . i have had no problems with mine .
it 's not that loud . compared to other shredders i have had .
yes . shreds credit cards well and several pages at a time with staples . i have been well pleased with this shredder . some of the reviews mentioned having problems with the motor over heating but you must remember to only run it for 3 minutes at a time then let it cool and you will have no problems .
as taken from the back of the shredder `` 115vac 5amp 60hz '' . hope this helps you out !
yes
it is neither , it is a heavy cardboard type material , like the other punch studio products .
no it is about 13 '' x 10 1 2 '' outside measurements just a bit bigger then a file folder . perfect for filing away papers and having something pretty to see on you desk i love it !
yes , the entire base ( including the wheel inserts ) is metal with the exception a black plastic ring that covers the join between the legs at the center ; however this is just for `` looks '' and is not load bearing . i am 6'2 '' , 273 lbs and have had no problem with this base whatsoever.cheers !
cast aluminum , polished .
sorry , ca n't really say with accuracy , but less than 5lbs .
glad you asked . i contacted the green group llc by email and asked them the same question . the response i got was that it should have no problem holding up to 350 lbs . however having said that , i would caution you that that is the rating for all 5 wheels total . so , if you are like me and like to lean back in your chair , you will be putting all that weight on 1 or 2 of the legs . i did this for a year and one of my legs broke at the weld . when that happened , i immediately ordered a new one . i now sit in my chair with the lean lever in the lock position so i ca n't lean back . i really like the look of the chrome vs the black one 's that usually come with a chair . just remember to remove your wheels from your old base to transfer to your new base . glad you asked . i contacted the green group llc by email and asked them the same question . the response i got was that it should have no problem holding up to 350 lbs . however having said that , i would caution you that that is the rating for all 5 wheels total . so , if you are like me and like to lean back in your chair , you will be putting all that weight on 1 or 2 of the legs . i did this for a year and one of my legs broke at the weld . when that happened , i immediately ordered a new one . i now sit in my chair with the lean lever in the lock position so i ca n't lean back . i really like the ... » read more glad you asked . i contacted the green group llc by email and asked them the same question . the response i got was that it should have no problem holding up to 350 lbs . however having said that , i would caution you that that is the rating for all 5 wheels total . so , if you are like me and like to lean back in your chair , you will be putting all that weight on 1 or 2 of the legs . i did this for a year and one of my legs broke at the weld . when that happened , i immediately ordered a new one . i now sit in my chair with the lean lever in the lock position so i ca n't lean back . i really like the look of the chrome vs the black one 's that usually come with a chair . just remember to remove your wheels from your old base to transfer to your new base . « show less
yes on the side of the handset
to the best of my knowledge there is no way to hang it on a wall . we do n't need that application so i ca n't say for sure we may have thrown bracket out but it honestly does not look like there is any way to attach it to anything
get on the internet and google `` at &t; telephone users manual '' , then go to the web site and search for the model number of your telephone . you should be able to find the users manual and download it so you can read it .
bt183342 bt283342 ( 2.4v 400mah nmh ) these are the numbers on the batteries that came with the phones . hope this helps . we love our phones .
i have gone about 300 feet , and it works great .
i made a mistake when i ordered this . i thought i was ordering a regular phone , not the extension thing . i never did get around to returning it and finally just gave it to charity . but i did just buy from radio shack an at &t; phone just like this on sale and it did have the extension one attached . it was reduced from about 60 dollars to 30 dollars so a good deal . i suggest you call radio shack and ask and then you can order it from amazon depending on their answer .
if i recall , there are 6 to 8 for each room . i had trouble figuring out how to make them stick so i used tape .
they are small but serve the purpose . i was easily able to identify which went in each room .
my recommendation is never stick anything on antique finish , the today material used are not compatible .
i do not think that would work . the space between the laptop platform and the bottom of the legs would be very tight . the clearance between the legs would not be adequate .
no - the mouse pad would n't hold a text book . you 'd need the lapdesk
it is an adjustable laptop desk that you can use on your lap or stand it up to use with a chair . the mouzpad can be attached to the desk stand so you can use an external mouse instead of the laptop mouse . i am extremely satisfied with its performance .
this is a mouse pad attachment that fits a laptop stand that is sold separately . you can set any angle on the mouse pad , but level is best to prevent the mouse from sliding when you are not holding it .
thank you for the question . the wizard mouzpad is an accessory for the wizard desk stand . the mouzpad is the piece that holds the mouse . the wizard is the desk stand that holds the laptop . so we are just clarifying that this listing is for the mouse pad attachment only and does not include the desk stand . i hope this helps .
there is only one sheet to it , but it is the size of a poster , so perhaps she cut it into the size of six smaller sheets . hope that helps .
there is only one per package
in short , yes they will . these are essentially a large poster board where the entire surface has the post-it stickiness exposed so you can stick anything on the surface . there are no edges or frames , so you could place multiple boards side-by-side to cover your entire space .
i have not had this problem and have been using the same ones in my sons room for a year . they are great .
as far as i know ( as far as i ever found ) , that is the only supplier of it . the printer is so far out of date and production , that nothing new is ever going to be made for it , and they will , over time , be extinct . they are already obsolete .
if you have the camera cord - yes , you can plug right into it or use the memory card
it does not take batteries , only ac power . i think portable refers the tiny size of it .
if the question is how many sheets can you print , the package has 10 sheets ( pages ) . you just need to load another package of paper to print 10 more . it does not has a level of ink or toner , because is a kind of thermal print ( or something like this ) so as long as you have the proper paper loaded it will print .
yes , you can print directly from your camera . has a small screen to view the photo you want to print , also can create wallet size photos .
this only prints 4x6 single photo you can not print four different pictures on the one sheet . my canon printer can do that also .
no .
do n't buy it as its not made anymore
i think so depending on the thickness of the carrier and pouch you can adjust the heat . in my case i used a thin newsprint ( blank ) since the pouches i ordered did not include one .
yes ! i love this laminator !
no . the machine label states 120v . there is a abs swith on the back but , i am not sure what that is .
yes , it can .
no it will not
no . 120 volt united states power line .
no . you have to buy it . i bought a scotch termal laminating pouches 8.9x11.4 inches 3mil . it 's about us $ 9 at amazon .
i do n't know the actual measurement but it 's a little bit wider than normal legal paper
put the printer on your wireless network . turn it on . pick something on your ipad that is printable . use the bent arrow icon . pick your printer . print .
sorry , i am using it on windows vista and i ca n't find the compatibility list in the manual to verify if it says it will work with xp . if you goggle it , it says its compatible with the following operating systems : apple mac os x 10.5.8 , ms windows xp professional x64 edition , apple mac os x 10.6.x , ms windows xp sp3 , ms windows 7 , ms windows 7 64-bit edition and apple mac os x 10.7.x . hope this helps ... curt
there is a paper tray for loading and also one to hold printed documents
the ipad actually has an app for epson , all you have to do is download the app and you can print from your ipad : ) ... hope this helps .
when one color runs out , the printer will not operate until that one color is replaced !
ok , i have read the manual and read lots of online reviews and my answer would be it is not recommended for cardstock . people who have run cardstock through it have eventually had trouble with the rollers not grabbing . there is a 'mode ' for `` epson presentation paper - heavyweight matte '' which is # 44. the cardstock i have is # 65. if you need to run primarily cardstock , i would advise against it . or be sure to change the setting to the presentation paper mode . if you can get by with a 44 pound weight paper , then it seems that this printer can handle it . i would guess an occasional piece of cardstock wo n't kill it but if you primarily print cardstock you might want a more robust printer . hope this helps ! ps . i usually use a high quality paper to print normal copies and it 's # 22 - just for comparison . ok , i have read the manual and read lots of online reviews and my answer would be it is not recommended for cardstock . people who have run cardstock through it have eventually had trouble with the rollers not grabbing . there is a 'mode ' for `` epson presentation paper - heavyweight matte '' which is # 44. the cardstock i have is # 65. if you need to run primarily cardstock , i would advise against it . or be sure to change the setting to the presentation paper mode . if you can get by with a 44 pound weight paper , then it seems that this printer can handle it . i would guess an occasional ... » read more ok , i have read the manual and read lots of online reviews and my answer would be it is not recommended for cardstock . people who have run cardstock through it have eventually had trouble with the rollers not grabbing . there is a 'mode ' for `` epson presentation paper - heavyweight matte '' which is # 44. the cardstock i have is # 65. if you need to run primarily cardstock , i would advise against it . or be sure to change the setting to the presentation paper mode . if you can get by with a 44 pound weight paper , then it seems that this printer can handle it . i would guess an occasional piece of cardstock wo n't kill it but if you primarily print cardstock you might want a more robust printer . hope this helps ! ps . i usually use a high quality paper to print normal copies and it 's # 22 - just for comparison . « show less
yes . extra drivers and utilities are available from the epson site . i have n't tested every feature , but there is no reason to believe they would n't work as it is listed as fully supported .
i have found it to be very sensitive to the position of the paper . make sure it is pushed all the way to the bottom of the tray .
the dock will take 8.5 x 11. no wider than 8.5 though . the dock requires a power source -- either via the usb cable connected to the computer or through the included usb -- > ac adapter . the latter is a more reliable source .
you do have to turn the wand on , but the moment you do , the usb treats is the same as an attached drive and you can access all the photo scans without removing the card.if you have any other questions , just ask . i think this is probably the best one on the market right now , and i have been using the software that came with it for a lot more than just the scanner . it comes with ocr software that works quite well , but it also comes with screen capture software that will save a chosen area of your screen to word , excel , a picture file , or the clipboard in quite a few formats . i have been using that a lot for things completely unrelated to the scanner . you do have to turn the wand on , but the moment you do , the usb treats is the same as an attached drive and you can access all the photo scans without removing the card.if you have any other questions , just ask . i think this is probably the best one on the market right now , and i have been using the software that came with it for a lot more than just the scanner . it comes with ocr software that works quite well , but it also comes with screen capture software that will save a chosen area of your screen to word , excel , a picture file , or the clipboard in quite a few formats . i have been ... » read more you do have to turn the wand on , but the moment you do , the usb treats is the same as an attached drive and you can access all the photo scans without removing the card.if you have any other questions , just ask . i think this is probably the best one on the market right now , and i have been using the software that came with it for a lot more than just the scanner . it comes with ocr software that works quite well , but it also comes with screen capture software that will save a chosen area of your screen to word , excel , a picture file , or the clipboard in quite a few formats . i have been using that a lot for things completely unrelated to the scanner . « show less
you can save as pdf or jpg . it stores it as pdf jpg only .
i own the scanner pictured . i use it either as a handheld wand or in the docking station . when you keep the wand in the dock station , you just feed thru any documents you wish . i do a lot of photos and they turn out great ! you can also remove the wand from the docking station for items that wo n't fit through . to use the wand , you slide it across the document you want to scan . an indicator light shows you when it 's scanning . this works well too , but it does n't start scanning until about 1 2 '' into the document . results from both ways are great !
the scanner with docking station is an automatic scanner , but you need feed them with a piece of paper one by one . you put the paper into the dock station , the scanner take the paper , and then the scanning process will begin . is an amazing scanner , you can scan thousands of documents with your hands or automaticly
this comes with scanning software . it can also convert receipts and scanned documents to text for editing.very user friendly as well .
yes . it scans color or b &w; , pdf or jpg , and has 3 settings for fesolution . the docking station charges the battery in the scanner or you can charge it through a usb port on a computer . docking station feeds anythjng up to 8 1 2 '' and has slider to match the width of your document . i got rid of my flat bed scanner entirely . remove the wand from the docking station and use it to scan books and photo albums . it adjusts the scan if you move it a little too fast or slow . i get my best scans by putting an 8x10 '' glass plate from a photo album on the object to be scanned . the plate smooths out the document to be scanned and allows smooth motion of the scanner . i like this better than he $ 300 neat scanners . yes . it scans color or b &w; , pdf or jpg , and has 3 settings for fesolution . the docking station charges the battery in the scanner or you can charge it through a usb port on a computer . docking station feeds anythjng up to 8 1 2 '' and has slider to match the width of your document . i got rid of my flat bed scanner entirely . remove the wand from the docking station and use it to scan books and photo albums . it adjusts the scan if you move it a little too fast or slow . i get my best scans by putting an 8x10 '' glass plate from a photo album on the object to be scanned . the plate smooths ... » read more yes . it scans color or b &w; , pdf or jpg , and has 3 settings for fesolution . the docking station charges the battery in the scanner or you can charge it through a usb port on a computer . docking station feeds anythjng up to 8 1 2 '' and has slider to match the width of your document . i got rid of my flat bed scanner entirely . remove the wand from the docking station and use it to scan books and photo albums . it adjusts the scan if you move it a little too fast or slow . i get my best scans by putting an 8x10 '' glass plate from a photo album on the object to be scanned . the plate smooths out the document to be scanned and allows smooth motion of the scanner . i like this better than he $ 300 neat scanners . « show less
yes , but you ca n't scan photos manually . they need to go through the feeder . it 's a choice you need to make .
it has a place to plug into on the wand and on the docking station . connect to your computer usb to charge and view . this works great ! i am so glad i got it . it is very easy to use both the dock and the wand .
the max circumference is 18.85 , or it says 6 inches in diameter . the tightest you can really get it to without fear of breaking it ( as i can tell ) is 7.85 arc length or 2.5 '' diameter.for me its handy for the circles that are too big to reasonably have a circle template for .
yes - though maybe better for drawing circles on wood , and then painting . it goes up to a diameter of about 6 '' . if you had a cylindrical piece of wood , you would put this over it and then draw ...
just under 8 ''
yes , it was exactly what i was looking for..works for me
inches and degrees are both shown .
yes . i use windows 8 on my new hp laptop . works great . i had an issue with the set-up . i had to contact canon for some technical help and they were great . walked me through the set-up over the phone . works fine . i like this printer .
fairly well . you can put up to three at a time into the manual feed slot ( not shown in the amazon product photo , it 's right above the normal paper tray ) , then just print as normal and the printer will automatically pull the envelopes from the manual feed slot . i wish it were able to hold more than three envelopes at a time , but you could always take your 8.5x11 '' paper out and put envelopes in for larger jobs .
yes you scan and copy legal size paper . i have had my printer for over 6 months now and i have been very pleased with the printer .
yes it does it very well
yes , it will scan multiple pages , and front and back of two sided . the scanning software `` toolbox '' allows you to easily change the settings each time you scan . it 'll scan the multiple pages and output them either as one document or as single pages if you 're scanning several different documents at once such as several bills .
it is problematic on a mac - mac osx 10.6 - quite a struggle for me to get it to work . have not yet set up fax.one mountain at a time . it is somewhat `` gelded '' from the windows features . not all are available to the mac user . sure wish canon would just come out and clearly ( and up front ) explain that . buyer beware is still a caveat to to remember.scanning one sided page at the breakneck speed of about 35 seconds per page . slow as molasses on a winter 's day . each page was skewed . the `` grabber '' must not be in sync.less and less pleased with this unit . it is problematic on a mac - mac osx 10.6 - quite a struggle for me to get it to work . have not yet set up fax.one mountain at a time . it is somewhat `` gelded '' from the windows features . not all are available to the mac user . sure wish canon would just come out and clearly ( and up front ) explain that . buyer beware is still a caveat to to remember.scanning one sided page at the breakneck speed of about 35 seconds per page . slow as molasses on a winter 's day . each page was skewed . the `` grabber '' must not be in sync.less and less pleased ... » read more it is problematic on a mac - mac osx 10.6 - quite a struggle for me to get it to work . have not yet set up fax.one mountain at a time . it is somewhat `` gelded '' from the windows features . not all are available to the mac user . sure wish canon would just come out and clearly ( and up front ) explain that . buyer beware is still a caveat to to remember.scanning one sided page at the breakneck speed of about 35 seconds per page . slow as molasses on a winter 's day . each page was skewed . the `` grabber '' must not be in sync.less and less pleased with this unit . « show less
it does not use ink , it uses toner ( black powder ) and it does come with a toner cartdridge which is about half the normal toner and it works great with compatible toner cartridges which are much cheaper
128
i have this device and use mac os mountain lion . the scanning feature does work as long as you install the driver ( available on their website ) . the only feature the mac does not allow for is the ocr feature .
in order to print from an idevice , you have to download a canon app from the app store . in order to print out from the ipad or iphone , you have to go into the app , then to the webpage or photograph from inside the canon app and then just print . i would have liked to see air print functionality like i have on my epson mfp printer .
yes it is . just do n't order from epson . amazon does it better .
it 's the single large cartridge of black ink for your printer . it is not the skinny photo black cartridge .
yep ! fits and functions perfectly in mine .
this is regular black cartridge not the high capacity black cartridge or the photo one .
all i can say is it does give you extra ink . i ca n't estimate how many pages . i print at home for my own pleasure so i really do n't keep tract . all i can say is you get your money 's worth . hope this helps .
yes
standard-capacity black ( t273020 ) : about 200-250 pages.cartridges shipped with printer are setup cartridges and have much less ink then retail cartridges .
no . this is the same product image you 'll find on the brother site for the lc1053pks . lc105m is the product id for the magenta cartridge included in the set . if you look closely at the picture , you 'll see that each cartridge has a different product id on it - lc105c for cyan , lc105y for yellow .
yeah , i see that too . under item description it describes a laptop or something . amazon messed this one up .
hello , thank you for your question and interest in this item . unfortunately it is not compatible with that printer . however , it is compatible with j6520dw , which seems to be almost the same model number . i hope this answer was useful to you . thank you - jocelyn
plain paper is fine . we use willcopy ultra - suitable for ink jet and laser printers .
no , only have networks port
it comes with 1 tray , plus a manual feed door .
not the 6605 n. if you like to print on both sides you will need the 6605 dn model .
it is approx . 18 1 4 '' wide by 12 3 4 '' high.the shelf is 1 1 2 '' off the bottom.very nice ... you 'd love it . the hole is for carrying ... no liquids .
it would hold it , but your mac is 4in bigger over the top .
sorry , i do n't know the difference . i will say that the ecomfort lap desk which i have is much smaller than i expected . it was not really what i wanted and i 've been a bit frustrated with the product , so maybe hopefully the size is different . good luck .
it is angled near the top , however you can adjust it sitting in your lap . this is a great desk !
it is 15 3 4 '' x 10 1 2 '' . the picture is inaccurate as the cushion does not provide as much of an angle as it appears to . it 's really more flat .
i just purchased one myself . i have converted several hundred old ( 1974-1983 ) 35mm colored slides into digital images . i have had no problems . the one thing i noticed is the way the slide is put into the scanner . the slide can not always be put into the scanner in the same position it is put into the viewgraph projector . sometimes it must be turned 90 degrees or it will cut off some of the picture . once the slide is scanned it can then be rotated back by the computer slide viewer . do n't know if this is your problem .
no . they have to go onto a card . find a computer that takes a card , then put onto usb stick .
i got it as a gift to my dad , he has n't explored it much , so as far as he knows only jpg
it will not scan a 3 '' x 5 '' negative
sorry , i do not know . i have just used it on mounted 35mm transparenciesjohn
no . the images are captured to a secure digital card that can then be inserted into a computer for upload .
about 5-10 seconds -very fast
i have purchased 6 of these for my office . one broke , and one had static , i replaced both and new worked fine . however , this is a cheap phone so i think the quality is not the best . if you have fax , answer machine or computer on same line , ask at radio shack about a filter.shannon
yes , an adaptor for wall mounting is included .
yesgreat phone !
there is no included ac adaptor , nor does there seem to be anyplace to connect one . you need batteries .
the screen is most definitely not backlit . the only lights on this phone are the incoming call light above the screen , and the mute and speaker buttons when activated . if you go to the official description at telephones.att.com , they make no mention of backlighting ( or dect 6.0 cordless compatibility either - amazon refuses to correct these errors ) . the model with full screen backlighting is the cl4940 .
it is a type of equalizer that puts talk into what is supposed to be a more easily understood frequency range . i 'm not a user because it 's just not needed yet , i guess .
hold ? where 's the `` hold '' button ?
no . it does not have a voicemail indicator light .
yes , wall mountable , and all necessary hardware is in the box .
yes
hi phylthe spine measures 1 inchthe binder comes with a pack of paperif you are going to use dividers ( a to z ) do n't expect to put the entire pack of paper in the book.that said i like the book , i use it for all my passwords.it was a little pricey but it 's good quality and it should last a very long time.you get what you pay for in life phyl.hope that helps
not sure - check on mead website !
yes i bought them from same supplier as the binder
the rings are 3 4 of an inch apart .
the binder did not come with paper or dividers , they had to be ordered separately .
the first ciss i purchased had a button on the cartridge , in the most recent i just turn off and on the printer .
just buy ink in bulk and refill the reservoir .
dunno i am not sure
when there was a problem , i simply turned off the printer and turn it back on . so far , it works every time . had it for a long time , best investment ever !
i would focus more on the number of the ink cartridge . i have an hp printer that takes ink 564. hope that helps .
it just depends how heavy is your usage . you may want to contact the mfgr . for more specifications .
yes , i have the hp photosmart 5520 and this ink works perfectly ... i received it around 9 24 14 and it has printed perfectly since then . it 's 9 28 14 now .
i do n't know . i have 7520 hp it should work for mine but it was very poor quality
always save money ? yes . i have been using remanu 'd or third party ink for years , and never had a problem with any of them from different sellers . when you see someone complain about leaks , they are generally not careful . i handle it gently , and the printer works just fine . yes , hp inks work always - but $ 20 vs $ 50 is why i do n't always buy hp ink . i like it - but it is way overpriced .
not sure . we purchased it for the hp photosmart 7510 .
my printer would tell me not hp ink but would stop telling me . did they work at all ? try removing and putting back in . also in tools on printer you can clean ink jets . sounds like one is not installed or maybe is damaged . buy your printer from costco and they will return anytime have returned 4 hp 's in 4 years
not a ckue . they didnt work well .
i 've tried just one adapters without success .
if is not printing that usually means the batteries need to be replaced . there is no way to put ink in this label maker . hope this helps .
no ,
no it does not
no
yes it does i print from my iphone 5c and from my ipads
the print quality is very good . to me it 's well worth what little in quality sacrifice -- if any -- for the cost savings per copy , involved . i found these cartridges online for $ 89 per set of 4 and expect to get around 2000 copies or more . so the cost per sheet in an incredible deal , which is why i tried this copier in the first place . my color copies look very professional , but not glossy .
the printer comes with starter cartridges that definitely do not give as much output as the full replacement cartridges . i ca n't say an exact number but it 's significantly less .
i do n't know of a single hp printer , that can do this on a reliable basis .
i do n't know but the printer `` decides '' that cartridges need to be changed even with little use . we have some of these at our office and they are set to print black and white only . the printer still forces us to change the color cartridges once in a while .
all mine says is cli-251 , the is nothing about xl
it 's the same as far as i know , i bought this one and have been very happy with it !
yes , as far as i know . i frequently print from my ipad . be aware this printer is painfully slow and annoyingly noisy ( even in quiet mode ) . if i used it more often , i might ditch it for another one . i have not had it a year , yet .
the answer really depends upon what is called the coverage ratio . most printers assume that about 5 % of the paper will be covered in ink , such as a printed page of text . however , once you go to something with much denser print ( like pictures , that cover the entire page ) , then the number of pages you get goes down drastically -- like by a factor of 20 times ( 5 % x 20 = 100 % ) . what is really a good thing to do is go on ebay , enter in the type of printer you want , then see how much ink refills are selling for . canons are usually pretty good because the non-oem cartridges can be purchased as cheaply as 95 cents for a black or color ink tank . however , if all you can find is oem inks , then you better plan on paying maybe 7-10 times more for your ink . so the ink decision turns on 1. what type of printing do i want to do and 2. can i get non-oem cartridges at a reasonable price . i usually purchase cartridges in sets of maybe 5-10 refills , meaning 50 cartridges at a time since it takes 5 tanks to make a complete set . hopefully this is helpful in making your decision . also realize that if the print head fails on a canon , the printer is essentially worthless because canon charges as much for a print head as they do for the entire printer . again , check ebay or equivalent to see if you can purchase replacement print heads at a reasonable cost . if you ca n't , then there is a pretty fair chance that the ink print head will fail , and when it does , your printer is shot and worthless to you . i run about 8 printers in my business , so i have had to learn how to watch this stuff carefully to help control what otherwise would be very high costs in producing documents . hope this is helpful to you ! the answer really depends upon what is called the coverage ratio . most printers assume that about 5 % of the paper will be covered in ink , such as a printed page of text . however , once you go to something with much denser print ( like pictures , that cover the entire page ) , then the number of pages you get goes down drastically -- like by a factor of 20 times ( 5 % x 20 = 100 % ) . what is really a good thing to do is go on ebay , enter in the type of printer you want , then see how much ink refills are selling for . canons are usually pretty good because the non-oem cartridges can be purchased as ... » read more the answer really depends upon what is called the coverage ratio . most printers assume that about 5 % of the paper will be covered in ink , such as a printed page of text . however , once you go to something with much denser print ( like pictures , that cover the entire page ) , then the number of pages you get goes down drastically -- like by a factor of 20 times ( 5 % x 20 = 100 % ) . what is really a good thing to do is go on ebay , enter in the type of printer you want , then see how much ink refills are selling for . canons are usually pretty good because the non-oem cartridges can be purchased as cheaply as 95 cents for a black or color ink tank . however , if all you can find is oem inks , then you better plan on paying maybe 7-10 times more for your ink . so the ink decision turns on 1. what type of printing do i want to do and 2. can i get non-oem cartridges at a reasonable price . i usually purchase cartridges in sets of maybe 5-10 refills , meaning 50 cartridges at a time since it takes 5 tanks to make a complete set . hopefully this is helpful in making your decision . also realize that if the print head fails on a canon , the printer is essentially worthless because canon charges as much for a print head as they do for the entire printer . again , check ebay or equivalent to see if you can purchase replacement print heads at a reasonable cost . if you ca n't , then there is a pretty fair chance that the ink print head will fail , and when it does , your printer is shot and worthless to you . i run about 8 printers in my business , so i have had to learn how to watch this stuff carefully to help control what otherwise would be very high costs in producing documents . hope this is helpful to you ! « show less
yes . you can reduce or enlarge copies by selecting 1-home , 2-copy , 3-settings , and 4-magnification . from there choose the size you want . hope this helps ... ... ..
the larger tank uses ink to print documents . the smaller tank has a special ink for printing pictures it will last longer without fading .
i checked the box mine came in , and the bottom and back of the printer , and found no indication of line voltage specs . my on-screen manual says `` ac 120-240 v , 50 60hz ''
what is a catr ? what is the question ?
that is what i use it for . the surface is n't smoothe , so you will need something under your paper for writing
~22 '' from the desk top to the base of the panel ( where the panel connects to the legs ) .
this stand will hold virtually any book ( we 've tested it with thick medical school textbooks & many `` professional '' students use this product to increase their comfort when reading & studying ... ps an `` adjustable height & angle bookstand '' was the concept that started uncaged ergonomics ! ) . the panel is 18 '' w x 10 '' d. the panel is n't 100 % smooth ( like a desktop ) - it has pre-drilled holes & our recommendation would be to use a clipboard binder behind documents for support especially if you intend to write directly on the paper . feel free to call us if you have other questions - we 're here to help . this stand will hold virtually any book ( we 've tested it with thick medical school textbooks & many `` professional '' students use this product to increase their comfort when reading & studying ... ps an `` adjustable height & angle bookstand '' was the concept that started uncaged ergonomics ! ) . the panel is 18 '' w x 10 '' d. the panel is n't 100 % smooth ( like a desktop ) - it has pre-drilled holes & our recommendation would be to use a clipboard binder behind documents for support especially if you intend to write directly on the paper . feel free to call us if you have ... » read more this stand will hold virtually any book ( we 've tested it with thick medical school textbooks & many `` professional '' students use this product to increase their comfort when reading & studying ... ps an `` adjustable height & angle bookstand '' was the concept that started uncaged ergonomics ! ) . the panel is 18 '' w x 10 '' d. the panel is n't 100 % smooth ( like a desktop ) - it has pre-drilled holes & our recommendation would be to use a clipboard binder behind documents for support especially if you intend to write directly on the paper . feel free to call us if you have other questions - we 're here to help . « show less
we really like this book stand . my husband uses it for books weighing 4 lbs and it works for him . you need to make sure it is locked in place . it may wiggle a bit if you type with it but i think it would work for you .
hello , this printer do n't come with staples , but we can add it for additional $ 249.77.++++++++dell finisher with stapler for dell b3465dn b3465dnf laser printers++++++++thank you .
legal size is largest
hello nataly , thank you for your email . the dell b3465dnf offers advanced security features , and user authentication as follows : advanced security features designed to protect data* help prevent confidential documents sent to the printer from being viewed by others with the pin authentication feature . this feature allows users to set a pin that must be entered on the printer to retrieve print jobs . a maximum number of pin entry attempts may also be specified so when the number of pin entry attempts exceeds the specified amount , all of the related print jobs are deleted . * protect your data with snmpv3 support for added network security , while the optional wireless print server supports wpa2.0 and 802.1x wireless security . * with access controls , you can choose from a drop-down list of available security templates to control local and remote access to specific menus , functions and workflows . it also provides the ability to disable functions entirely . * physically lock the printer with a kensington lock . use the optional lockable paper tray to help protect costly or sensitive media , such as company letterheads or checks ( kensington lock and optional lockable tray sold separately ) .as for the wireless capability , the dell b3465dnf can print wirelessly after adding the optional `` dell wireless network adapter for dell b2360dn b3460dn laser printers '' for $ 49.99 plus shipping.regards , rri10 07 2013++++++++++ hello nataly , thank you for your email . the dell b3465dnf offers advanced security features , and user authentication as follows : advanced security features designed to protect data* help prevent confidential documents sent to the printer from being viewed by others with the pin authentication feature . this feature allows users to set a pin that must be entered on the printer to retrieve print jobs . a maximum number of pin entry attempts may also be specified so when the number of pin entry attempts exceeds the specified amount , all of the ... » read more hello nataly , thank you for your email . the dell b3465dnf offers advanced security features , and user authentication as follows : advanced security features designed to protect data* help prevent confidential documents sent to the printer from being viewed by others with the pin authentication feature . this feature allows users to set a pin that must be entered on the printer to retrieve print jobs . a maximum number of pin entry attempts may also be specified so when the number of pin entry attempts exceeds the specified amount , all of the related print jobs are deleted . * protect your data with snmpv3 support for added network security , while the optional wireless print server supports wpa2.0 and 802.1x wireless security . * with access controls , you can choose from a drop-down list of available security templates to control local and remote access to specific menus , functions and workflows . it also provides the ability to disable functions entirely . * physically lock the printer with a kensington lock . use the optional lockable paper tray to help protect costly or sensitive media , such as company letterheads or checks ( kensington lock and optional lockable tray sold separately ) .as for the wireless capability , the dell b3465dnf can print wirelessly after adding the optional `` dell wireless network adapter for dell b2360dn b3460dn laser printers '' for $ 49.99 plus shipping.regards , rri10 07 2013++++++++++ « show less
i only see one available on amazon . the mfg number is 331-8435 , the seller is asking 208thanks
it uses 8.5 by 11
yes it is
no
when your out of ink the printer lets you know in the small front window . simply open the deck or top half of the printer , and remove old cartridge , replace with new
one color and one black
2 - one color , one black .
it does n't . everything was in japanese . but you can learn that , there are tutorials . the device is simple to use .
only image files with no text conversion
yes . it is black on the outside and red on the inside .
i would n't say it can print without a computer as it needs information to prints something and vice versa with scanning as the data needs a source . but it can make scan and print a copy . or scan and fax .
yes .
it has the option of black or color
i used a standard usb cord purchased from walmart and it worked just fine .
ink did come with my printer purchase .
the printer is appx . 7 '' tall , 17 '' long at top , and 12 '' wide at the base.. hope this helps..
i believe the monday before the 1st of january
1 3 15
this is 6.7 x 3.7 x .3 inches - not the mini size
no , and unfortunately i was not as smart as you to ask - it is giant and i can not use it -better luck to you !
i received 2 holders , both have 4 slots : 1 for slides & 1 for standard 35mm negatives
no . there are holders for 35mm slides and negatives , and that is the size of the area scanned .
dedicated 35mm film scanner.thanksanthony j argy srfull color copier inc .
there is no adjustment for this . but , the depth of field in this optic system is sufficient to handle everything except an improperly loaded slide .
mine came with a 2-prong u.s. style plug with a label that says input is 110-240v 50-60hz with 1.0a max . the power cord : model sys1308-2415-w2 ... part no . sys1308-1515hope that helps
the scanner does not have an automatic advance for slides or film , rather you put the content into the carriage , then insert it to the scanner and each advance is manual . once you get your settings for scanning set , save them and reload the settings each session . you can simply advance the carriage to each image then click the 'scan ' button . it 's pretty quick . your sessions can be for whatever film or negative you have . for thousands of slides , you 're going to want to be patient . scanning takes 30 seconds or so per frame , depending on the dpi you choose , but this is nowhere close to a 'thousand slides in an evening ' proposition ... the scanner does not have an automatic advance for slides or film , rather you put the content into the carriage , then insert it to the scanner and each advance is manual . once you get your settings for scanning set , save them and reload the settings each session . you can simply advance the carriage to each image then click the 'scan ' button . it 's pretty quick . your sessions can be for whatever film or negative you have . for thousands of slides , you 're going to want to be patient . scanning takes 30 seconds or so per frame , depending on the dpi you choose , but this is nowhere close to a ... » read more the scanner does not have an automatic advance for slides or film , rather you put the content into the carriage , then insert it to the scanner and each advance is manual . once you get your settings for scanning set , save them and reload the settings each session . you can simply advance the carriage to each image then click the 'scan ' button . it 's pretty quick . your sessions can be for whatever film or negative you have . for thousands of slides , you 're going to want to be patient . scanning takes 30 seconds or so per frame , depending on the dpi you choose , but this is nowhere close to a 'thousand slides in an evening ' proposition ... « show less
i do n't know about other versions but i 'm using windows 7 professional and the scanner works fine .
no ... but supposedly they say they 're working on software for apple macs ... i run mine on a toshiba satellite laptop & it runs well . only issue i noticed was when i transferred photos to the apple - they did not look the same , so it seems whatever settings this scanner uses , they are particular to the computer laptop used
yes
all of the base units - the main base , and individual phone unit bases - are wall mountable .
it does have a headphone jack , but i am not aware of any bt capabilities .
no , you can not use headphones
we bought it for our museums department and they bought an adapter that went with it to make slides and negative scanning work , but i do n't know if it was to make it easier or if it was required to make it work .
hello , i have not yet had the chance to scan any color pieces - i 've scanned only bw so far - and i had to make color corrections in photoshop . i 've had epson scanners in the past ( not this expensive though ) , and i 've always had to make color adjustments .
i didnt , have had no issues . the way technology advances i wouldnt want this device in 3 to 4 years anyways .
yes
yes . i am still not very good at this either . i got it exactly right one time but now ca n't remember what i did . i even paid someone to come help me learn how to use this scanner but it did n't help . it 's a little frustrating .
os required microsoft windows xp , microsoft windows 7 , microsoft windows xp professional x64 edition , microsoft windows vista , apple macos x 10.5.x , apple macos x 10.6.x , apple macos x 10.7.x , apple macos x 10.8.x
you can do this with the provided epson scanning software . note that you have to be in professional mode to do this . this will be at the very top of the scanning software window . once you 've done your preview scan , create selection marquees around each item you wish to scan separately . after you make each selection , there will be a black line drawn around each one when it is not selected . the one that is active will have the `` marching ants '' around it . then just hold down the shift key ( on the mac ) and select each of the other items . all should now have separate `` marching ants '' selection areas around them . when you hit `` scan , '' the scanner will then scan them all and save each one as a separate file . or , you can do a preview scan with the `` thumbnail '' box checked ( it is at the very bottom of the window . ) this will provide you with previews in thumbnail mode of your multiple images and you can check a box for each one you want scanned separately . also , you can tell it what you want your naming convention to be , what number to start with , etc . prior to scanning . epson provides great documentation on how to do everything on this scanner . there is a `` help '' button in the scan software window which links you to the user manual . here is a link on how to do : files.support.epson.com htmldocs ex10kg ex10kgrf howto_4.htm you can do this with the provided epson scanning software . note that you have to be in professional mode to do this . this will be at the very top of the scanning software window . once you 've done your preview scan , create selection marquees around each item you wish to scan separately . after you make each selection , there will be a black line drawn around each one when it is not selected . the one that is active will have the `` marching ants '' around it . then just hold down the shift key ( on the mac ) and select each of the other items . all should now have separate `` marching ... » read more you can do this with the provided epson scanning software . note that you have to be in professional mode to do this . this will be at the very top of the scanning software window . once you 've done your preview scan , create selection marquees around each item you wish to scan separately . after you make each selection , there will be a black line drawn around each one when it is not selected . the one that is active will have the `` marching ants '' around it . then just hold down the shift key ( on the mac ) and select each of the other items . all should now have separate `` marching ants '' selection areas around them . when you hit `` scan , '' the scanner will then scan them all and save each one as a separate file . or , you can do a preview scan with the `` thumbnail '' box checked ( it is at the very bottom of the window . ) this will provide you with previews in thumbnail mode of your multiple images and you can check a box for each one you want scanned separately . also , you can tell it what you want your naming convention to be , what number to start with , etc . prior to scanning . epson provides great documentation on how to do everything on this scanner . there is a `` help '' button in the scan software window which links you to the user manual . here is a link on how to do : files.support.epson.com htmldocs ex10kg ex10kgrf howto_4.htm « show less
everything i scan automatically saves to jpeg format . no need for photoshop !
you have to write in all your own dates and months so it can be for any year . i was not pleased with it and would not purchase this one again . the week also starts on monday not sunday and some of the stuff was not even in english .
it is mostly a daily planner as opposed to being diary . it has an area for notes . it really is a nce journal .
it 's smaller than 5 by 7. i do n't have it to measure because i bought it as a stocking stuffer for my grandson and it fit easily in his xmas stocking . the size is more like 4 1 2 by 6. it is charming . i can tell you this , he loved it !
the size excludes the adhesive strip , the strip is about 1 2 inch wide you need to leave about 1 2 inch at top of bag so you can seal it tight if its a solid item i hope this helps . regards sue
they are not quite long enough for sunglasses , i 'm afraid . sorry sweetie .
the bags are packed tightly in a box .
without seeing the necklace , i really can not answer this question .
i have n't actually counted , but there should be 100 .
depends on the size .
about 2 ft
probably . it 's very wide .
i measure 23 and 1 16 '' to the outside edges of the bottom section of the legs .
yes full range of motion due to the hinge
i do n't use it for that , use it for my laptop but do n't see why you ca n't use it as a keyboard stand .
yes , i use it to read books all the time . one of the books i use it for is probably 1200 pages
i threw the box away , but i looked all over the table and see no markings or any other indications . although i can say im very happy with it and use it a lot . i cant tell u how much more convenient it is vs a pillow or whatever else i put on my lap before .
its about 18 inches tall .
hi , we only sell the packs complete , we do not have separate pens , however if you contact me through our website , i will see what is possible to do to help you . regards andrew
yes and show off quite well
you could use for all of those things
all the colors were different , for example there were a couple blue but one is glittery and one is not . they are great pens just mine did n't seem to last even a day of writing , granted i write a lot .
yes . it comes in small box . inside there is a small thin plastic `` stand '' with a hole for each individual pen . the `` small set '' in the main image is actually exactly what it looks like . in other words , it looks exactly like the picture .
some of them do , but not all . of the ones we tried so far , maybe 2 or 3 looked ok on black paper .
the only answer the box gives us fine ink ball point pens . i wish i had a better answer for you !
after u take off the outer packaging just lift up the plastic
the cylinder fits almost all chairs as the chairs are technically identical below the seat . except for the recline pivot plate has small differences in distance and back attachment .
this cylinder will fit into all standard chairs . i put it in a chair for a tall guy since he needed his chair to go up farther than the standard cylinder . it 's a bit of a pain to change out , but with some pipe wrenches and a rubber mallet we were able to get the old one out and place this new one in . been working great for the associate .
i am not sure . my chair was a laz-y-boy and it worked very well . the chair actually sits higher than the original , which is great .
i just looked up the sku-s6112-hd & the weight limit is posted as 500lbs on 4 different websites .
most office chairs that have a lift mechanism use a standard socket for the base , and fit the socket under the seat where the adjusting lever does its job . here 's the thing -- if you order it from amazon and it turns out not to fit , you can return it pretty easily for a credit . i 've used these on `` place '' chairs , and manager 's chairs . when it is time to remove the failed lift cylinder i recommend getting some big channel-lock pliers to twist the old one out of upper and lower sockets . lay the chair on its side , grab the cylinder and turn both the cylinder and the leg-wheel base in opposite directions , then twist it out of the bottom of the seat . the new one just pops in -- no sweat . most office chairs that have a lift mechanism use a standard socket for the base , and fit the socket under the seat where the adjusting lever does its job . here 's the thing -- if you order it from amazon and it turns out not to fit , you can return it pretty easily for a credit . i 've used these on `` place '' chairs , and manager 's chairs . when it is time to remove the failed lift cylinder i recommend getting some big channel-lock pliers to twist the old one out of upper and lower sockets . lay the chair on its side , grab the cylinder and turn both the cylinder and the leg-wheel base in ... » read more most office chairs that have a lift mechanism use a standard socket for the base , and fit the socket under the seat where the adjusting lever does its job . here 's the thing -- if you order it from amazon and it turns out not to fit , you can return it pretty easily for a credit . i 've used these on `` place '' chairs , and manager 's chairs . when it is time to remove the failed lift cylinder i recommend getting some big channel-lock pliers to twist the old one out of upper and lower sockets . lay the chair on its side , grab the cylinder and turn both the cylinder and the leg-wheel base in opposite directions , then twist it out of the bottom of the seat . the new one just pops in -- no sweat . « show less
i was 550 when i ordered and it has held up this whole time i am down to 460 and it is doing a great job
the credit card size sleeves seem to hold up to being used however the one of the passport size sleeves has failed in a very short time . half of the material ( really thin foil ) lining has been scraped away and the seam has come undone . not only did they skimp on the foil lining they skimped on the glue or bonding agent as well . the large passport sleeve went into service around late march 2014 and gets used about once a week so it has n't lasted four months . the second large passport sleeve will be entering service tommorrow .
yes , according to my friend who travels internationally
it should be the same protection . i needed enough for two people .
i think it works fine . when i did n't use the foil is when they got me . i think you have to be sure that the foil is on both sides of the card . i have a clutch wallet and i put the foil in the two area behind the credit card holders .
they work except they are difficult to get cards and passport in and out of the envelope . they did not last very long .
that would be the weight of each sleeve .
have not seen any problem with moisture .
fits in mine . tightly .
if you read the `` disclaimer '' in the product description - does not shield these types of cards : - older `` prox '' cards , hid 125 khz . includes : proxcard ii , isoprox ii , duoprox ii , smart isoprox ii , smart duoproxii , proxcard plus - indala flexiso , flexcard , flex tagi have an employer access card and it is at a different rf than a credit card 's rf .
yes , the passport size fits full passports .
yes the same colors in this packyellow , magenta , cyan and two black
i have printed hundreds of 4x6 pictures and other documents with this ink , works llike a charm .
the photo quality seems real good to my eye , particularly for the price . i think it is worth it for you to try them out once . if it works for you it will save you a ton over time . if you do n't like the quality you can still use them for everyday printing at a lot less .
not sure about the printer model . just want to say buy from a different vender i have tried several and this one is by far a failure . i am now having trouble with another cartridge from the pack . i have to constantly remove it and put it back in to be recognized . not worth the few bucks that i saved . i am going back to inkforless until my local ink store gets the chips for these cartridges . also found that the ink was used up faster than the original something just is not right with their product .
charlie , i ca n't definitively answer your question . i am still using the ink that came with my printer . i bought the ink4work 5 cartridge set as a replacement . this set was recommended for this printer . i will find out soon .
works great on the mg5420
these cartridges have the electronic sensor connection that tells your printer that the cartridge is full .
i do n't think so . however i think the price of this ink is cheaper than refilling .
i wish i knew this was a 2013 i ordered . there was no year on the order and i thought no one would sell a 2013 at the end of that year ! now i can not return it because it has been 33 days , vs. 30. i did n't need to write an entry in my supposedly 2014 until today , october 26th .
i own a 2014 refill and you are correct . the picture shows january 1st starting on thursday when it should be starting on a wednesday for a 2104 calendar . this late in the year , i suspect they are selling the refills for 2015 .
yes this is the refill i currently have for my planner for 2014
yes .
yes .
the item details indicate that there is a storage pocket . i know in past years it has been paper - no plastic on this item
each two page `` spread '' is one month .
hardcover
yes , it does . that 's another advantage .
yes it is
no
no
it 's thicker than notebook paper but not card-stock weight .
of course . you can see on the image that each block is day of its own . and with plenty of room for that day 's reminders . plus there are two or three blank blocks at the start or end of the month .
the outside of the frame measures 23-7 8 '' x 35-15 16 '' , so it is slightly smaller than 24 '' x 36 '' . the frame portion is 1 '' wide all around , so the usable cork portion is slightly less than 22 '' x 34 '' .
yes it 's durable enough for office use . i would n't recommend it for 40 kids using every day like in a school . but for medium duty office use it is fine . proper installation is key .
it 's not very thick , max a couple inches ( including the wooden frame ... i 'd say the cork is less than an inch thick ) . i 'm unsure as to whether or not it would fall apart . it 's sturdy ( even though it 's not thick ) , but i suspect the sturdiness comes from the wooden frame and the backing . i would n't cut it .
i just use small tacks pins like for the backboard of my cubicle desk . nothing too big or heavy duty to avoid leaving holes in the cork .
yes you can - i have two of these and hung them vertically . i have a picture but amazon does not have an option for picture uploads .
they fit in between the cork board and the frame of the cork board after they are fixed onto the wall .
there are small metal anchors that you can attach to the back of the frame if you want to use them to hang the board on two nails on a wall . the hardest part is making sure that the nails are level with each other . i do not recommend eye-balling it , use a level if you have one available .
the depth of the frame is almost 1 '' , exactly 12 16 or 3 4 of an inch . the front of the frame is 1 '' . it comes with a hook that goes into the wall and underneath the frame in the back . hope this help . let me know if i can be of further assistance .
plastic
yes .
no . usb , parallel , or serial port . via cable .
no bluetooth connectivity . otherwise a great printer . awkward changing internal fonts .
hi marie - the drivers for this printer are available on epson 's website . you 'll need a little technical know-how to install the printer . i do not recall a disc with installation media being included in the box . these drivers are supported on windows xp , vista , 7 , and 8. use this link : http : goo.gl wbtpyw
i am very happy with this printer . when they refer to subpar for photo and graphics , they are comparing it to ink jet quality especially for photos . for general use and office it is very acceptable . the average person will be quite satisfied.this is not meant for professional graphics use . i recommend you go to a retail store and check out some sample print outs . that 's the only way to know for sure . all i can say is that i am quite satisfied .
ours has worked excellent , and allot better than the good for nothing noisy hp we had prior to it !
although i am overall happy with the product , the color printing is subpar . to be fair , i have n't used it on photo paper because i 'm typically printing reports but i still expected better . if that 's your main need , i would n't get this printer . overall , i recommend this printer .
yes , the default tray feeds letter and legal only . the manual feed tray is for odd sizes , photo paper and envelopes . i love this printer , especially the scanner .
you do not need a land line . i dont have one and it works fine . i can even fax by scanning my document and subscribing to a digital fax service .
yes
we had them in a fridge . a few were in ice but not for long and they looked fine . not sure long term .
no they are not waterproof !
go to avery.com for templates . it works with all of their products .
i ended up not using them , but they are n't paper so i think they would be fine .
i used a printer with toner but i think would be the same . they stayed water proof for several hours . not sure how long it would last ... gave out all the bottles after 1 hour .
i used them on a 16oz bottle , and the label overlaps a bit . so when printing make sure you take that into account . i tried it out on a 20oz gatorade , and it worked as well . they are amazing labels . i tested them out to see if they really did n't bleed and if they 'd actually stay on the bottle once wet . i submerged a bottle with a label on it in water for 30 mins , and it was still good as new .
your printer looks exactly my mine except i have a black one . looked up the printer it uses the canon 128 the same as i use . the regular ofc d cost is $ 90- $ 125 or $ 12- $ 90 on amazon . mine is one of those models the d560 i believe . mine is in my classroom . when ordering make sure each cartridge prints atleast 2100 copies each .
it 's about two years . eps toner comes with lifetime warranty . if you have any question notice a defective issue , you can call us for the replacement refund .
hi , this is for two pack toner cartridges . cindy
i do not believe so , mine is a mf4450 a little different looking
i do n't know but you can search in manufacturar page .
this is the complete cartridge . pull out the spent cartridge from the printer unit and replace it with the eps unit following the directions provided . works great for us . hope i helped .
you would want to get the lxwxh measurements of each tablet before making that call . i would assume that since it is not a hard case that you would be able squeeze it in there .
no it does n't . screen is perfectly safe .
hi i own 1 n have no problem try to reset to reconnect
no , it does not tilt . it has a kickstand in the back that holds tablet up in position to view , a rather flimsy one that if it broke it would no longer be of use .
yes it is ! my little brother has that exact tablet and we tried connecting it to his device and it worked . just turn on the bluetooth and then connect to the keyboard .
the bluetooth wireless keyboard fits into the case magnetically . i rarely use it . i use the case alone . it is charged via usb ( included ) some people have a usb slot in their pc keyboards - computer fronts or usb on sides of the laptop .
mine still has magnet in it , but i 've never had any of the problems others have reported .
the note 8 battery last for days as long as you do not data stream or watch movies . hope that help .
yes
mine is battery powered only but it did n't use them up fast .
yes this can have an adapter , but its under optional accessories and u may hv to purchase it seperately . i think its about 20-25 $ depending on where u buy it.i hv not bought an adapter , but am looking for buying one in next few dys.thnxashish ralkar
yes
no , it on comes in 1 2 inch
you need to buy the special ribbon and ink cartridges which have the ribbon and the ink in them . if you buy the ribbons from a store you wo n't have the special ink to go with them - it must work on some thermal transfer system
this is just a standard epson lw-300 bundled with the ribbon tapes . the tapes are special , the printer is not . you can buy any of the label tapes that work for this model .
i do n't think that will work . the plastic tape is very thin , and the adhesive is like that on cellophane tape . i would check for a specific tape of cloth for that purpose . i think that kind of tape would be too thick for this little printer .
mine came with four , 3 color and 1 black
yes these are the over sized ink cartridges
it just means there is more ink in the same sized cartridge , enough for 600 pages versus the ? 300 pages for a lc101 cartridge . when a new machine is shipped it comes with lc101 cartridges that are enough to peak your interest .
yes
yes , check settings to use less color at all times , black can be purchased in bulk packs of two or three , maybe even four .
lc103 of course
no
yes , that 's exactly what i use ! i really like this planner !
i do n't have this planner , but i have a filofax personal size which has the same ring layout . i use the rapesco adjustable diary punch 66-p that i bought off amazon to punch holes in other papers i want to add to my planner .
it does have refillable pages
i will tell you what i know because i like this printer and the company brother . i am in the midst of a scanning project and have scanned stacks of documents to pdf and that works quite well . i tried to scan a number of documents to jpg files and did n't have much luck ( but i did n't spend a lot of time with it ) ... i do not know the maximum thickness but i would hesitate a reasonable guess that if the weight and type of paper was suitable you should be able to scan a stack of photos using the `` scan to ocr '' setting ( pdf ) ... but as i mentioned i do n't know your stock or flexibility of the photos ... hope that helps a little . i have found brother to be an excellent company to deal with and suspect that this question to them would be answered accurately i will tell you what i know because i like this printer and the company brother . i am in the midst of a scanning project and have scanned stacks of documents to pdf and that works quite well . i tried to scan a number of documents to jpg files and did n't have much luck ( but i did n't spend a lot of time with it ) ... i do not know the maximum thickness but i would hesitate a reasonable guess that if the weight and type of paper was suitable you should be able to scan a stack of photos using the `` scan to ocr '' setting ( pdf ) ... but as i mentioned i do n't know your stock or flexibility of ... » read more i will tell you what i know because i like this printer and the company brother . i am in the midst of a scanning project and have scanned stacks of documents to pdf and that works quite well . i tried to scan a number of documents to jpg files and did n't have much luck ( but i did n't spend a lot of time with it ) ... i do not know the maximum thickness but i would hesitate a reasonable guess that if the weight and type of paper was suitable you should be able to scan a stack of photos using the `` scan to ocr '' setting ( pdf ) ... but as i mentioned i do n't know your stock or flexibility of the photos ... hope that helps a little . i have found brother to be an excellent company to deal with and suspect that this question to them would be answered accurately « show less
if you mean the size of the machine at the base , it is roughly 14 '' x 19 . '' if you load 11x17 paper , that tray sticks out in the front about 8 '' or so .
my printer takes lc103 or lc105 color cartridges . a quick check at staples says mfc-j6910dw takes lc75 cartridges .
according to the `` advanced user 's guide '' , ( downloadable at the brother website ) yes you can scan 11 x 17 and scale it down to 8.5 x 11 . ( 64 % )
the top tray has a 5.5 '' ( 14 cm ) wide piece that pulls out about 5 '' ( 12.5 cm ) to catch the sheets as they drop . the prints drop with about 2 '' or 3 '' of their width still inside the printer so this works well for standard letter sized sheets . in addition , it also has a flip out extension that adds another 2.5 '' ( 6 cm ) for longer sheets . i have 11 '' x 17 '' paper loaded in the upper tray . that tray stretches for that larger paper size and extends out from the front of the printer about 6 '' ( 15 cm ) and it alone , with the 2 '' or 3 '' recess i mentioned above , acts as a perfect receiving tray . but i can still use the pull out and flip out extensions to get another 7.5 '' ( 19 cm ) for those longer prints . there are no `` sides '' in any of these configurations so the stack is somewhat loose . but nothing falls off and on to the desk or floor . it is well thought out and works quite nicely . the top tray has a 5.5 '' ( 14 cm ) wide piece that pulls out about 5 '' ( 12.5 cm ) to catch the sheets as they drop . the prints drop with about 2 '' or 3 '' of their width still inside the printer so this works well for standard letter sized sheets . in addition , it also has a flip out extension that adds another 2.5 '' ( 6 cm ) for longer sheets . i have 11 '' x 17 '' paper loaded in the upper tray . that tray stretches for that larger paper size and extends out from the front of the printer about 6 '' ( 15 cm ) and it alone , with the 2 '' or 3 '' recess i ... » read more the top tray has a 5.5 '' ( 14 cm ) wide piece that pulls out about 5 '' ( 12.5 cm ) to catch the sheets as they drop . the prints drop with about 2 '' or 3 '' of their width still inside the printer so this works well for standard letter sized sheets . in addition , it also has a flip out extension that adds another 2.5 '' ( 6 cm ) for longer sheets . i have 11 '' x 17 '' paper loaded in the upper tray . that tray stretches for that larger paper size and extends out from the front of the printer about 6 '' ( 15 cm ) and it alone , with the 2 '' or 3 '' recess i mentioned above , acts as a perfect receiving tray . but i can still use the pull out and flip out extensions to get another 7.5 '' ( 19 cm ) for those longer prints . there are no `` sides '' in any of these configurations so the stack is somewhat loose . but nothing falls off and on to the desk or floor . it is well thought out and works quite nicely . « show less
yes , the top tray can hold the 8 1 2 x 11 and the bottom tray expands out to hold the 11 x 17 , great printer , also you can buy compatible ink on amazon that works great and saves money
the scanning quality is good , depending on your setting . scanning for `` professional printing '' is a little vague because you did n't mention size or the type of artwork . i have not been unhappy with any of the functions .
i never tried that weight of paper , but this printer is back in the box . it is not one of the best printers i 've had . i had it only a month before it started acting up . the power wo n't come on . i wo n't buy another one of these .
yes . you can choose which tray you want to be used on your print properties screen . if you have a or letter size in the top tray and b or tabloid size in the bottom tray it will automatically choose the proper tray based on paper size .
yes
you can block all kinds of calls . just be sure you do n't block those who you want to hear from . check into your account internet provider voice mail calls and block calls that you do not want there .
sorry due to illness in family i have not had an opportunity to install this product .
yes.check the instructions on page 14http : service.us.panasonic.com opermanpdf kxtg7731-mul.pdf
yes , up to 6 handsets ( kx-tga470 ) can be registered to the main base .
yes , all base units plug into electrical outlets .
yes , it does have that capability , although i have n't used either one of them . i have always been in a hurry when i used it and just transferred the files via the sd card .
8.5 '' ( w ) x 32 '' ( l ) max size . small receipts no issue . also has a sleeve to combine multiple small pieces into one scan .
no , ca n't scan a book still it 's binding .
the width is 8.5 . '' i could n't get it to work for much longer than 14 . '' i returned it . sorry i could n't be much more help .
of course . it stores the scanned images or pdf on a sd card
i used the kindle charger without any problem
no connection to any cloud needed .
no noise with mine other than paper feeding through it . mine does n't get hot at all ! only problem i have is getting pages to feed straight .
i recently purchased the same printer and because it came with the `` starter '' toner purchased that genuine toner here on amazon . it works just fine . btw , amazon was cheaper than staples .
yes , they are the high yield cartridges .
watch what you buy . there is only one black toner , but for the colors , there are two each - a standard and a high yield . you 'll get a lot less prints with the standard toners ...
items ending in 221 ( i.e. , the black ) are standard yield . items ending in 225 ( i.e. , the colors ) are high yield . i have tried to find high yield black , but have not had any luck .
ok , i see this style of comment a lot , and i can explain this . stock printer that `` comes with toner '' is really about half empty ( in this case about 600 pages ) . cost $ 300 600 pages , or $ 0.50 page regular yield toner costs $ 240 but lasts for about 1200 pages , so about $ 0.20 pagethese are high yield toners at $ 300 but will print about 2200 pages , which comes out to $ 0.14 pageso , new printer that comes with toner is over 3.5 times more expensive per page . by the way , i have owned samsung , lexmark , hp , and brother printers , some inkjet and some laser and they all seem to follow this pattern . ok , i see this style of comment a lot , and i can explain this . stock printer that `` comes with toner '' is really about half empty ( in this case about 600 pages ) . cost $ 300 600 pages , or $ 0.50 page regular yield toner costs $ 240 but lasts for about 1200 pages , so about $ 0.20 pagethese are high yield toners at $ 300 but will print about 2200 pages , which comes out to $ 0.14 pageso , new printer that comes with toner is over 3.5 times more expensive per page . by the way , i have owned samsung , lexmark , hp , and brother printers , some inkjet and ... » read more ok , i see this style of comment a lot , and i can explain this . stock printer that `` comes with toner '' is really about half empty ( in this case about 600 pages ) . cost $ 300 600 pages , or $ 0.50 page regular yield toner costs $ 240 but lasts for about 1200 pages , so about $ 0.20 pagethese are high yield toners at $ 300 but will print about 2200 pages , which comes out to $ 0.14 pageso , new printer that comes with toner is over 3.5 times more expensive per page . by the way , i have owned samsung , lexmark , hp , and brother printers , some inkjet and some laser and they all seem to follow this pattern . « show less
one of each color , not 4 of each color
tn221bk yields 2,500 pages & tn225 colors 2,200 , but there is a catch : all this is in accordance with iso iec 19798.this means that many factors like paper size , font size & format , page margins , print quality , toner density & contrast affect the yield count.also keep in mind that is based on letter a4 paper size , not legal or ledger paper size . hope this helps .
they do n't have a marked expiration date . i buy a set ahead and store them for several months without problems . i take 6 to 8 months to use up a set and do n't know that i 've had any failures . i 'm not sure how they would do if you store them for years .
short answer : picture quality is very good . longer answer : the xp-810 replaced an epson stylus photoprinter ; so print quality was important to me . before i purchased the 810 i spent considerable time looking at reviews . those that specifically mentioned print quality liked the quality . some reviews were more interested in the feature list . i have printed 4x6s and dvds using the disc print capability . these look very good to me . i do n't do much 8x10 as it is expensive ( ink costs ) and i really target creating high definition slide shows to play on blu ray players . i was concerned about the fact that the 810 did n't have 'light cyan ' or 'light magenta ' like my epson stylus did . but i have n't seen any degradation in color quality by their absence . i did like the 810 's addition of photo black . so there is one black cartridge for printing regular documents and another for printing photos . so you have better blacks for photos and good blacks for regular printing . this also holds costs down . short answer : picture quality is very good . longer answer : the xp-810 replaced an epson stylus photoprinter ; so print quality was important to me . before i purchased the 810 i spent considerable time looking at reviews . those that specifically mentioned print quality liked the quality . some reviews were more interested in the feature list . i have printed 4x6s and dvds using the disc print capability . these look very good to me . i do n't do much 8x10 as it is expensive ( ink costs ) and i really target creating high definition slide shows to play on blu ray players . i was concerned about the ... » read more short answer : picture quality is very good . longer answer : the xp-810 replaced an epson stylus photoprinter ; so print quality was important to me . before i purchased the 810 i spent considerable time looking at reviews . those that specifically mentioned print quality liked the quality . some reviews were more interested in the feature list . i have printed 4x6s and dvds using the disc print capability . these look very good to me . i do n't do much 8x10 as it is expensive ( ink costs ) and i really target creating high definition slide shows to play on blu ray players . i was concerned about the fact that the 810 did n't have 'light cyan ' or 'light magenta ' like my epson stylus did . but i have n't seen any degradation in color quality by their absence . i did like the 810 's addition of photo black . so there is one black cartridge for printing regular documents and another for printing photos . so you have better blacks for photos and good blacks for regular printing . this also holds costs down . « show less
yes , the default is one sided or it can be selected for two sided .
you can use the copy function to copy from the glass or from the document feeder .
i just bought this printer and am already in need of more ink . the ink multi-package i bought from epson cost about $ 45 . with the cartridges that came with the printer i was able to print around thirty-five 4x6 '' high-quality color photos and about ten 8x11 '' photos of the same quality . ink does seem to go fast when printing like this . hope that helps .
unless you are printing , the scan function should work as normal .
i have used aftermarket ink in at least 5 different epson inkjet printers without problem . i have not yet used up the ink in this printer , and have not searched for aftermarket suppliers . if you have a problem with clogging that can not be remedied yourself , and you need warranty repair , epson will not honor if they can tell you used aftermarket ink . there are pretty good deals on oem ink , so unless you find a very reputable aftermarket ink supplier with lots of good reviews , stick with epson oem ink
the epson expression xp-810 does have the capability to print to 'printable ' cds , dvds , and blu-rays ( bd ) . the word 'printable ' refers to media who 'label ' side is white with a verly slightly textured surface . it is just like printing on white paper . the texture is so that the ink will adhere better to the surface . as a side note , when using the term 'cd writer ' it usually refers to the ability to 'burn ' a cd , i.e. , burn data , music , video etc. , to a disc , not to print to it . but i think you were referring to actual printing not writing . please let me know if you have other questions . thanks ! the epson expression xp-810 does have the capability to print to 'printable ' cds , dvds , and blu-rays ( bd ) . the word 'printable ' refers to media who 'label ' side is white with a verly slightly textured surface . it is just like printing on white paper . the texture is so that the ink will adhere better to the surface . as a side note , when using the term 'cd writer ' it usually refers to the ability to 'burn ' a cd , i.e. , burn data , music , video etc. , to a disc , not to print to it . but i think you were referring to actual printing not writing . please let me know if you have other questions . thanks !
yes it is , buy you also have to puchase the printer , and the special ethernet cable for it to work .
yes , to use this cash drawer with square , you would need to connect this cash drawer to the back of the star receipt printer . this cash drawer will not connect directly to the square stand . when using it together with a star printer , this drawer will work . the cable to connect this cash drawer to the back of the star printer is part number cd-101a
no it does not , the cable is usually :014a cash drawer , multipro cable for star 24v series . https : www.amazon.com gp product b003xwgg6e ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage ? ie=utf8 &psc; =1as long as you have a standard recipt printer and can configure the printer to open the cash drawer when printing you are all ok , hope this helps
yes with removable till for larger bills ( i put $ 100s ) underneath
this is a printer driven drawer ... not a usb drawer . for a direct connection to square stand you need the usb drawer . that is part number vb554a-bl1616 ( amazon asin b00eummoks ) . that drawer comes with a usb cable that connects into the square stand usb hub . this drawer will still work with square and square stand of course but the only way for it to auto-open is via the star receipt printer connected to the drawer via cabel cd-014a
mark . i use square as well . this was used using the `` old '' system that does not use the usb hub . i believe this model uses the ethernet interface . no worries , if you have the printer that uses the ethernet cable you can still connect it . the square system connects one of two ways , the old way is through the printer wirelessly ( ethernet cable ) , the printer is then connected to the wifi connection via ethernet as well . the new method is through the square stand hub port . that system connects the printer , drawer and any other peripherals through usb cables into that hub . that hub is then connected to the router . i would recommend connecting using the old method , i use that method now and its great . i do n't have to buy new printers this way . hope it helps . mark . i use square as well . this was used using the `` old '' system that does not use the usb hub . i believe this model uses the ethernet interface . no worries , if you have the printer that uses the ethernet cable you can still connect it . the square system connects one of two ways , the old way is through the printer wirelessly ( ethernet cable ) , the printer is then connected to the wifi connection via ethernet as well . the new method is through the square stand hub port . that system connects the printer , drawer and any other peripherals through usb cables into that hub . that ... » read more mark . i use square as well . this was used using the `` old '' system that does not use the usb hub . i believe this model uses the ethernet interface . no worries , if you have the printer that uses the ethernet cable you can still connect it . the square system connects one of two ways , the old way is through the printer wirelessly ( ethernet cable ) , the printer is then connected to the wifi connection via ethernet as well . the new method is through the square stand hub port . that system connects the printer , drawer and any other peripherals through usb cables into that hub . that hub is then connected to the router . i would recommend connecting using the old method , i use that method now and its great . i do n't have to buy new printers this way . hope it helps . « show less
yes . the cash tray dose come out
no
we have several of these and they work very well . sound quality is great .
yes - on separate handsets and conf .
yes , link it to your own bluetooth headset just like you would to your mobile phone . you have to put your headset into discoverable mode .
hello , peter . in specific response to your specific question , i 've just done an in the field test w my identical shredder , obtained in march , on an empty 8.5x11 file folder ( yellow in color if that means anything , and i think it does not ) , and timed it at 7 seconds , i 'd say plus or minus 1. now , if you 're really grinding it , actually attempting 17 sheets or something , it is , of course , gon na slow down a tad . how long a tad is , i 'm not sure . overall , as a one person law office , i 'm quite happy with the item . make sure you do n't bust the can into which the shards fall , though . seems the item would n't work w o an exact fit , and that 's the can . just think when handling same out to the trash . do n't drop it . as it 's unsteady , watch where you set it . but overall , it 's a great product . i 'd do it again , w o question . hello , peter . in specific response to your specific question , i 've just done an in the field test w my identical shredder , obtained in march , on an empty 8.5x11 file folder ( yellow in color if that means anything , and i think it does not ) , and timed it at 7 seconds , i 'd say plus or minus 1. now , if you 're really grinding it , actually attempting 17 sheets or something , it is , of course , gon na slow down a tad . how long a tad is , i 'm not sure . overall , as a one person law office , i 'm quite happy with the item . make sure you do n't bust the can into which the shards fall , though ... . » read more hello , peter . in specific response to your specific question , i 've just done an in the field test w my identical shredder , obtained in march , on an empty 8.5x11 file folder ( yellow in color if that means anything , and i think it does not ) , and timed it at 7 seconds , i 'd say plus or minus 1. now , if you 're really grinding it , actually attempting 17 sheets or something , it is , of course , gon na slow down a tad . how long a tad is , i 'm not sure . overall , as a one person law office , i 'm quite happy with the item . make sure you do n't bust the can into which the shards fall , though . seems the item would n't work w o an exact fit , and that 's the can . just think when handling same out to the trash . do n't drop it . as it 's unsteady , watch where you set it . but overall , it 's a great product . i 'd do it again , w o question . « show less
i get shipments from amazon that have writing and barcodes on them ... i just rip the box apart and shred the cardboard ... i do this all the time and it handled it no problem . i just would n't double up pieces - only shred one at a time .
10 '' x 14.4 '' x 22.4 '' ( l x w x h ) , and it holds about six gallons . for the sake of perspective , i think a tall kitchen trash bag is 24 '' x 27 '' ( w x h ) .
absolutely , i also pushed the envelope to shred 48 pages at once just to see if it would . it did but i would n't recommend it .
i do n't see why they would n't , but i ca n't absolutely say they would . i have sent stickers through mine and have n't had any problems ; i hope that helps .
i bought oil just assuming i would need it , but do n't know for sure myself .
yes , your typical usb cable -- flat connector at one end , small rounded square at the other .
yes , the regular usb cable works fine on my printer . the cartridge information is on the box . 245 black 246 color . 245xl , 246xl for `` high capacity '' .
i has the same issue . i unplugged it & after it was replugged in it stopped . but every once in a while the yellow light starts blinking again . so far it has not effected the printer 's ability to work well . hope that helps .
yes you need a usb cord pluged in to your computor or lap top if you want to print from there you do n't need to be hooked up to anything if you want to make copies only hope this helps it is not a wireless printer '
this model does not have faxing built in . if your computer his a fax modem it will work with windows fax .
i do n't know specifically if this unit comes with ink ... about half of my printers do and the other hand do not ... you will need canon ink # 245 and 246
yes . fujitsu scansnap sv600 overhead scanner comes with the following items in the box : ac cable , ac adapter , usb cable , background pad , software installation dvd , limited 1-year warranty
it allows you to choose whether to save the scan as one or two pages .
it is movable without great difficulty , but it was not designed to be portable . it would be awkward to carry it around . it is a terrific scanner , especially for books and oddly shaped documents .
it is compatible with mac ... see http : scansnapcommunity.com features 9883-mac-support-for-the-scansnap-sv600-available-today for more info
it has a `` brick '' .
yes you can scan anything that fits in the parameters of the scanning area . i scan many of my kids odd shaped artwork from school . as far as alignment problems you really do not see it at all . the way the system looks at it is white or light object being scanned and dark black mat underneath . the scan program is intelligent enough to detect and accurately find the edges of the items being scanned . again i use this primarily to scan items that ca n't be scanned by my ix500 scanner .
17x12 is the largest book you can scan in one scan , but if each page is 17 inches wide , that would equal a total of 24 inches . so , yes , you can scan one page at a time , instead of two pages at a time , if that 's how your book is . hope that helps .
yes
yes . it comes with a usb 3.0 cord - which is nice because it allows this high speed scanner to push all of the data through the cord quickly . usb 3.0 is backwards compatible with usb 2.0 if you do not have a usb 3.0 port on your computer .
the ac adapter indicates input can be 100-240v 50-60hz . i am using this on 110v.hope this helps .
yes . there are other formats to which your can select your scanned image to as weell the set up of the scanning drivers and scanner management program did not load correctly from the disk , thus requiring technical call and assistance . tech assist was great , responsive , on point and quick . i was up and scanning in minutes after opening the box . the scanner is blazing fast and accurate . we are quite please thus far .
yes , most definitely . in fact , that is what is included with the scanner . a great example of all of the software available for that specific scanner is shown at http : www.fujitsu.com global support computing peripheral scanners drivers fi-7x60.html . enjoy ! this is a great scanner that i personally have setting on my desk - and have had for almost 10 years ( with new models of course ) !
yes - see full specifications on the fujitsu website if necessary . i 'm trying a link , but do n't know if they block them ... http : www.fujitsu.com us services computing peripherals scanners workgroup fi-7160.html
i have tried other inks but was not happy with them , ended up with a mess . this is one case where the recommended ink is best in my opinion .
sorry malika the 8720 does n't have a usb or memory card slot . but you could send your photos directly to the printer via wireless from a laptop or tablet . if you have a desktop computer as i have you simply plug your camera in and send the photos to any photo program ( i.e . photoshop ) or directly to the printer . hope this helps..
the heaviest we 've printed is 140 lb paper by strathmore . we also print greeting and post cards ; aside of drymounting photo paper to card stock ( whose photo quality absolutely ca n't be beat ) , the best paper we 've found for ip8720 direct printing is canson stamping cards ( beats strathmore 's inket offerings hands-down ; we found it on dick blick 's site ) . i do n't know if canson publishes this specific product 's weight , but it 's probably around ~110 lbs .
yes
short answer ... yes . just plug in via usb as with any other peripheral . usb 3 probably best . works perfectly for me .
i have a canon ip8720 printer . the software accommodates the following paper sizes ; a3 ( 11.7x16.5 ) , a3+ ( 13x19 ) , 10x12 , 14x17 ) , as well the usual standard sizes . hope this helps .
it will do 110 lb with no problems , so 80 lb should be no sweat .
the new hcfa forms are for the governments transition into the new icd-10 coding system that has been pushed out until 10 01 2015. it is my understanding that the old 08 05 is still to be used until then . the proper way is to type out form and mail in if you are not doing a edi transfer . my medical company has submitted to bc bs-anthem recently with old form as described and it was accepted . hope this helps . justin m.operations manager
i am not sure what office ally is , however if your software is set to version 02 12 then you should have no problem as all our forms are produced to the official standards
i use a program called http : www.ezclaim.com you fill in all the information into the patient record , enter the date of service and the charge , and then hit print . this program keeps your pt file , billing and chart notes . once payment is received , you enter the payment . it allows you to keep track of what 's paid and whats not , and reprint to rebill as needed . it is not an accounting software like quickbooks . but it is a full service billing program . makes my life easy . there are others out there , of those i 've tried , i 'm happy with this one .
yes , i use the ub.04 software . you can download it off of the internet . it is somewhat pricey , but it makes billing much simpler . there are many other programs out there that do the same thing , you might want to shop around to find the one that works best for your needs .
the form is standard - the printing on the back is more `` info '' than room to add codes billing services . i believe you can bill 6 codes services at a time for patients .
no , this is a 1-part laser hcfa form , and does not have a duplicate beneath the original .
it 's a little bit larger than the way you would typically sign but the signature fits inside the endorsement box without any problems . i use it quite often for that purpose .
the actual stamp size i got was 2.25 x .75 inches . i scanned my signature and they reproduced it perfectly . i see no reason why they could n't reproduce a signature plus id . but i 'd ask the vendor first , just to make sure .
the signature i want will read todd a. groseclose . you may contact me by email and i will reply to you with the signature if you are unable to use the one you now have . groseclose @ centurytel.net
it looks a like a felt tip .
hello , not sure what you are asking . i purchased some signature stamps for some doctors that needed them , they signed a piece of paper , i uploaded and attached the signature . then they sent them with the signed signature . you can probably get a typed one as well ? hope this helps you .
i have n't seen any ink smudges or ink border , just a crisp signature .
i do n't know . as i am not at my cottage . send this to me on monday and i can tell you . they were easy to set up and seem fine .
i do n't believe so .
no it don't.designed to sit on a flat surface .
donna , this is a cordless phone , unless you mean to the phone jack . the connection to a phone jack is more than adequate .
i could n't see any place to plug a headset.answer is no .
yes . the main base must be plugged into a phone jack and a wall outlet . the second just plugs into a wall outlet . both bases charge both phones which is nice if you wander downstairs with the upstairs phone .
not always . i have a macbook pro and one of the main reasons i got this printer is to use the full duplex scanning feature since i keep most of my documents in electronic format . i used to use the pdfscanner app with an epson printer . i love the pdfscanner app . it does not seem to work with this printer . i then started using the included hp software to use the scanner . i works for me about 40 % of the time . basically , i have to power cycle the printer a few times . then if that does n't work , i power cycle my laptop and eventually the hp software might be able to connect so that i can scan something ! i 've had no issue printing . i 've had lots of issues scanning . i 'm planning to return this printer for this very reason . not always . i have a macbook pro and one of the main reasons i got this printer is to use the full duplex scanning feature since i keep most of my documents in electronic format . i used to use the pdfscanner app with an epson printer . i love the pdfscanner app . it does not seem to work with this printer . i then started using the included hp software to use the scanner . i works for me about 40 % of the time . basically , i have to power cycle the printer a few times . then if that does n't work , i power cycle my laptop and eventually the hp software might be able to connect so that i can scan ... » read more not always . i have a macbook pro and one of the main reasons i got this printer is to use the full duplex scanning feature since i keep most of my documents in electronic format . i used to use the pdfscanner app with an epson printer . i love the pdfscanner app . it does not seem to work with this printer . i then started using the included hp software to use the scanner . i works for me about 40 % of the time . basically , i have to power cycle the printer a few times . then if that does n't work , i power cycle my laptop and eventually the hp software might be able to connect so that i can scan something ! i 've had no issue printing . i 've had lots of issues scanning . i 'm planning to return this printer for this very reason . « show less
joan , so i got this email from amazon asking if i could answer your question . i 'm just another user like you and all i can say is that i 'm using it with 65 lb paper and it works fine . i did n't know that they set a 110 lb limit on it and i 'll probably not have occasion to use that heavy of card stock . are you trying to print 2 sided printing ? if so , you may try just printing single side , then refeeding . that 's pretty heavy stock . good luck .
standard hp950 black does 1000 pages and standard hp951 color ( s ) do 700 pages . the xl versions hp950xl does 2300 pages and hp951xl does 1500 pages . so , the xl 's cost about 50 % more but provide at least twice the printing , and hence are a better buy . the standard or xl combined with this machine 's newer technology are much more economical than most of the older printer models , effectively reducing your expendable costs - the ink - by at least 50 % . this , alone justifies junking your current officejet even if it is working fine . plus the 8620 has eprint , wireless , and better resolutions and print speeds . what 's not to like ? standard hp950 black does 1000 pages and standard hp951 color ( s ) do 700 pages . the xl versions hp950xl does 2300 pages and hp951xl does 1500 pages . so , the xl 's cost about 50 % more but provide at least twice the printing , and hence are a better buy . the standard or xl combined with this machine 's newer technology are much more economical than most of the older printer models , effectively reducing your expendable costs - the ink - by at least 50 % . this , alone justifies junking your current officejet even if it is working fine . plus the 8620 has eprint , wireless , and better resolutions and ... » read more standard hp950 black does 1000 pages and standard hp951 color ( s ) do 700 pages . the xl versions hp950xl does 2300 pages and hp951xl does 1500 pages . so , the xl 's cost about 50 % more but provide at least twice the printing , and hence are a better buy . the standard or xl combined with this machine 's newer technology are much more economical than most of the older printer models , effectively reducing your expendable costs - the ink - by at least 50 % . this , alone justifies junking your current officejet even if it is working fine . plus the 8620 has eprint , wireless , and better resolutions and print speeds . what 's not to like ? « show less
hi ryan , i just tried scanning to google drive , so you have to press the apps button , then estorage app , then log in to google drive , press scan and confirm that you want it sent to google drive . all in all i say it took 90 seconds , it would probably be half the time if i did n't have to log in to google drive . hope this helps answer your question.best , jason
the office jet is not a photo printer like a photo jet . it does not have a separate photo black ink cartridge . however , i have printed some photos with it , and i was very satisfied with the results . if you want mainly a photo printer , buy a photo jet . if you want an excellent quality standard color printer and will occasionally print photos , i highly recommend this printer .
i just upgraded my 8600 plus to the 8620 today and have aleady noticed alot of little enhacements . the automatic document feeder is more reliable and handles larger loads . duplex printing is much faster . the output tray is less sticky and does n't jam as easily when you pull it out .
it measures about 12 1 2 '' high , 19 '' wide , 14 1 2 inches deep ( including the duplexing attachment that fastens in the back . also , the outfeed tray , fully extended , takes another 7 inches ( add to the 14 1 2 inch depth ) .
dimensions and weight19.7 x 18.5 x 15.7 in with duplexer and second 250-sheet paper trayinstalled , output tray folded up ; max : 19.7 x 25.5 x 15.7 in with duplexerand second 250-sheet paper tray installed , output tray folded upweight 26.24 lb with duplexer 28.62 lb with duplexer 35.01 lb with duplexer and second 250-sheet paper tray
i believe it wont , you have to pick what tray you want to print from using your preference before starting
i do n't know the answer when you 're printing full color , but when you print grey scale or b &w; , you can force the printer to use black only ( through the print options . )
the default seems to be to scan multiple pages as one document but you can change that in the advanced settings . so the answer is that you can scan either way .
you may be able to use the printer software to increase the black level . i found i could do that with other hp printers . i 'm thinking about ordering one of these to replace a 7 year old model giving me print head problems .
if you print envelopes a lot , like i do , i think it works well using the two-tray 8630 version . here 's how i did it . plain paper goes into tray two , envelopes in tray one ( only place they are supported ) . now , on the display choose your default tray as tray 2 and lock tray 1. this will make sure regular print jobs go to plain paper in tray 2 and if it runs out of paper the printer wo n't automatically pull from tray 1 ( that 's what tray lock means ) .now , via the web interface for the printer i told it that tray 2 has plain letter size paper , and tray 1 has my envelopes ( you specify size there ) . now , when i print an envelope it knows to pull from tray 1 and everything else goes to tray 2. on my mac i 've never had to tell it what tray to use , the printer just knows and pulls from the correct location . your mileage may vary , etc . if you print envelopes a lot , like i do , i think it works well using the two-tray 8630 version . here 's how i did it . plain paper goes into tray two , envelopes in tray one ( only place they are supported ) . now , on the display choose your default tray as tray 2 and lock tray 1. this will make sure regular print jobs go to plain paper in tray 2 and if it runs out of paper the printer wo n't automatically pull from tray 1 ( that 's what tray lock means ) .now , via the web interface for the printer i told it that tray 2 has plain letter size paper , and tray 1 has my envelopes ( you specify ... » read more if you print envelopes a lot , like i do , i think it works well using the two-tray 8630 version . here 's how i did it . plain paper goes into tray two , envelopes in tray one ( only place they are supported ) . now , on the display choose your default tray as tray 2 and lock tray 1. this will make sure regular print jobs go to plain paper in tray 2 and if it runs out of paper the printer wo n't automatically pull from tray 1 ( that 's what tray lock means ) .now , via the web interface for the printer i told it that tray 2 has plain letter size paper , and tray 1 has my envelopes ( you specify size there ) . now , when i print an envelope it knows to pull from tray 1 and everything else goes to tray 2. on my mac i 've never had to tell it what tray to use , the printer just knows and pulls from the correct location . your mileage may vary , etc . « show less
