expiration date ?
why is this saying it will not work in my hp business inkjet 1200 ?
who 's getting expired ink ?
what is the expiration for cartridge
is this ink still in date ? will it work in an hp inkjet 500 ?
do you have the ti-89 manual that was printed in 1998 and has 557 pages in new condition ?
is this the titanium or the original version ?
does it have a connector in the top for connection to ti-presenter ?
does the product need additional stuff to work such as power cord , cord to computer ?
is the calculator purple ?
are these cartridges in mylar packing ? do you have 30 of them ?
what are the expiration dates of either epson t007 or t009 cartridges ( oem only ) ?
is this genuine epson ink ?
does it work only with transparencies or also with normal book pages ?
where can i buy parts for this overhead projector ?
is it possible to enlargen & make objects designs with the projector ? i do crafts and the size is n't allways the same ?
overhead projector : must use only transparencies or can i use pictures and books ?
is it easy to use ?
does it do trig
if i had to replace the battery , what is the battery called ?
can it do math with complex numbers ?
how to specify i need 11x17 tray feed . monochrome only , new toner cartridge ?
will this print on transparencies for screen printing ( heavy opaque black )
can it print color ?
is the first toner included or must i buy it separately ?
is this an 11x17 printer ?
do the laser jet 5000n work well with transfer paper ?
this printer will work with windows 7 ?
is the software in order to install the driver included with the printer ?
are these archival safe for scrapbooking ?
can these be ran through laser printers , or are they strictly for ink jet printers ?
are they water proof ? does the ink run when wet ? would it make a good label on a water bottle or beer bottle ?
would this be suitable as a wall sticker ?
is this label preforated
how many roles to a box
are these labels too small to use for amazon fba product labels ?
are the labels glossy or matte ?
do these labels print skus barcodes ?
will this printer work with windows 8.1
hey that work with windows 7 ?
will this work with windows xp
what grade paper do you have to use ?
where can i buy a user manual for the panasonic kx-fhd331 plain paper fax ?
can you tell me if there is a space inside to hold a small calculator ?
will an ipad mini fit inside it ?
how many rings are there ?
is there an incline to the storage section ?
can you put it inside a drawer ?
is this good to hold makeup pallets ?
does this sit flat on a table ?
can you stand this up and have the files work horizontally ?
is this pretty sturdy ?
i am looking at the image , and it looks like you might be able to remove some of the seperators . is that possible ?
how wide are the individual slots ?
would this work good for 3 inch 3 ring binders ?
can this be used with a laser printer ?
whats the point size ?
what 's the weight of these cardstock ?
do these cards have the perforated edges that are the easy tear apart kind of thing or do they need to be cut ?
i have hp ink jet printer when i feed the first page through it comes out blank and i have to re-feed in order for it to print , any ideas why ?
are they top loading ?
are these the shiny glossy sheets or are they more of a matte finish with any texture or cloudiness on them ?
do you think it will protect a thin single paper ?
can one fit a thick magazine in ? is it mylar ?
is there a backing paper in each protector ?
how do i find protective sheets for 2 '' x 2 '' photo slides ?
could i use a dry erase maker on these ?
will this actually fit an 8 '' x11 '' size paper or is some of the size taken up in the binder holes ?
are these suitable for photographs ?
how many sets in a box ?
are they 11 pt manila ?
for 5 dividers set , how many sets are in the oxford manila tab dividers , blank , write on - 5 tab ( m1158 ) ( office product ) ?
are these heavier weight , like manila folders and not copy paper weight ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
does this include the papers that fit inside for labeling ?
does anyone know how to attach these to a hanging folder ?
are these the reversaflex moulded tabs
will they fit pendaflex 's letter and legal size hanging folders ?
so what is the total number of tabs i will receive ? is it 25 ? or is it 25 ( as listed 25 per pack ) x 25 ( as stated in title pack of 25 ) = 625 ?
are they 1 3 cut or 1 5 cut tabs ?
what years are listed on the stickers ?
how many pages will it hold ?
is this the compact size ?
are there 6 ring binders inside ?
is this a 5in binder ?
does it come with the 2013 sticker ?
about the rings inside : i have a classic 7 ring leather binder . this holder has only 6 rings ? does that work for the 7 ring planners ?
we currently have a okidata 320 turbo tractor feed printer . this says it is the newer one . does it print faster and is it compatiable ?
i currently have a okidata 420 microline 9 pin printer , and need to replace it . is just the 420 microline the same ?
does this printer have a tractor feed supplied with it ? is it adjustable to different widths , such as for narrow badges ?
usb connectivity ?
is this printer wireless
my rail will not hold anything . is there supposed to be something on the inside of the track to hold things ?
how much weight will this hold ?
can you release or add one paper when there are other papers already inserted ? do they release and hang efficiently if they differ in thickness ?
is the strip magnetic ?
what 's the actual length of the 48 '' grip-a-strip ( from one end of black cap to the other ) ? i have the 12 '' version , and it measures 13 '' . i did n't know if all versions are just an extra 1 '' in length . what 's the actual length of the 48 '' grip-a-strip ( from one end of black cap to the other ) ? i have the 12 '' version , and it measures 13 '' . i did n't know if all versions are ... » read more what 's the actual length of the 48 '' grip-a-strip ( from one end of black cap to the other ) ? i have the 12 '' version , and it measures 13 '' . i did n't know if all versions are just an extra 1 '' in length . « show less
is it possible to place a new sheet of paper over an existing sheet or must you remove the existing sheet first ?
will it hold different thicknesses of papers , say typing paper and light card stock ?
dumb question , how do you `` release '' a piece of paper after inserting ?
after the mounting hardware , is it exactly 48 '' or wider ?
is this effective on carpet ?
what is the height ?
should this be fixed with screws or is it adhesive ?
can this be used instead of the spring-type doorstop that goes on a wall to keep the door from hitting the wall ?
is it hard wired and analog or a voip phone
how do you store numbers and how do you recall them ?
when a caller is placed on hold , do they hear silence or music ?
how many phone numbers can it store ?
does this phone have fax capability , a fax port ?
will this phone function without a power supply ( that is , just plugged into the phone jack ) or do some functions require ac power source ?
can i transfer incoming calls between units extensions ?
can i add a plantronics wireless headset ?
can this phone be used in europe , i want to send it to spain ?
does it have `` end of roll '' markings on the paper to warn you when the roll is almost out of paper ?
what is ncr thermal receipt paper ? does it give a double receipt ?
what is the outside diameter ?
what is the core size..what products are it compatible with
dimentions ?
will it come with usb ? can i use usb ?
does it come with keys ?
does the small basket get in the way when you are pulling the basket behind you ? does it bump up against you ?
i 'm looking at something to haul gear at lacrosse tournements . things like quad chairs , shade umbrellas , etc . is this going to be sturdy enough ?
i am trying to look for the best walking cart , would this shopping cart be good to walk a long distance with on slightly ruff roads ?
does this cart handle well over bad sidewalks and roads ?
does the second basket hold enough so a frail elderly woman wo n't have to bend too far ?
are there non-black liners that work with this cart . if so , how do i order them ?
do front wheels pivot ?
how tall is this when opened up ? how far off the ground is the handle when it 's open ?
how are the wheels ? i had the plastic wheels of a cart split while going over a curb . will these wheels withstand curbs , steps , without breaking ?
i want to know if the wheels and axels will hold up on rough surfaces . sidewalk cracks , paving stones , and occasionally short distances on unpaved gravel walkways . is their any warranty on the parts ?
compare with i-83
is there a backspace key ?
can this be used for algebra through calculus in high school ?
does cd dvd come with ti-smartview software to connect the calculator to a computer ?
i just purchased this calculator for and want to know if it 's black or yellow ?
hey ! i want to buy this calculator but i wan na know the color of it . can someone please help me ?
did everyone get the yellow teachers version of the calculator ?
length of wall cord
what is the length of the coiled phone cord and the cable line ?
is this made of plastic or metal ?
does this phone have a speaker phone feature ?
what is the ren number of this phone ?
does the cord only come on the left side ?
can you hook up a caller id to the crosley cr60- kettle phone ?
how bright is the red color ?
is the handset have volume control ?
is this product `` paper thin '' ?
does this come in the box with the squeegee and cover liner ?
is this archival ?
can this product be used to mount fabric ?
could i use this adhesive for face mounting ?
can this be applied to a large mirror ?
does the hp 10bii+ financial calculator come with a user 's guide ?
is this a better choice than the texas instruments baii plus ?
what are the physical dimensions of hp 10bll ?
how many instructional cds dvds come with this hp 10bii+ financial calculator ? if so , what is the viewing time of the cd dvds and were they hopeful ?
can this scan legal size paper ?
how do i scan to pdf ?
can it scan tabloid ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
does this product covers international warranty ?
does this pen come with ink catridge for first time use ? should i buy the ink refills when buying the pen ?
what is the yellow part that appears on the product 's picture ? is it removable ?
what color is the nib ?
after using the blue ink , would there be a problem if i change the color to black ?
why did my pen begin skipping and not writing at all ? i put in a new cartridge and same thing . if nib is clogged , how do i clean it ?
converter vs cartridge ? what is a converter vs cartridge ? do i just refill w a needle from an ink bottle ?
where is the pen made ?
how `` fine '' is the fine tip ? how does it compare to the other lamy tip widths ( extra-fine , medium ) ?
does this printer have the optional network port ?
how many pages has it run ?
will this fit my hp laser jet 1320
this toner is cheaper than its newer version in black box . is there any difference in quality ? will this one work just as well ?
i need one , can u tell be the `` use before '' date ?
does this cartridge comes in its original sealed hp box ?
i need a wireless printer . is this wireless ?
does it have an envelope tray ?
what kind of a plug in does it require the one i have did not come with one
dumb question : does the 4 x 6 measurement include the tabs ? i.e. , would the tab portion be higher than a 4x6 photo or index card ?
are these actual folders or just dividers ?
are these cards acid free ?
are these dividers the same paper thickness weight as regular manila file folders or thicker or thiner ? also is the tab at the top about 2 '' in length ?
has anyone successfully used these for legal size files ?
what is the minimum depth .
my file drawers are 12 1 4 '' wide and 9 3 8 '' deep . will this frame work ?
will this fit in a drawer that is 16 '' deep ?
what is the width of the plastic frame ?
what is the absolute widest dimension of that plastic frame , is it truly 12 1 2 ?
how many come in a box ?
is this printer compatable with apple mavericks operating system .
how do you stop or cancel a print job ?
quality of the print i am shopping for an affordable high quality printer that i can use to print out resume and cover letters for job applications . i need a machine that will deliever a presentable prints . do any of you who have used this product think this will suffice my intended usage ? quality of the print i am shopping for an affordable high quality printer that i can use to print out resume and cover letters for job applications . i need a machine that will deliever a ... » read more quality of the print i am shopping for an affordable high quality printer that i can use to print out resume and cover letters for job applications . i need a machine that will deliever a presentable prints . do any of you who have used this product think this will suffice my intended usage ? « show less
what does the seller mean by the statement `` printer power and ethernet only '' ? is it or is it not a complete printer ? does this refer to the cords ?
is there any way to print wirelessly ?
cursor control is a top concern for me . how well does it work for you ?
will the signal go thru the wall if the reciver is in the attic and mouse in the living room .
does this work with most mac pc systems in 2014 ?
does it have the manual ?
does it have the manual ?
how many extension can i get with this system ?
does this handle a t1 card ?
can a telephone on this system be programmed to dial only specific phone numbers ?
how many phone stations can be plugged directly into this box ?
which version of firmware and year of manufacture ?
would this system be able to prompt callers with a menu , and some of those menu options direct to a prerecorded message and others to the phones ?
paper weight can this scanner be used with a heavy weight paper ?
does the scanner software work on macs ? just am interested to know if the software functions for both osx and windows ? i have a mac here and do n't want to purchase if the software does n't work . does the scanner software work on macs ? just am interested to know if the software functions for both osx and windows ? i have a mac here and do n't want to purchase if the software does n't ... » read more does the scanner software work on macs ? just am interested to know if the software functions for both osx and windows ? i have a mac here and do n't want to purchase if the software does n't work . « show less
does this system work with mac ?
does it scan a driver license ?
is there an ongoing monthly fee to use these scanners ?
can this be used with a laptop ?
thermal paper does this product scan thermal paper receipts well ?
the amazon unit is listed as `` label manager 450 '' . on the dymo web site it is listed as `` label manager 450d '' . what is difference ?
does this have an automatic ( electric ) cutter ?
will this model print bar code labels if using a program on your computer ?
i want to use this indoors . to be precise in the shower . does it smell ? can you walk barefoot on it ?
does the mat hold its shape under weight or does it compress ?
do they have straight edge or beveled edge ? what is waite time for mats says 1 left ?
what is the thickness and does it have holes and does it absorb the water ?
i need a mat for my husband 's study . we have manufactured hardwood floors , rolling chair hard on it . if seated in his desk chair , could he roll move ?
would these be suitable for walking on barefoot and would they hold up to being in an under water application ?
is there a glue brush attached to the lid , like in the `` olden days '' ?
is this the same as the rubber cement used in plugging car tires ?
is this glue the same as coupons sent in the mail , which the glue can be removed by simply rolling it off ?
what is the drying time ?
is it good for shoe repairs ?
i am putting new golf grips on my golf clubs and have been told that rubber cement holds great and cleans up easily . is this true ?
why does this model ( from what i 've seen ) experience frequent carriage jam issues ?
where do i load 4x6 photo paper ?
can i use printer from ipad ? do n't have computer
does this printer had a hard drive that needs to be scrubbed upon disposal of the printer ?
what is the ink cartidge does this printer use
does this printer work with a laptop and if so what port cords does it use
is this item windows 7 compatible ?
6310 - black line only when using the auto loader has anyone else had the problem when a thin black line appears on any document picture that is scanned in via the autoloader on top ? if i place anything directly on the scanner , it comes out fine.just wondering if anyone has had the problem and how they have fixed it . 6310 - black line only when using the auto loader has anyone else had the problem when a thin black line appears on any document picture that is scanned in via the autoloader on top ? if ... » read more 6310 - black line only when using the auto loader has anyone else had the problem when a thin black line appears on any document picture that is scanned in via the autoloader on top ? if i place anything directly on the scanner , it comes out fine.just wondering if anyone has had the problem and how they have fixed it . « show less
what ink cartridge and model number does this printer need ?
does this pack come with the pattern book ?
are these blocks compatible with the learning resources pattern cards that are sold in another set ?
what shapes are included ?
where are these pattern blocks made ?
does anyone know where these are made ?
what is the differance between the kx-tg4500 and the kx-tg4500b ?
how long of a range does this phone have ?
does the tg4500b have a night mode ?
how to change the settings on the cordless handset
in order to use the cordless , do you need the base ?
do all hp 12c calculators have cash flow analysis ?
does this product come with the carrying case ?
does this one have a black keyboard background or a silver one on what is delivered by amazon ?
the model displayed here is it the hp cpae ? and , does it have the same great manual as the 12c ?
does this the one-battery version ?
description says `` product dimensions : 24 x 13.2 x 27.5 inches '' . which dimension is the length ?
what 's the dimensions ?
what is the height from the floor to the bottom of the file section .
approximately how many hanging file folders will this hold ?
do the wheels lock ?
what is the total height of this ?
two questions ... what are the casters made of ? and do the hanging file folders move smoothly ?
can you tell me if the height of 27.5 includes the casters ?
i want to use it as storage not for hanging files ... does the top section have a base ?
installation
my bars are just hollow and the screws have nothing to screw into ... am i missing something ?
is there room to add a label anywhere ?
do the trays slide in and out ?
would this be a good size to mail dvds in cases ? how long to received in ny ?
can you hand write mailing addresses on the envelop itself ?
just confirming 100 come in a case ?
can this envelope handle a 6 x 9 x 1 book ?
where is this made ?
will this sharpen the fat crayons and the triangular crayons ?
i have a 1 centimeter diameter pencil - is the hole on this sharpener large enough ?
will this sharpen crayola large crayons ?
will this sharpen eye makeup pencils that are 1 2 inch in diameter ?
is the side table adjustable to be placed on the right side of the desk ( as opposed to left side as shown )
how far does the desk tilt ? will it tilt any farther down ? is it a comfortable tilt say if i had a book on it reading and sitting in my recliner
are you happy with the build quality and sturdiness of the product ?
how sturdy is the table ? does it go up down easily and hold it in a position ?
does the little side table tilt too ?
do the wheels lock ?
will it go low enough to fit under a 29 inch desk ?
hoy does the hp50g ranking as a financial calculator ?
i recently bought one of these , but it came without the pouch , is it normal ?
how do you setup the connectivity software
has anyone been able to check it for software firmware updates via the hp connectivity software on either a win7 or win8 computer ?
programmable ?
does anyone know if there is compatibility with hp41c programs ?
hp 50g or ti89 i 'm an engineering student looking at buying one of these 2 calculators . i 've been using a ti83 , and one of my professors strongly recommended getting a ti 89 ( or similar ) for my more advanced classes . i 've got no problem learning rpn , but i 've only fiddled around with it a little on a basic scientific calculator . one of the things i love on my ti83 is that i can have the calculator retype for me a calculation i just used in case i need to change something , like adding parenthesis , or changing plus to minus so i do n't have to retype the entire quadratic formula , etc . i ca n't see how this would work in rpn . any thoughts ? hp 50g or ti89 i 'm an engineering student looking at buying one of these 2 calculators . i 've been using a ti83 , and one of my professors strongly recommended getting a ti 89 ( or similar ) ... » read more hp 50g or ti89 i 'm an engineering student looking at buying one of these 2 calculators . i 've been using a ti83 , and one of my professors strongly recommended getting a ti 89 ( or similar ) for my more advanced classes . i 've got no problem learning rpn , but i 've only fiddled around with it a little on a basic scientific calculator . one of the things i love on my ti83 is that i can have the calculator retype for me a calculation i just used in case i need to change something , like adding parenthesis , or changing plus to minus so i do n't have to retype the entire quadratic formula , etc . i ca n't see how this would work in rpn . any thoughts ? « show less
my old hp 48 has a `` swap '' button to swap a value in the stack . does the new hp 50 contain the same `` swap '' button ?
can you use two phones at once on the same skype account ? and , can you use a skype usb phone at the same time ?
wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it could not be used at starbucks via t-mobile ? wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it ... » read more wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it could not be used at starbucks via t-mobile ? « show less
question about use ? i am going to be studying abroad in spain next year and would like a cheap and affordable way to speak to my friends and family back home . a skype phone sounds like a great option so that i can sit in a cafe or other hotspot and chat away . however , i have recently read that many of these phones do not work on public wireless networks such those found in a cafe because of something called `` browser authentification ? '' does anyone know if this one will have the option to talk in public wifi zones ? i do not know much about this ... . but do you think this would be a good option for me ?
how long does this take to dry ? i 've mixed it 50 50 and applied it . what now ?
will this work on porcelain tub ?
can this be used to repair a crack in a fiberglass shower stall floor ?
could this temporarily fix a sliding glass door ?
will this work on plastic
will this work to glue together a broken resin statue
i 'm looking to sell a few things on ebay . how many shirts on average can be fit inside ? as well , how many paperback books ?
what is the thickness of your mailers ?
what is the weight per bag ?
is there any issues with avery labels sticking to these ?
how well would these protect things like books ?
is the area where items go 9x12 ? meaning , is the flap add extra length ?
are these bubble mailers ? padded ?
the thickness or mil of the plastic ? is it 2 mil or 2.4 or ?
do these have the bubbles in them ?
how many bags per order ? $ 14.09 ?
when reading about the size 14.5x19 ... ... ..further on under product dimensions it says : 14.9 x 10.9 x 1.2 inches . is this the size of the product you mail the bags in ?
how are these for holding documents ?
what are the inside dimensions of the bags for flat documents ?
are these expandable ?
i have a pixma 810 and i 've used it to view slides i 'm told that it is not compatible with my newer hp computer with with windows 8.can anyone help ?
can you scan negatives ?
can you scan slides
do these have an adhesive on the back that allows the pouch to be stuck to flat surfaces ?
do these need to be used with a laminating machine ? or are they self-seal ?
i 'd like to use these pouches as large nametags . can theybe punched so a nametag clip can be used ? if not , do you sell punched 4x6 pouches ?
could you use these for outdoor plant signage ?
if i order this item will i received universal brand pouches or will they be an equivalent made by another manufacturer ?
never used one of these laminating machines before . if i have a larger pouch , do i trim it prior to laminating ? after laminating ? or not at all ?
can i use an iron to seal these pouches ?
what is the thickness of these pouches ?
does this have wireless networking ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
can i use this to print over regular labels or need to be thermal paper label ?
can you use other labels to print on other than brother ?
anyone get this to print with endicia for mac ?
i want to set this frame on my desktop to file as i go throughout each day . would that work or does this have to go inside the file cabinet ?
my drawer is 17 x 20 x 10 tall . do you think this will work ?
will the frame fit a drawer that is 13 inches wide ?
does it fit 15 '' length drawer ?
my drawer is 93 8 inch deep . will this work ?
it says `` 2 count '' , does that mean two as in front and back , or does it come as a set of two as in , two whole sets are in a package for two drawers ?
my drawer is 21.25 '' deep . can i just cut the upper rack to fit ?
how many are in a box ?
do they stick to plastic bags ?
how many in box
are they easily removable ?
do these labels fit the vintage tupperware freezer label dispenser ?
is it better than fx 4500 pa pv ?
is this new ? is it in japanese letters or english ?
does it come with a manual explaining how to program it ?
does the brass peel off ?
what does the ring sound like ?
are there cordless french phones
does the phone require a phone jack outlet or just an electric plug ?
does this read out to the hundredths of a pound , or just tenths of a pound ?
does this scale allow you to `` zero out '' with a bucket or other container and then weigh product pured into that container ?
what size of platform ?
where is the scale made ?
dimensions of the platform ?
my dymo discpainter is periodically dragging and smearing the ink on the disc . is it fixable or should i try and find another one ?
i have a dymo and it does not work with windows 7 it needs 32 bits how do i get it working ?
i have a dymo and it does not work with windows 7 it needs 32 bits how do i get it working ?
dymo discpainter . how can it be great and horrible at the same time ? i need good quality but ca n't afford much on a teacher 's salary . help ... please ? discpainter cd dvd printer dymo discpainter . how can it be great and horrible at the same time ? i need good quality but ca n't afford much on a ... » read more dymo discpainter . how can it be great and horrible at the same time ? i need good quality but ca n't afford much on a teacher 's salary . help ... please ?
ink cartridge need a compatible version out there ? ( scottg ) i 'm laying down 90 % color on each disc at the best , high , gloss setting on each , and i 've been getting over 180 cd dvd 's from one ink cartridge . this is well above the estimate of 100 as published . i just need to figure out how to refill the ink cartridge , and soon . ( scottg ) i 'm laying down 90 % color on each disc at the best , high , gloss setting on each , and i 've been getting over 180 cd dvd 's ... » read more ink cartridge need a compatible version out there ? ( scottg ) i 'm laying down 90 % color on each disc at the best , high , gloss setting on each , and i 've been getting over 180 cd dvd 's from one ink cartridge . this is well above the estimate of 100 as published . i just need to figure out how to refill the ink cartridge , and soon .
do these cartridges come with ink ?
does it work for mfc-845cw ?
do these work with the 440-cn ?
compatible for brother mfc-j470dw ?
are these full size cartridges or are they like the tester cartridges ?
when i used the ink cartridges the printer keeps reading empty , so i tried another one and the same result .
will it work on a brother mfc-3360c model ?
are thye full size or tester size ?
does it lock in the open position ?
i have a desk made of particle board . is there any issue mounting this in that kind of structure ?
would like to use this as a `` laptop tray '' to put laptop at comfortable level . need about 10-12 inches of clear depth for laptop . does shelf do that ?
what material is this tray made out of ? how sturdy is it ?
how far does it drop down or lower the keyboard from the bottom of the desk ?
is the height adjustable ?
does this have a wrist rest ?
what is the overall width including any hardware ?
can this be hung on the wall ? that is , stick to the wall without the magnet ?
how do set this up ?
does this board have a hook so that i may hang it up with command strips ?
whiteboard
does this have wireless by chance ? or can i install wireless ability some how ?
scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that came with the printer , but where is says `` safe to file '' they do n't have pdf option for some reasons . according to manual , it should be there , but it 's not.. does anyone have the same problem ? what is your experience with scanning to pdf with this machine ? scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that ... » read more scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that came with the printer , but where is says `` safe to file '' they do n't have pdf option for some reasons . according to manual , it should be there , but it 's not.. does anyone have the same problem ? what is your experience with scanning to pdf with this machine ? « show less
will the hp 56 cartridge work with the f4180 ? note : i 'm not asking `` is it optimal , '' i 'm asking : will the printer print with it ? will a 56 cartridge damage the printer ? has it worked for you ? does anyone know why hp says that the two are not compatible ? ( besides profit maximization , presumably ! ) will the hp 56 cartridge work with the f4180 ? note : i 'm not asking `` is it optimal , '' i 'm asking : will the printer print with it ? will a 56 cartridge damage the printer ? has it ... » read more will the hp 56 cartridge work with the f4180 ? note : i 'm not asking `` is it optimal , '' i 'm asking : will the printer print with it ? will a 56 cartridge damage the printer ? has it worked for you ? does anyone know why hp says that the two are not compatible ? ( besides profit maximization , presumably ! ) « show less
is this wireless ?
how many keys come with this ?
what are the dimensions ?
can you say if this cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in ? sparco money tray , with locking cover , 16 x 11 x 2-1 4 inches , black ( spr15505 ) can you say if this cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in ? sparco money tray , with locking cover , 16 x 11 x 2-1 4 inches , black ... » read more can you say if this cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in ?
does the coin tray removable ?
does this item have a lock and key ?
how can you place calls ?
does this work for an iphone 5 ?
what else does this come with ? charger ? or case for sun visor ?
can i listen music trough this bluetooth if is paired with my phone ? or is only to receive and make calls ?
does this device support voice dialing or would i have to manually select who i want to call ?
how can you place calls ?
how do i now when it is fully charged
does the displays shows the caller number ?
hi is there any other way to charge this item car lighter not working ?
when the results are 5.50 , will the calculator display this or 5.5 ?
must you use batteries ?
does the calculator have a cover to it ?
will this fit in a men 's wallet ?
if the batteries die the calculator does not work correct so what good is the solar power
are the keys hard plastic or more of a rubbery type key ?
is it plastic or stainless steel like the sl 300ve ?
what number batteries does it use
can the casio sl-300sv store and retain two numerical constants , e.g. , 0.2628 and .36 , for repeated use ?
mx700 compatible
are the cartrideges clear to see the amount of ink in them
is this genuine canon brand ?
wil this ink work for a canon pixma pro 9000 model ?
is this compatable with the canon 610 printer ?
using adf to scan photos i 'm looking for a solution to scan all my pre-digital era photos . has anyone used the adf functionality to scan stacks of photos ?
two fax machines on one phone line ? does anyone know if i can send receive faxes on the mx700 if i hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine ? it is a dedicated fax line and not used for phones . two fax machines on one phone line ? does anyone know if i can send receive faxes on the mx700 if i hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine ? it is ... » read more two fax machines on one phone line ? does anyone know if i can send receive faxes on the mx700 if i hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine ? it is a dedicated fax line and not used for phones . « show less
ink for canon printer mx700 does anyone know why in a pack of canon ink # 8 there are the three color inks and a # 5 black , which all fit in mx700 printer , but also a # 8 black that does n't go anywhere ? ink for canon printer mx700 does anyone know why in a pack of canon ink # 8 there are the three color inks and a # 5 black , which all fit in mx700 printer , but also a # 8 black that does n't go ... » read more ink for canon printer mx700 does anyone know why in a pack of canon ink # 8 there are the three color inks and a # 5 black , which all fit in mx700 printer , but also a # 8 black that does n't go anywhere ? « show less
anyone having problems with the fax picking up voice calls ? my wife is reporting that the fax is picking up voice calls . our setup is our primary phone is plugged into the back of the printer , which is plugged into our vonage adapter . then again , the canon documentation for this printer is below average.the primary phone is the base for all other phones in the house . i may try running a separate lead to the phone base by using a splitter , but i would n't think that should matter.any advice ? is it the voip vonage line that is throwing this off ?
possible canon mx 700 ink cartridge drying out i am considering a cannon mx 700 all-in-one . i am concerned with early ink cartitdge dryout and excessive consumption of ink based on my present canon injet printer . with the cannon injet printer i presently have ( cannon i470d ) , if i go on a trip or otherwise do not use the printer for a few weeks ( sometimes in as little as three or four weeks ) the installed ink carttidges dry out and have to be replaced before i can print . thus , the cost is prohibitive , and i can never keep enough ink . also , the output per cartridge in the canon i470 is very low -- usually as few as 10 or 12 4x6 photographs before having to replace the cartridges . help please . will i experience these problems with the mx 700 ? possible canon mx 700 ink cartridge drying out i am considering a cannon mx 700 all-in-one . i am concerned with early ink cartitdge dryout and excessive consumption of ink based on my present ... » read more possible canon mx 700 ink cartridge drying out i am considering a cannon mx 700 all-in-one . i am concerned with early ink cartitdge dryout and excessive consumption of ink based on my present canon injet printer . with the cannon injet printer i presently have ( cannon i470d ) , if i go on a trip or otherwise do not use the printer for a few weeks ( sometimes in as little as three or four weeks ) the installed ink carttidges dry out and have to be replaced before i can print . thus , the cost is prohibitive , and i can never keep enough ink . also , the output per cartridge in the canon i470 is very low -- usually as few as 10 or 12 4x6 photographs before having to replace the cartridges . help please . will i experience these problems with the mx 700 ? « show less
can you hear the keypad tones when you are dialing ?
is it wall mountable ?
speed dial and memory
can this phone be mounted on the wall ?
does it have call waiting ability ?
does it have a bell for a ringer in it , or an electronic tweeter ?
i purchased it and plugged it in and it does n't work . cords are in securely . anyone have an idea ?
is this keypad illuminated better than att 210 phone
i want to print ingredient labels for hand make goat milk soaps . is this possible .
can i use thi printer for jewelry tags and do you sell the tags ?
is the power supply internal or external - i want to see about operating in 220vac - if you know the input voltage ( e.g . 20vdc at 1.6 amp ) lmk ! thnx !
i am looking for an afforadable way to print black and white labels for my products i sell at farmers markets . would this be a good choice ?
does it uses a simple 110vac wire cord or an external voltage adapter ( wall wart ) ?
can the ql-570 label printer do fba labels for amazon ?
can i print a receipt using excel on this ql570 printer ?
could i put my company name and info instead of library of ?
can i change `` from the library of '' to `` ex libris '' ?
can i order additional plates , or just one per embosser ?
can this be stuck to the wall without causing any damage to the wall itself ?
is this an actual board or is it just a dry erase paper ?
does this phone have cisco or polycom software ?
is it eligible for smartnet coverage ?
i do not have a phone line , can this speaker work over wifi or internet ? does it meet to be connected to my macbook and how ?
what does the phone come with ? power supply etc ... ?
do these phones have any kind of warranty ?
does it include the power supply ?
what specifically do i need to buy to power this ? can you suggest a specific one ? what else do i need to buy for it to work ? phone line ? ip address ?
is the phone complete ? with the 2 microphones ?
can any paper work
will it work with tops form 1252 ?
will this time clock track 24 hour shifts ?
we use a peel and stick time card 3 part will these work with this time clock ?
how easy is it to see the time card through the smoky plastic 'window ' ?
can this time clock attach to a wall or is it only table top ?
what type of time cards are needed ?
is this device supported on windows 7 , or 8.1 ?
must the object you are scanning be no farther away from the computer than the length of the usb cable ?
is this bluetooth ? will it work with my android galaxy note 2 phone ? will it work with the scanpower softward ?
would this device replace a normal scanner at say a cash register using a normal pos software and a windows 7 or xp operating connecting it by usb ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
does it come with charger and batteries ?
does this handset work with the kx-tga931s base unit ?
can you set it to forward calls ?
does the hand set come with base charger ?
can this handset be wall mounted ?
i have the 2-line panasonic ( model kx-tg9322 ) base but do n't need 2-lines for extension handsets . will this extension ( kx-tg930t ) work with my base ?
does this have to be plugged into a jack ? is it wireless ?
i have a base kx-tg9331t with handsets kx-tga931t , will this work with the base i have ?
i just want to be sure that this will work with my kx-tga939t . can you tell me if it does ?
will this work on my kx-tg9331t ?
does this work with the kx-tg931t ?
have a panahave a sonic kx-tga93it set and want to add . does this model also have an a plug-in cord as mine do ? mine do ?
does this handset work with the kx tg9391 phone ?
does the headset come with the small charger stand ?
are the handset keys backlit ?
are they perforated ?
will i be able to print a picture on one side ?
are these specially coated for use only with inkjet printers ?
are these customizable to whatever you want to make using these cards ? or do they already have the `` place postage here '' spot ?
are they comparable to regular index cards , or thinner ?
what is the inside dimension of the product ?
the picture shows the laptop resting or hooked to something putting it at an angle . does this come with the stand ?
are the sorter & accessory tray attached , or can they be moved removed ?
i see that some pictures of this model have a turntable for the monitor to sit on . does this come with the stand on this version ?
is the lead erasable ?
what mm is the lead size ?
0.7mm
does the pencil have an eraser ?
exactly how do you change the leads ? do you have to take a lead out to put in the next one ?
how many sets of leads do you get with the pencil ?
what colors ( specific lead refill names ) are included with this set ?
how do you add more lead ?
how do you replace leads in a dr grip center of gravity pencil ?
is this a shaky pencil ( when you shake it does the lead come out ) ?
do i need a lip on my desk for this stand to work , i have a corner desk and the lip is not where i want to put my monitors , i have the wire holes
can the monitor arms be mounted at different heights on the pole to adjust height between two different monitors ?
what is the height of the vertical bar from the bottom of the stand ?
can this stand be wall mounted ?
what is the length , height , and width of two 24 inch monitors on this stand ?
i have two 20 '' monitors i 'd like to use this with . approx . how much room will i have from the top of the desk to the bottom of the monitors ?
can two arms be arranged between 90 degree and 180 degree angle ?
assembly how do you attach monitor to this stand ? my monitors do not have holes in the back , anybody ?
what is the size
want to know the sizethe size of the book ?
can you replace pages ?
how sturdy are the tabbed letters on this address book ? are they laminated or just plain paper ?
does this kit include the software needed to prepare the forms ?
how many people ( not forms ) does a package of 24 cover ? i know there are copies b , c etc so i do n't know if 24 forms is just for 8 people ?
are these 2013 forms ?
can these forms work with the inkjet printer ?
are these forms 2013 ?
i need 1099 for tax year 2014 - are these for 2014 ?
are these forms compatible with quickbooks ?
what is the height underneath the shelf and what is the length between the feet ?
how many inches is it between the risers .
can you remove the back lip ?
what is the real surface depth ? i have a laptop that is about 12.5 inches deep . will it fit on the surface ?
will it support a 27 `` monitor safely ?
how far apart are the two legs ? how much room do i have to set something between them ?
how long do the base of the legs measure ? i ca n't tell from the photo whether they match the 12 inches of the shelf or ar somewhat shorter .
can you remove the dividers ?
can you use this one for the bed desk ?
can this item be used outside ?
i was suprised to find that the `` slot '' opening was on the 12 '' side and not the 10 '' side , different than it appears in the photo . is this standard ?
is this weather resistant
outdoor florida ?
is this mountable
how many keys come with the box . if only one , can we order several more.. ?
how wide is the slot ?
does this come with a lid ?
how deep is the cart ?
how heavy is the crate ?
can you tell me approximately how many bags of groceries this would hold ?
dimensions say 14.5 x 16.5 x 39 inches ... ... ..is the 39 inches the height of the handle ?
how accurate are the diamentions ?
can this item be used to carry dumb bells from one room to another ; one 15 lb , two 10 lb , two 8 lb and two 5 lb weights ?
is this correct for making cards
is this paper coated on two sides ?
can i print them in an inkjet printer ?
how thick is each sheet of xerox 3r11458 digital color elite gloss cover stock , 80 lb , 8 1 2 x 11
has anyone used this paper in a printer that does not have manual feed ?
how high , in inches , is the base with wheels ?
the pic shows the unit coming at the user from the right . my application requires it coming from the left . can i flip the wooden table top 180 degrees then fasten it with the screws ?
does this table have ( 2 ) hand screws for adjusting the height as shown in the photo ?
do the wheels scratch hardwood floors ?
how high can this stand go ?
is the side table large enough to hold a book or notes or is only large enough for a mouse ?
does the top turn clockwise to either pull it straight in front of you under a couch or use it sideways if in a bed ?
how big is the computer top size ? hold 17 inch computer ?
placed at bed side how many inches would the table be over the bed ?
how many are in a box ?
how did you find the quality ?
how many folders do you get ?
hi ! could this be used outdoors ?
is any hardware included ? if not , what 's the best way to hang mount this blackboard onto a wall ?
is this board magnetic as well ?
can you use liquid chalk with this board ?
do wet erase chalkboard markers work well on this ?
does this chalkboard have a chalk holder ?
it is 110v ? or work overseas ?
how many blades does it have , one or two ?
is it 220 volt capable for use outside the u.s. ?
will this sharpen colored pencils with good results ?
mine quit working after i emptied the chamber . i put it back , looked for a safety . it wo n't work anymore . any help ?
this is made in china or usa ?
how long is the electrical cord ?
can it sharpen colored pencils ?
how much clearance do the feet casters need ? could you take off the casters to fit under lower chair ? how big is the smaller lower of the two sections
can the shelf be set to 8 '' to 10 '' lower than the top when the top is fully up ?
has anyone used it comfortably while standing for an extended period of time ?
can the small tray be on either right or left side ?
what are the tops actually constructed of ?
can this cart roll under a bed ? i can allow for max of 5 6 inches . what is height with wheels ?
do any of these , specifically the `` oklahoma , '' come with a chair ?
is it possible to put the top shelf centered on top , so that it kind of overlaps the bottom shelf ?
can this cart be used as an over-bed laptop table ?
can this table be used as a sliding table under a recliner to use as a laptop table ? my father-in-law sits and reclines on his chair most of the time due to health issues . i bought a laptop for him to keep him interactive with it instead of watching tv all the time , he has a bulky computer which was not easy , or possible , to use when he is on the recliner . he does n't have to be reclining on the chair all the time but he likes and should have his legs raised on the recliner feet section , as much as possible ; his back does not have to be reclined all the time but he likes to be in that position a lot and he uses it when he is watching tv . he 's been sleeping on the recliner because he has to keep his back raised and does not want to have a bed that would raise his back as it would make it difficult for him to get up from bed . i bought him a recliner with a special control that allows him to get up from the recliner on his own . from what i 've read , he should be able to use this table from either side of the recliner .
what is the non-skid material is it foam or cork ?
i wonder about using the strong ( ? '' 10 '' ? book ends as strength for building a bookcase using old enc . brit . set . current bookends wobbly bendable ?
is it a pair of bookends or a single bookend ... .need to know how many to order . i want three pairs ... suggestions ?
is there a non-skid ( rubber-like ) material on the bottom ? if not , is it bare-metal , uncoated bottom ?
why does each bookend have a wider and thinner vertical portion ? which of them is supposed to go towards the back of the bookcase ?
is it one pair or just one bookend ?
are there two ( 2 ) bookends , as shown in the picture , or only one ( 1 ) ?
is this $ 7.76 for a pair or single bookend ?
i this this for school to ?
the image shows a form in the first pocket . does the organizer come with the pre-printed forms or is that just an example of usage ?
how much can fit in each pocket ?
what is this made of ? plastic or paper ?
is this for school to ?
can you charge an ipad on the usb ? can you use a small hard drive on the powered usb ?
what is the power supply ? is it only the american 110 or can go up to 220 or 240 as well ?
is it approved by apple for its use
will a 13 '' macbook air slide under the stand ?
what is the height on this unit ?
does this scanner make each negative a separate file , or does it make it one and i have to crop each slide ?
is it compatible with mac os 10.8 and newer
can the cs5600f scan into a jpeg file format ?
i am looking to scan medium format negatives ( about 3 '' x 3 '' ) . does it come with trays that will work for this size negative ?
i have had mine for about 4 years and the underside of the glass is hazy and spotted . how do i get the glass out to clean it .
does it have an automatic document feeder ?
do you know if this will scan multiple photos at once ?
how long is the string ?
i will be labeling things with these that will be outside in the elements for 2-3 months at a time . do you think these will hold up to the elements ? if not , do you know of another brand type that would ?
can you string these on breyer traditionals ?
is there a way to remove this product from the back of tile that had been in my bathroom ?
is this glue safe in a microwave ?
will this product hold up outside with temps up to 120 ?
can you eat out of a bowl glued with this product ?
would it work on old pottery porcelain ?
what 's the max . adjustable height to the center of the top pair vesa mounts from where the pole starts at the base mount ?
is it sturdy
if i wanted to remove one of the sets of arms and use the system for just 2 monitors would i be able to do that ?
will this stand also work for led monitors ?
can i mount to a 1 4 '' tempered glass top desk ?
i assume the arms are made of aluminum w plastic hinges.. but is the center post steel ? also , how is the post attached to the base ? welded ?
is the pole hollow ?
is there a way to mount this using the grommet hole in a desk ?
what is the distance between the inner edge of the round screw and the black clamp ?
how much tilt does this allow for the monitors ?
is this very portable ? if i go to the library at school and then back to my house , is it easy to carry or a burden ?
paperback textbook ?
is the tilt degree adjustable ?
will it hold a 1000 page hard-back medical text ? about 2.5 inches thick ? or would the freesia or rosemary models be more appropriate ?
will the magnet be an issue if i used this for my digital reader ? will it damage my ereader ?
how many tilt-positions are there ? in addition , is the surface smooth enough to write on ?
does this book holder work in bed ?
an ipad on this ? i 'd like a bookstand , that i can sit beside my computer to place my ipad on my desk . any one else have any experience with ipads on book stands ? any recommendations ? and if i wanted to go to a store to look at bookstands , what kind of store has them ? an ipad on this ? i 'd like a bookstand , that i can sit beside my computer to place my ipad on my desk . any one else have any experience with ipads on book stands ? any recommendations ? and if ... » read more an ipad on this ? i 'd like a bookstand , that i can sit beside my computer to place my ipad on my desk . any one else have any experience with ipads on book stands ? any recommendations ? and if i wanted to go to a store to look at bookstands , what kind of store has them ? « show less
suitable for a patient without much use of hands ?
could you write on this as well as read ?
is it come with the filler ?
does this ink work with a hp officejet 5610 ?
how many bottles do you get in this kit
will this work for canon mx432 ?
is this a dye or pigment based ink ?
can this ink make the ink cartridge dry inhibiting the potential for the ink to bleed out ?
can i use premium inkjet ink refill for canon pixma mx860 printer cli-221 and pgi-220 cartridges ?
we are having trouble with connection through a cinder block wall about 50 feet from the base . just started after 9 months of use . any suggestions ?
i lost one of my cordless phones for my panasonic how do i know what cordless unit to buy . do they automatically sinc up ?
does it have a mute button on the main base phone ?
is this compatible with panasonic kx-tg9472b
when i hang up the phone on the cradle i have to press the off switch or it will not disconnect the call . is this right or a bad phone ?
does it come with a belt clip ?
is the stand a charger or just a cradle
is this a 2 line handset ?
is there a maximum number of handsets that can be paired with the base ?
will this work with the kx-td7896 base unit ?
what color is this printer stand ?
do the casters lock ?
what is the height ?
how much weight can the stand hold ?
after i replaced the black yellow , the cyran magellan said there was a problem . whoy
is there a separate print head for each color ?
what is the end of warranty date
is this printhead an oem by hp or is it a copy that 's compatible ?
would you please tell me what the expiry date is on this product ?
how long will it last ? does this have a fine point ? what type of refill does it take ( spr4f or 64003 ) ?
refills
what ink cartridge does this pen take ? does it use the # su type catridges ?
could anyone tell me the weight of this pen ?
is there a fisher space pen that has a twist mechanism to retract the the cartridge ?
what does alignment failed ?
is this printer head a genuine hp oem ?
is this a genuine hp printhead replacement product
are they hard to install ?
what is the end of warranty date ?
can you please let me know the expiration date of the 940 ( c4901a ) printhead for $ 56.99 ?
can you scan multiple pages to one pdf file ?
this item has not yet been released . huh ? i put this scanner on my wish list when my old epson 1240u started to lose one side of its sensor . but in recent weeks , the v30 has been listed as `` available for pre-order '' all the time , and the item description says `` this item has not yet been released . '' or is it ? any idea what 's going on here ? this item has not yet been released . huh ? i put this scanner on my wish list when my old epson 1240u started to lose one side of its sensor . it 's degrading very slowly and i do n't scan docs ... » read more this item has not yet been released . huh ? i put this scanner on my wish list when my old epson 1240u started to lose one side of its sensor . but in recent weeks , the v30 has been listed as `` available for pre-order '' all the time , and the item description says `` this item has not yet been released . '' or is it ? any idea what 's going on here ? « show less
does anybody have the driver for epson perfection v30 ?
why i can not use it on my mac computer , i got the software disk about the scanner , but i ca n't install it , please help me .
i have many photo albums i would like to scan . has anyone used this scanner to scan thousands of 4x6 photos ?
does it use regular staples ?
how far from the edge of the paper can this staple ?
i staple all day 2 sheets of paper per staple . will this stapler handle it ?
how do you switch between leads to change colors ?
what colors do they have .
has anyone ever tried putting regular 2mm graphite leads in place of the colors ?
how exactly do you change the lead ? do you have to take out one lead and then insert another thru the point , ?
where do i purchase the refill leads ?
hello . i have seen this described as a `` drawing crayon '' . does this actually have a crayon texture ?
where is it made ?
i see reports of `` marks well , even on thin paper '' . what about pages that are particularly smooth or satin-like ?
how does wireless scanning work ? i 'm thinking of getting this printer for wireless printing and scanning to any of my 3 computers ( 2 macs and 1 pc ) . i currently have a 4 year old hp usb printer hooked up to an airport express for wireless printing . with that setup i can print wirelessly but i ca n't scan without going usb to a computer.can this printer scan wirelessly ? if it can , will the scan only show up on one of the computers ( i 'm guessing one i setup as main ) or any of the three connected or all three ? how would this be managed ?
does wireless 6500 work with windows 7 ?
i have lines but no words , on the display panel , so ca n't read instructions to re-install . support desk no help ! suggestions ?
how is the ink useage with the hp6500 ? i am looking to buy an hp all-in-one . but the cost of ink is very important . what is the best unit for ink cost ?
print head issues
compatible with windows vista ? is the 6500 compatible with windows vista ? help !
hp 6500-is there a way to print in grayscale when color ink is low ? my kids printed colorful pictures and depleted the cyan ink , and now i ca n't seem to print a black and white document , even though i selected `` grayscale '' . with all my previous printers , i could still print in black and white with low color ink , since the color ink is not necessary for a b hp 6500-is there a way to print in grayscale when color ink is low ? my kids printed colorful pictures and depleted the cyan ink , and now i ca n't seem to print a black and white document , even ... » read more hp 6500-is there a way to print in grayscale when color ink is low ?
will this printer work with asus netbook ? i wonder will this printer work with my asus netbook ? how will i install the software without the dvd writer . can i download it from their website ?
which one did you get from amazon ? which one did you get from amazon ? « show less
how do you access voicemail on this phone ?
how do i store phone numbers on dect 6.0 phone ?
`` i have had this phone for quite a while and now all of a sudden caller 's voice sounds echoed and like chipmunk voices . do you know why ? ''
why sound echo
does the battery `` run out '' after a few years ?
speed dial does anyone know how to use speed dial on this ? the manual says nothing..
can you fit 8x11 '' documents in this safe without having to fold them ? what are the interior dimensions ?
where is the ul number on my sentrysafe ?
can this safe be used with a cable to prevent it from walking away ?
does it fit a macbook pro 13-inch ?
is this an all metal stand ?
i have a recliner and there is only about 2.5 inches of clearance under the bottom of it between it and the floor . would this fit underneath it ?
what is the height of the wheels and the bar that is attached to the wheels ?
what is the height of this table ?
does the top swivel
can i use these with stamps.com ? are they compatible with netstamps labels ?
postage doesnt print correctly on the sheet ?
i am confused about how this works.. how do you pay for the actual value of the stamp ?
what is the size for one label ?
compatibility with netstamps aka stamps.com ? this is 6x24 per page matrix , compared to netstamps ' 5x5 or 8x3 matrices . clarify ?
can i print multiple sheets of stamps ?
i would like to purchase a spare ink converter . which waterman ink converter should i buy for this pen ?
is there a conversion kit available ?
after the first cartridge , no others work . have tried cleaningthe nib with water , butto no avail . open the body and the interior is filled with ink . any help ?
is there a logo on the back of the label ?
is there a name on the back of these labels
what software template do you need to use these ? do they come with it ?
is there a border around each label that separates the 2 labels on the sheet ? or do the labels butt up against each other ?
can you use it in the car ?
can i use with any aplication like gotomeeting , webex , skype . is it compatibility with windows 7 , 8,8.1 ?
does it work with mac os ... does it work with iphone 5s ?
can i transfer calls between multiple base units ?
how do i initiate conference calls ? do i need both lines active to manage conference calls ?
can i forward calls from this phone ?
is there a headset jack on base unit ?
is there a way to set up music or a recording when placing someone on hold instead of the beep ?
this ink is for propalcote paper ?
are the ink colors accurate or are the slightly off color ?
how can use ?
will this ink work with the epson wf2540 printer ?
does this ink work well with heat transfers and going threw the wash ?
has anyone used this for automotive airbrush art ?
to be clear : the cordless handset has a port for a headset ? or is it on the base ?
can i use two bases with the same 2 lines ?
is there a privacy setting so that if one person is on line 1 , someone can not accidentally pick up and listen on line 1 ?
while i 'm asking , can the ringers be shut off as well ?
is there a `` speaker '' phone ability on the base , do not see a button for it..
what is the range of the hand set from base ?
does this tell you which line is calling in ?
does this phone system require a splitter in order for the two lines to work ?
how is the sound quality volume when using the speaker on the base unit ?
does it have a speaker phone on base ?
does yealink sip-t22p come with a power supply ?
what kind of port does this phone have for a headset ; rj12 rj9 rj11 ( like for the handset ) or 3.5mm or 2.5mm jack ?
does this phone support open vpn ?
does this connect to the internet through a router ( cat 5 cable ) or through a computer ( usb port ) ?
does this have caller id ?
how do you get these working ? i mean , if i get a t22p and a t20p can i just connect one to the other and they work ? or do i need anything else ?
do these have ethernet passthrough ? if so 10 100 or gigabit ?
does this phone come with a power adapter ?
can i add handsets to this system ?
printing 4x6 's my last hp psc would print 4x6 's only from the memory card . does anyone know if this hp photosmart all-in-one wireless prints them from other places such as picture programs ?
does printer print in b & w when out of color ink ? i am interested in buying this printer , but need to know if it will still print when out of a color ink ? will it still print in b
fax
any software issues do anyone know if there are there any software issues with this printer ?
black ink i just ordered my hp photosmart plus printer . i noticed there are two different types of black . there is the hp364 black and the hp364 photo black . do you put the photo black in when printing photos and the black in when printing text ? which one should i order ?
is the tip a 4mm ? does any one know ?
use on fabric ?
does it work on chalkboard fabric ?
how well does this work on a chalkboard
i work with mild steel and need a white marker . will this work for my intention ?
i have tried everythig , wet rag , wet wipes , mr. clean eraser , & many other cleaners , but can not get it off . please help ?
will these work on a chalkboard decal .
is the the 2013 version of the 1096 form still ?
are these 1096 transmittal forms still 2013 ?
is this form the 2013 version ?
do you have the 1096 for 2013 ?
what software do you need for these 1096 forms - looking for a template ?
are these for the 2014 tax year ? and can i use them with a regular laser printer ?
what year are these forms ?
what do you mean by 5 pack ? is it 5 pcs . of 1096 form ?
could you use this to just cut 2 '' strips ?
what is the standard paper thickness this card will cut ? will it do 100lb card stock ?
can you cut different card sizes ? or just the standard 2 '' x 3-1 2 '' cards ?
i need help finding a template to use with this cutter . help
how much does this weigh without packaging ? also what are the size dimensions ?
can this cutter handle full-bleed cutting ?
is this guarrenteed to work ?
i have a c7280 . when i check the menus will the menus show a valid experation date for the cartidges ?
are these actual original hp cartridges that have been refilled , or are they made by someone else ?
so is that 6ea of every color ?
my printer model is : hp photosmart c7280 all-in-one printer . are those inks can fit the printer ?
do these posters meet 2015 guidelines ?
is this for 2014 ?
are both posters 12in x 18in ?
does this poster have everything you need to have posted for california ?
do this printer print disk and how many disk .
i am trying to use this on a epson artisan 50 and it keeps on printing on the cards like its a cd dvd instead in a card format ! how to change this ?
does this tray work with epson l800 ?
i would like to know if this item it works for a printer epson stylus rx610 . if not works , what do you recommend me ?
does this work with epson 1400 ?
which printer do you recommend to give the best results with your blank pvc cards and trays ?
will this work with a epson r220 ?
can a 14 '' tall cpu tower fit on the bottom shelf ?
how easy or difficult is the setup ?
is it possible to set it up with only two shelves ?
is it possible to assemble this without the middle shelf ?
how much weight can the top shelf support ?
can someone let me know how tall the middle shelf is . i am thinking about using it without the top shelf , depending on how tall that middle shelf is .
does it have an audible message alert ?
does it have a memory to store phone numbers and scroll them and the press talk to call ?
is there an intercom system built in and , if so , how far apart has anyone used it ?
are the bases for the handset sturdy ?
can you screen calls ? ( update : )
does the phone have speed dial capability ? does the phone have speed dial capability ?
love panasonic and love regular batteries , but does anyone else have buttons that are hard to press ?
can the caller id announcement be turned off and only the normal ringer used ?
do the handsets ( all 3 ) have the jacks for headsets ?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users . that way you can scan from two different pcs ?
can you do books ?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users . that way you can scan from two different pcs ?
how many pages is there in the journal ?
is the paper inside lined ?
is it lined paper or graph paper ?
is it refillable ?
what is the size of the journal ? i 'm looking for one to keep meeting minutes in . previous journals were somewhere around 8 '' wide by 15 '' high , around 200 pages per journal , lined on both sides . this is for an association which has been keeping minutes since 1901 ... what is the size of the journal ? i 'm looking for one to keep meeting minutes in . previous journals were somewhere around 8 '' wide by 15 '' high , around 200 pages per journal , lined on ... » read more what is the size of the journal ?
storage pocket
is this phone approximately the same weight as the standard western electric 2500 set ?
does this phone have a glossy finish ?
where is this phone made ? u.s.a ? or china ?
is the cord from the handset to the base removable so that i could attach a longer cord ?
it works with free pbx ?
is it compatible with a nortel networks phone model m3903 ?
will this phone be a good choice for an 8-people conference table ?
so i understand the power supply not included , but it can be connected to a power supply if necessary , correct ?
is this unlocked and sip compatible phone ?
can this system connect to a cell phone ?
will these fit in the zenith 548 stapler ?
will these staples fit swingline # 101 tacker staple gun ?
are these made in america ?
are these made in america ?
will there fit in the swingline commercial desk stapler ?
i need a scanner to take to the library and use with my macbook pro . is this portable ? if not the best , any recommendations ?
is the epson perfection v330 photo scanner ( this scanner ) compatible with mac osx 5.8 ? if not , which one is ?
what software bundle is included
how do i turn it off ?
when scanning larger images , and using stitch and scan , how visible are the overlap areas after stitching ?
how long does it take to scan a 4x6 color picture ?
hi ... i have many 35mm b & w negatives given to me by my late uncle who was in iwo jima during wwii . will this scanner convert the negatives ?
can i scan artwork ?
is the epson v 370 software compatible with win7 , 64 bit ?
will this laptop stand hold a 17 in computer
how many inches from the front to the riser bar ?
will this hold a 13 '' macbook ?
would this stand work just as well if you were using it on your lap instead of a desktop ?
can i fit it in a 15.6 '' laptop bag ?
does it scan and save multiple page documents ? does it feed pages ?
i am buying it mostly for my business receipts , . do i need to scan or can i feed small items like cash register receipts ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
does this product connect via bluetooth to an iphone ? does it need a laptop computer in order to function or can it run on usb power from a 12v ?
can this machine copy old photos ?
i have a ton of magazine pages i 'd like to scan -- will this handle those without crunching them up ?
is this compatible with quick books ?
where can i find the windows 7 driver ?
i have purchased this unit from you and the little tray fell out of it and cracked , do you have replacement trays ?
can this be used with regular size # 2 film xrays ?
will this work on 64 bit systems ?
can i scan a single film into computer & then print it with my laser printer to send copy to insurance co ?
are instructions included to upload the duplicated radiographs into dentrix ? are the duplications able to be displayed as a full mouth xray set ?
can you copy a panorex xray with this machine ?
is this compatible with dentimax office software ? does it even need dental software to run ? can it create a lone bmp file ?
what is the height range - can the bottom of the monitor lower to 3 inches from the desk , and elevate to 15 inches from the desk for sit to stand ?
how much length is needed on the back of the desk to install this mount ?
is it possible to just get one of the arms ?
i 'm planning to use it on an electronic sit-stand table that move up and down . is this stable enough that the monitor would n't move out of position ?
mac compatible ?
is this product mac ios compatible
does this export to quickbooks for payroll purposes ?
do you need to have internet access ? is it xp compatible ?
can it print envelopes ? can envelopes be fed individually ?
are there drivers support for windows 7 ?
does it print in color ?
can you get 4 credit cards and some cash in it or is it just for one card ?
our badges use rfid chips , where we hold the badge in front of a sensor to open doors , elevators , etc . does that work with this badge protector ?
how many in the pack ?
is this hard plastic or a plastic sleeve ?
can you easily access remove the badge while still attached to lanyard hook or do you have to detach crom hook to remove put back badges ?
is this item clear plastic front and back ?
how wide is the tray ?
can this be attched under a counter top work station ?
just wondering how far out infront of the desk can the keyboard tray extend ?
how low can this tray drop from the top of the mount bottom of table ?
how high can the tray raise above the mounting
can the tray slide completely under the desk ?
please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , or are assorted , but what it does n't tell you is that you have no chance of getting the colors as pictured . please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , ... » read more please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , or are assorted , but what it does n't tell you is that you have no chance of getting the colors as pictured . « show less
what colors are the 7 inks ?
are the colors i will be receiving the ones pictures .
so is this pack 2 different purples and three different blues ?
is this stand sturdy enough to hold a small home printer ?
what is the overall height ?
i 'm thinking of this for my new macmini setup . is the back of the top shelf open , and what is the inside height of the open space in that top shelf ?
what size monitor and or lbs is this designed to hold ?
how do you customize your stamp ? when i click to add it to cart and check out i never get asked what initials , address , or color i want ?
what is the size of the stamp impression ?
how long does it last ?
is there an ink refill you can buy for this ?
how can you scan several pages to be in one attachment ?
what is the quality of the scanning feature ?
where can one get an operating manual for this machine ?
does it print on both sides ?
how do i install this printer ?
can you plug a usb in this printer or can you put a memory card from your camera in the printer ?
what is the size of the flatbed scanner ? will it accommodate legal size paper ?
i bought this printer from someone and do not have the cd that was supposed to go with it . how can i install the printer since i do n't have the cd ?
single ink vs fine ink ? this canon uses fine ink correct ? does n't that mean if one color ink rans out that would mean the user would have to buy a whole new set ? why did n't canon use the single ink system instead ? seems like they are trying to milk customers for more ink . single ink vs fine ink ? this canon uses fine ink correct ? does n't that mean if one color ink rans out that would mean the user would have to buy a whole new set ? why did n't canon use the ... » read more single ink vs fine ink ? this canon uses fine ink correct ? does n't that mean if one color ink rans out that would mean the user would have to buy a whole new set ? why did n't canon use the single ink system instead ? seems like they are trying to milk customers for more ink . « show less
told me great fax machine i plugged it in and comes up with printer error b200 dont know what i have to do any help ?
is this a high back chair ? is the back high enough to rest my head neck on it ? or does the back cut you in the middle of your spine ?
what is the weight capacity ?
what is the height of the seat from the floor.. top of the seat .
what is the most difficult part of putting this chair together ? can one person do it ?
the mahogany trim looks very red in the photo- is this an accurate picture ? which wood trim is darker and more brown , mahogany or cherry ?
is this lcd screen as sharp and crisp as in a typical casio scientific calculator ?
what physical constants ?
what are the dimensions ? will it fit in a shirt pocket like the orginal 506 model ?
will i have space for a mouse with a 15 inch laptop ?
are there models available for left-handed users ?
where is this product made ?
does this product come with a usb cable ?
what type of usb cord is compatable with the table
do i have to set up a phonebook on each phone ?
once i have entered phone numbers in the master handset , how can i `` transfer '' or `` sync '' that phone number list to the other handsets ?
does it have a warranty ?
is there a quick `` ringer off on '' for all phones ?
can i replace short handset cord easily with a longer one by just pluging into handset ?
does this phone have a jack that you can plug a headset into ?
does this phone have a 'hold ' button ?
can you change cord
how long is the included cord ?
where is the menu button on 1104 model
what color is the unit ?
is the display back-lit ?
is there a trick to get this thing to power on ? or is it just my bad luck that the scanner was delivered doa ?
do you have the ability to focus your slides or it a fixed focus ?
how do you know when your sd is full ?
when try to slide holder into slot , it goes so far and then is blocked .
does this work with kodak slides ?
what is the power source battery or electricity
will this work with 220 voltage outlets ?
when viewing slides on the imagebox , can you also see them on your computer before scanning and or saving ?
i have a mac and want to set the slides to music . has anyone actually connected it to a mac rather than using an sd card ?
how much does he stand elevate the laptop ?
will this support the razer blade pro
will this fit an 11-inch macbook air ?
what is the max weight it can support ?
how `` grippy '' is the rubber grip surface ?
what is the size of the base of the stand ? specifically want to know how much space from front to back the base of this requires ?
does it easily fold away to fit into my backpack to use it at school ?
will this fit a 15 inch rmbp ?
would this fit a 17 inch hp laptop without it falling or sliding ?
will this fit and be comfortable for my 17-inch macbook pro ?
what is the resolution - megapixels ?
any one have trouble getting their pc and scanner to communicate ?
loaded software on mac os 10.9.5. plugged it in to usb on mac . software starts and says `` scanner is not communicating with pc '' . anyone seen this ?
is it compatible with windows 7
how many prints can you load at a time ?
is it compatible with windows 8.1 ?
does anyone know if this will convert the larger ( 120 size ) or very old glass slides ?
where can i get an instruction manual for this product ?
can you `` unstaple '' the pages without tearing the paper ?
how do i open the lime green harinacs staple free stapler ?
what types of staples does it take
can i mount the arm on a different pole ?
can this stand tilt so that the monitor is 90 degrees for a person who is lying flat ?
how easy is it to adjust the height ?
what is the diameter of the mounting pole ?
how far does the arm extends ?
i have an asus vx238h gaming monitor , will this work ? i lost the base
can this be mounted clamped upside-down ?
does this compatible with brother mfc-7360n ?
does the 2270 print in color ?
does this toner work with a brother mfc 7840w ?
the cartridge goes in crooked when seating ? its obviosly smaller and i dont want to jam it in there suggestions would be nice ?
how many pages approx could i print with it ?
does this phone system have the capability of blocking certain numbers or area codes ?
can this phone mount to the wall ?
does the phone allow for voip ?
how does one delete a scan in vuescan ? specifically from the `` preview scan window area ?
can it scan 35mm negatives ( either in strips or individuals ) and if it can , is speed comparable to scanning slides ?
is it possible to convert 35mm slide directly to a sd card ?
i surmise you scan directly to your computer -- how much ram do you need ?
is the cyber view x software installed in the powerview 5000 ?
how many slide trays come with it ?
how long does it take to scan a slide ?
can this scanner be uses with 240v power ?
does it accept memory cards , like those from a camera ?
can this printer hook up to a xl ? also does it take ink cartgrides of 61 ?
is it wirelees
good evening , this printer makes copies and has scanner ?
will it work on 64 bit ?
will it work in kitchen cabintet if place a 23 '' playwood circle to store dry goods ?
will this scratch or indent the formica cabinet surface it is placed on ?
58 '' tv will this work with a 58 '' plasma flat screen tv ?
will this still spin with very light items on them ?
we have a 51 '' samsung tv that has four legs like a tripod . the legs are angled and not flat . will this work with this 15 '' swivel .
would this be safe for a heavy plant on a 39 inch stand ?
we have a 50 '' rear projection flat screen tv that we want to swivel . will this work ?
does this stay in place when it swivels ?
what is the vertical thickness of this turntable ?
i have a 32 inch flat screen tv . the tv stand is 14-16 '' . which size swival base do you recommend , the 10 '' or 12.8 '' swival base ?
good evening , please tell me what number this printer cartridge ?
i bought this because old 2050 broke and had some almost new 61 cartridges i wanted to use in it . however , this one requires 122 cartridges . why ?
220v ?
does it has the feature to place a big document and scann all of the pages it self ?
when the color ink cartridge runs out will it work just w the black ink ?
looking for ink for my printer it 's a hp deskjet 2050 it uses 61xl what 's a good ink to buy on here
i have a glass desk . will this mount support the weight of two monitors without damaging the clamped area ?
how many inches forward from the mounting pole could this arm hold two 24 '' monitors ?
can you use this arm for 2 monitors - one back against the other 's back ?
does this come with the actual screws for the back of the monitor to screw into the plates ?
how tall is this ? how tall is this product ?
how deep is the clamp ?
rotation from landscape to portrait once the monitors and stand are installed , can you rotate one or both of the monitors from landscape to portrait , and vise-versa ? or do you have to unscrew the monitor and place it in its place in order to do so ? rotation from landscape to portrait once the monitors and stand are installed , can you rotate one or both of the monitors from landscape to portrait , and vise-versa ? or do you have to unscrew the ... » read more rotation from landscape to portrait once the monitors and stand are installed , can you rotate one or both of the monitors from landscape to portrait , and vise-versa ? or do you have to unscrew the monitor and place it in its place in order to do so ? « show less
will all of my existing pdf documents ( scanned with a different scanner ) import into the doxie software with all of the ocr features ?
can you scan two-sided documents in one pass , or do you need to turn the paper over and feed it through again ?
has anyone tried to ocr something like a walmart receipt ?
how loud is it ?
is the capability of the doxie go able to scan both side on 1 sheet of paper ?
does this doxie go include the worldwide power adapter ?
what are the major differences between the doxie go and doxie one scanners ?
does doxie scan business cards ?
does the planner also have a monthly travel expense record ?
what are the dimensions of the planner ?
does it have tabs for each month ?
what material is the cover made out of ? is it sturdy so it wo n't fall apart ?
does it begin with january 2014 and end in december 2014 ?
is it dry erase friendly
looking for white magnet to cover my husbands company name on his work car . will only be used while parked , would this item work ?
is the magnet strong enough to hold beer bottle caps ?
we have some large air return vents to cover . will this product work for that purpose ?
would fountain pens fit in to the holders ?
would it hold sharpie pens ?
is it really easy to get dirty ?
would this work for storing crochet hooks ?
what is the size when it is full ? want to see how much luggage space it will take up
would the loops fit pigma micron pens ?
how many pencils can it fit ?
i assume this does n't work in bulkhead seats ?
what can you attach to if have bulkhead seat , or exit row ( tray table in armrest ) ?
where would you hang this footrest from ?
how much does it weigh ?
wo n't this shake and disturb the person sitting in front of you unless you keep your feet very still ?
will this work with bulkhead or emergency exit seat ?
what is the size of this item ?
how high are the handles ?
what are the dimensions of the cart ? ( how tall , what is the depth width ? )
is the extra basket removable ?
my computer died and the online manuel went with it . could you send me the website ?
does this handle generic cartridges well ?
does this printer have a copier feature ?
does it scan
what kind of usb connector does the printer have ( i.e . : standard , mini , micro . etc . ) ?
is it wireless
does this printer work with mac os x yosemite ?
about how many pages can i expect on # 125 starter cartridge ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
is there a warning or some way to tell before it runs out of toner ?
can it be wall mounted ?
what size is this phone
is it rotary it push button
do the numbers light up ?
how do i hang this on the wall ?
do you make any of these 24 '' deep ?
what is the width of the wider door ?
do items stay on the door shelves as the doors are yanked open ?
if i wanted to remove shelves from one side fully to store a vacuum and a mop is this an option ?
where can i find a trouble-shooting guide ?
will this printer allow me to print with the latest ipad with retina display ?
is this a good printer
has anyone found a solution to the `` wo n't print in black ink '' problem ? we tried replacing cartridges ( twice ! ) , cleaning & nozzle check , etc . hp tech support charges as it 's over 1 yr old . the solution to this question on their support threads is `` get printer serviced . '' has anyone found a solution to the `` wo n't print in black ink '' problem ? we tried replacing cartridges ( twice ! ) , cleaning & nozzle check , etc . hp tech support charges as it 's ... » read more has anyone found a solution to the `` wo n't print in black ink '' problem ? we tried replacing cartridges ( twice ! ) , cleaning & nozzle check , etc . hp tech support charges as it 's over 1 yr old . the solution to this question on their support threads is `` get printer serviced . '' « show less
how do i set it up for a wireless connection ?
is it the best color printer on the market ?
where is the paper feed thru ? looking for a front loading of paper . can you help ?
why will i not get a printed copy even though it has ink and goes thru all the motions of printing but comes out blank
i have a kodak hero 3.1 ca n't print black , only color . can it be repaired or junked ?
my kodak hero 5.1 is junk not fit for purpose . gets through ink at a ridiculous rate hows yours ?
my kodak hero 5.1 is printing blank pages even after replacing the cartridges and the print head . what now ?
hero 5 .
can they print a colored logo . ours is red and black . if not , has anyone used the watermark logo ?
can i use these checks on an ink jet printer ?
can i fill them out with handwriting , for example when i 'm traveling ?
new to comp-checks . they say print logo free , i thought theses are just blank and quickbooks prints everything ?
what about the paper quality thickness ?
can this phone be used with a regular landline ?
will this work in tandem with a polycom 300 ? there are times i need to pick up a handset . ip phone service .
does this phone have speakerphone ?
will this phone work with ring central system ?
is this phone an unlocked phone to be used with any provider ?
does this phone come with a power supply ?
$ 25.99 & free shipping for 1 set ( 8 pieces ) of the epson 159 inks ?
what is the expiration date on these ?
will these ink cartridges work on the epson r1900 ?
are the cartridges full of the actual epson brand ink that they sell for 21.00+ for each color ?
what is the biggest text that can be held by the stand ?
how well are the pages held back when the stand is in the most upright position ?
how well does it work for paperback books ?
i have a paperback book that 's 6 '' wide when closed and 1 3 8 '' thick . will this stand work alright for it ?
would this hold a 2700 page pharmacotherapy text book with the base being able to support the book .
what shade of green is it in person ?
how would this work for holding a book to read sitting up in bed ?
is it easy to turn the pages ?
would it fold flat enough to fit into a backpack ?
how do i get my ink levels to show
how do i check my ink levels
is therre a way to print even when a non-black cartridge is empty ?
i keep getting blue lines all over my prints . i opened the lid took out all cartages and everything looks clean , even the foam pad . any ideas , help ?
what address upc label software for pcs does this use ? does it print labels well ?
two-sided printing with imac ? i 'm shopping around for a printer for my new office , and i use an imac . i see under the numbered fine print section that some functions and applications , like double-sided printing , does not work with mac os x ( # 8 ) . which , of course , i 'm running . i 'm very interested in this printer , but i definitely want one that allows me to print double-sided . does anyone know if this language means that it will not print double sided pages with a mac , or if this was more of a suggestive than declarative statement ?
will the 4020 run under win 8.1 ?
are you able to print on vinyl and heavy weight card stock ?
i have a problem with mine..all lights keep on blinking and i 've tried to restart the printer , in addition to installing new ink . is there a solution ?
will this printer work if it runs out of color ( ie will it print black and white independently of color ink levels ? )
what is maximum size paper ?
does this printer work with a mac mini os 10.8.2 ?
is this printer also a copier ? i bought it and ca n't figure out how to do that ?
is it a scanner
how does this printing handles envelope printing ?
what is a valu pack
are these empty or full cartridges ?
will this work in my canon imageclass mf8580cdw ?
how many cartridges contains this value pack ?
how many cartridges in value pak ?
how many toners included in this items ?
how can i get to use more then half the ink before it shut done replacing ink cartrige less then 100 pages
can the 10 ink work in the c315 printer ? ( normally it takes 30 series ink ) ?
is this compatible with windows 8 ?
my black and white photos are printing blue and white ?
does it not come with any toner cartage to operate it ? do i must purchase the bundle ( frequently bought together ) to operate it ?
wil the printer work with windows 8 ?
i am looking to scan double sided documents to pdf format to save in my computer ( like bank statements , etc . ) . will this take a few pages at a time ?
size of glass
i regularly have to print in a4 and letter . does the printer automatically detect the size of the document , or do you have to adjust the settings ?
length of warrantee
does the paper feed in from the front or the rear ? and does the software launch automatically when the scanner detects paper insert to be scanned ?
does the scanner have any data storage capacity ? do i need to carry my laptop to use the scanner ? does it have any battery power storage ? in other words , can i pull this from my briefcase , scan something and then go home and download it ?
would i have to feed each sheet manually ?
can you scan multiple documents into one file with the included software ?
how well does it pull receipts in straight ?
does it doubleside scan
can it scan a passport or wouldit be too thick ?
can anyone tell me if i can use this printer to print images with sublimation ink to heat press onto t-shirts ?
can anyone tell me if this printer is compatible with windows 8 ? i have found that there are alot of printers that are not . : - (
anyone care to weigh in on ink costs ? pc world did some math on predicted ink costs and came up with 15 cents per page . this seems high , actually , considering that a typical website `` page '' may print 10 pages or so . anyone care to weigh in on ink costs ? pc world did some math on predicted ink costs and came up with 15 cents per page . this seems high , actually , considering that a typical website ... » read more anyone care to weigh in on ink costs ? pc world did some math on predicted ink costs and came up with 15 cents per page . this seems high , actually , considering that a typical website `` page '' may print 10 pages or so . « show less
my printer does n't grab the paper from the tray and i do n't know how to fix the problem . any recommendations ?
free efax with hp7510 just set up the new hp7510 printer and it prints great . now i am trying to set up efax . i went to efax.com and the only efax available is paid . how do we set up a free efax account ? free efax with hp7510 just set up the new hp7510 printer and it prints great . now i am trying to set up efax . i went to efax.com and the only efax available is paid . how do we set up a free ... » read more free efax with hp7510 just set up the new hp7510 printer and it prints great . now i am trying to set up efax . i went to efax.com and the only efax available is paid . how do we set up a free efax account ? « show less
i need to print small pics it wont do smaller than 3x5 why ?
how l0ng does it work
can this do 2-sided scanning ?
does the control panel tilt for easier viewing ?
can the scanner save to jpg format ?
have you used these labels w a laser printer ?
are they waterproof ?
would these be hard to remove from clothing if used as stickers ?
is the page blank ?
are the crack and peel backs scored for easy peeling ?
do these cut well with the silhouette cameo ?
if liquid gets on the label after putting on a bottle , will the ink run ?
can you use this with max os 10.8.2 ? i ca n't figure out how to set this up .
does it scan ?
how does this printer do with high res photos ?
what voltage
how do you defeat the false `` toner low '' message ?
does this printer duplex ?
what about pictures
itsposible buy justmagenta and yellow ? thans
will they fit a j435w ?
will these work with brother mfc-j5910dw printer ?
can you change only one cartridge ?
will these cartridges fit brothers mfc-j835dw
how many ml of ink in each cartridge ?
it shows i ordered these on jan 2014. they worked perfectly in my brother 825dw . now there is a note saying they will not fit ? should i order ?
does anyone know the cheapest printer i can get to use this ink with ?
i see a clear vinyl cover tightly sealed onto the ink hole of this cartridge . should i take it off before install it or use it as it is ?
does this phone have talking caller i.d ?
is this phone model number 30524 ? if not , what is model number ?
do the cordless telephones need to be pluged into a jack or just the main wired phone ?
what are the dimensions of the top right shelf , will it hold a printer ?
what are the dimensions ?
what kind of wood is it made of , ,and the color ?
could someone pls tell me inside dims of the drawers , how far apart n how tall r their drawer box sides ?
is the canon p-215 compatible with windows 7 & windows 8 ?
can i feed photos for scanning ? how is the quality ?
do the scanned files have the correct date ?
when i unbend the top cover feed tray , i hear a `` clicking '' sound . is this normal ? or am i doing something wrong ? there are 2 joints to the top part . i 'm talking about the hinge joint that connects that part with the sliding width guides to the part above it with the `` bunny ears '' for extra long documents . when i unbend that 2nd hinge , i hear the click sound . when i unbend the top cover feed tray , i hear a `` clicking '' sound . is this normal ? or am i doing something wrong ? there are 2 joints to the top part . i 'm talking about the hinge joint ... » read more when i unbend the top cover feed tray , i hear a `` clicking '' sound . is this normal ? or am i doing something wrong ? there are 2 joints to the top part . i 'm talking about the hinge joint that connects that part with the sliding width guides to the part above it with the `` bunny ears '' for extra long documents . when i unbend that 2nd hinge , i hear the click sound . « show less
does the included software scan business cards and create microsoft outlook contacts and populate fields like name , address , e-mail address , etc ?
if i put in a bunch of store gas supermarket receipts at a very slight angle , will that cause any problems ( such as ocr not working ) ? do i have to make sure that the paperwork i put in is exactly level ? new question : what happens if i put the receipts in on their side ? if i put in a bunch of store gas supermarket receipts at a very slight angle , will that cause any problems ( such as ocr not working ) ? do i have to make sure that the paperwork i put in ... » read more if i put in a bunch of store gas supermarket receipts at a very slight angle , will that cause any problems ( such as ocr not working ) ? do i have to make sure that the paperwork i put in is exactly level ? new question : what happens if i put the receipts in on their side ? « show less
if i have a document larger then 20 pages is there a way to connect 2 scanned groups ?
is it available for apple products ?
will this do that ? or is the data erased after printing ?
i have 2.25 thermal paper . it is double , white & yellow copies . will my new xe-a407 use this type of paper ?
i am confused as to how this process works.do i add to my empty epson cart or do i have to also buy a special cartridge ? wf 3520
are these ink cartridges compatible with epson printer tx210 ?
is the ink sublmation ink or pigment ink
is it a 110 or 240 volts printer ?
good morning , is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint ?
good morning , is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint ?
is this item on wheels ?
how tall is this item ?
what is the thickness of the wood on the sides ? is it 3 4 inch ?
is there assembly required ?
will this work with other currencies ? or just dollars ?
how do you get the counted coins out of the machine if you are not using their rolls ?
i know this machine sorts but do i have to manually wrap them ?
does this come with rs paper wrappers ?
why when i turn the handle no coins are going in to the slots
given that you can put the rollers right into the sorter , does it automatically count out the right number of coins for each roll ?
does this work for coins of other countries ?
mainly want to wrap quarters - 100 + - a week but sometimes they accumulate . do round wrappers work well & do they sell those also ?
is printer compatible with windows 8.1 ?
my computer is wireless . can i use this printer to print ?
does the scanner have a multi-page document handler ? an automatic feed for a multi page set of documents i want to scan all at once . or is this a one page at a time machine ?
does it have a air print ?
are these compatible with samsung galaxy note 2 ?
will these tags work through a case specifically a spigen slim armour for a nexus 5 ?
are these compatible with the samsung galaxy note 3 ?
do letter-sized hanging files actually hang from something ?
are there any sharp edges near the rim , and does the lid securely snap on ?
would this hold an 18x12 '' photo without bending ?
i keep having a problem where the legal size files do n't actually *hang* but stand on the bottom . will they hang in this box ?
how many quarts is this ?
what is the color of the lid ?
is the file box built strong enough to stack multiple bins ( 3 to 4 ) without cracking the top on the bottom bin ?
i know the dimensions are 18.5 x 14 x 11 inches but which of these is the height ?
are these good for storage of other things too ?
how many pencils does this fit ?
will this hold 20 skinny markers ?
does this have compartments ( dividers ) ?
how sturdy is this case ?
does it have compartments ?
are these cartridges sealed in the original packaging ?
i 'm confused about quantity , so you mean it includes 4 blk , 4 magenta , 4 yellow , 4 cyan so total toners are 16 , are n't they ?
original brother toner ?
how many numbers can be programmed into the phone book ?
is there a plug-in for headset so you can talk without phone to eat ?
does the corded base unit have battery back-up so you do not loose everthing in a power failure ?
can talking caller id be turned off ?
we have a long ranch style house . what is the range on the cordless handsets when using indoors ?
the description says silver or titanium but the picture is black -- what color is it ?
when using the speakerphone , does it cut in and out to the point that the person on the other end of the line notices ?
how to program phone numbers and differentiate between home and cell # for the same person.
does this phone work if power is out ?
how many vertical lines per page ?
how many journals do you get for $ 7.49 . one or three as pictured ?
does the sheets have red and blue columns ? manly two columns on left , one big one in middle and two on right ( one blue and one red ) ?
is it 3 books or only 1 ?
what size are tyhey , and how many do you get ?
does the sheets have red and blue columns ? two columns on left , one big one in middle and two on right ( one blue and one red ) ?
what size is it ?
are some of the lines actually double lines for currency denomination separation-thus a total of 8 vertical fields ?
is there a warranty that comes with the purchase
provide sizes please ?
how often does it have to be oiled ? what kind of oil ? easy to do ?
this item got broken after 6 months , is there a warranty ?
how 's the noise level ?
does it feed stapled pages fine ?
what is the amperage ? how many amps ?
will letter sized file folders fit in the pockets ?
it the outside plastic or cloth ?
what are the actual dimensions ? i see 2.75 x 2.5 x 9.25 , it 's smallish ?
is the is the entire base metal , including where the wheels insert ?
what metal is this product made from ? aluminum ? steel ? tin ?
what is the dimensional weight of the package ?
what is the weight rating
does this phone have a headset jack for wired headsets ?
is there a wall barcket for this handset
i lost the booklet to the phone . it keeps telling me registration failed what can i do or where can i call ?
what batteries does this use
what 's the distance of operation
can you add additional handsets ?
how many labels come for each room ? are they pre printed , or blank ?
about how big are the labels ? they seem a little small ?
are these stickers safe to put on wood ?
i wanted to know if i would be able to fit an external keyboard between the legs of the stand ?
do you think this would be sturdy enough to hold thick college text books ?
what is the wizard desk stand ?
how large and heavy laptop can it support ? does it support 15.6 inches and 6 pounds laptop ? and what is the tilting angle limit with a laptop ?
does the product come with the mouse stand ? what do you mean by stating does not include wizard desk stand ?
is there supposed to be more than one sheet ?
how many does it come with ?
i have a 36 '' space to cover . if i order more than one board , will they fit together `` almost '' seamlessly ?
does n't it happen that the dust sticks to it and easily reduces the stickiness of it thus making it useless ?
does it have to be always that same paper or can i use other brands ?
can i plug my cannon sx510 directly into this to print ?
this printer is listed as protable yet it has a plug in charger does it take batteries if so what type ?
number of prints
can i print directly from my sony x6000 camera if i connect it with usb ?
does this only print 4x6 photo 's ?
can you print from ipad and tablets ?
is this device compatible with my samsung galaxy s4
can you use a `` carrier '' with this machine ?
will this laminator accept card stock ?
is this dual voltage , 110v - 240v ?
this can fit an 11x17 paper right ?
will it laminate 11x17 photo paper ?
is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply ?
are there any pouches included with the laminator ?
what is the size of the paper feeder
how to print from my ipad 2 ?
is this compatible with windows xp
is there a paper tray , or do you have to feed one sheet at a time ?
do i have to install to a computer just to use with my i pad ?
if one ink cartridge is empty ( like cyan ) are you required to replace it before you can print b w ?
does this printer work with cardstock ?
is this compatible with windows 8 ?
printer says load paper . paper is in printer
i read 2 items i do n't understand.the dock will not take an 81 2 x 11 sheet of paper ? you ca n't use the dock unless you have it hooked to a computer ?
can i view the scanned images by connecting the scanner to a pc via usb ? or i have to take out the cd card and insert it into the computer ?
is this scans document in pdf format & stores them as image in pdf for plain text ?
what are basic differences between scanners i.e. , what is a dock or wand ?
is it a self feeding scaner or do i have to glide the wand for it to scan
does this include or work with scanning software ? or does it just save each scan on a jpeg and you have to transfer convert files manually ?
there are so many different scanner wands out there . i just want to carry one around w me to scan books & some photos . would you recommend this one ?
is there an available model of this that has wifi capability ?
can wand be used with adapter plug ( not in docking station ) ? what happens when rechargable batteries get low and i do n't have docking station w me ?
what are the smallest and largest diameter circles ?
would this be suitable for painting circles on wood ?
can anyone tell me what is the maximum circumference this will accommodate ?
is this the one ring that rules them all ?
is this standard or metric ?
is it windows 8 compatible ?
how well does it work with envelopes ?
can you scan and copy leagal size paper ?
does this make double-sided copies ?
does the printer do multi page scanning ?
is it compatible with mac
does the printer come with a ink cartridge ?
what is the canon toner model number that this printer uses ?
i have a mac desk top . a reviewer stated that he could not scan to the mac with this machine . is this true ?
is there a way around this ?
is it genuine epson ?
this is the 273-i double bk black cartridge ? or the single 273 pbk black cartridge ?
does this fit the epson xp-600 ?
is this the large bk cartridge ? or the smaller pbk cartridge ?
how many pages will it print ?
i am low on black ink -- all the color cartridges are almost 100 % full . question : can i just replace the black cartridge -- instead of all of them ?
how many pages can be printed with this ink cartridge ?
i assume this is improperly labeled ? on amazon this is listed as lc1053 , but the picture says lc105m . does this ever worry anyone else ?
has anyone noticed that this item is a 3-pack of ink cartridges , but the item description is for samsung ativ smart pc 500t ?
will this work with mfc j650dw ?
will it print on plain paper or does it require laser-quality paper ?
does the unit have wifi capability ?
does it come with 2 trays or just one as pictured ?
does this print out on both sides ?
what are the dimensions ? none of these tell you in { inches & feet ) how large or small they are ?
would it be crowded tight if a 13 ' macbook was on it ?
which are the differences between brookstone ecomfort and brookstone epad ? it seems to be the very same product . is this right ? or are some differenc
i 'm looking for a lap desk with a high angle which this one appears to have . is the padding on the back angled or more flat ?
what are the dimensions of this ?
i purchased this , and then returned it . i found that it cut the bottom of my slides off . no matter what i did , i could not get it to scan the entire slide . has anyone else had this problem ?
can you scan stored slides onto a jump drive instead of a card ?
are there any output format options besides jpg ?
how big of a negative will it scan i think some of the ones i have are 3 '' x 5 ''
does it scan 12mm negative film ?
does this scanner come with a usb cable to transfer pictures to a computer ? are these jpeg files ?
how long does it take to scan one slide at full resolution ?
static with this phone . unable to hear incoming callers . any suggestions ?
can the be wall mounted ?
does it have ring volume ? on off ?
will this operated with an included ac adapter or do you need batteries ?
someone said the screen is not back lighted when it clearly is in the picture . is it back lighted ?
what is audio assist
if i buy two of these phones , can i put a call on hold and pick the call up in another room on the same line ?
does this phone have a voicemail indicator light or any other way of signaling that a voicemail has been received ?
this phone looks as though it can be wall mounted , but i 'd like to make certain . and if it can , is the hardware included ?
does the binder have a small flap or pocket for a business card or note ?
how thick is the spine ?
can you purchase business card pages for this binder ?
can filler sheets be bought for this binder ?
how far apart are the rings ?
does the binder come with paper in it ?
how do you reset the cartriges ?
when the ink runs out , can i refill the resevoir ? do i replace that one ? do i have to buy the whole system again ?
will it work with firmware version wb15d3 38.38 on epson artisan 837 ?
since this does not have the reset button for the chips , will they reset themselves or does this system have a shelf life ?
i have an officejet 620e . i 'm not familiar with the term new generation . will this cartridge work in my printer ?
approximately how many pages will this print ?
does this work for the printer hp photosmart 5520 ?
could you indicate if this would work for the printer hp 3520 ?
myth # 1 : remanufactured cartridges always save you money ? is this hp propaganda ? in fact , a full 22 % have a cartridge fail , leak or run out of toner prematurely [ 3 ] . by contrast , during qualitylogic testing , the original hp laserjet toner cartridges worked every time [ 4 ] . `` does anyone have actual experience with printing out 500 copies on 1 cartridge as spec'ed ? myth # 1 : remanufactured cartridges always save you money ? is this hp propaganda ? http : h30458.www3.hp.com us us smb the-truth-about-remanufactured-toner_1234766.html '' the high ... » read more myth # 1 : remanufactured cartridges always save you money ? is this hp propaganda ? in fact , a full 22 % have a cartridge fail , leak or run out of toner prematurely [ 3 ] . by contrast , during qualitylogic testing , the original hp laserjet toner cartridges worked every time [ 4 ] . `` does anyone have actual experience with printing out 500 copies on 1 cartridge as spec'ed ? « show less
is this the correct cartridge for a photosmart 6525 ?
my cartridge is not working with my printer : i keep receive an error message that i ca n't bypass . `` one or more cartridges are missing or damaged. ``
do these ink cartridges come with a chip or not ?
has anyone had success with a non-brother adapter ?
does the ink need to be replaced in this labeler ?
is it still in the box ?
does it have a scanner ?
does it have a scanner ?
does this printer have the necessary apple technology to print from an ipad ?
how is the print quality compared to a color laser printer , particularly in an office setting with charts , etc ?
does this printer come with big starter cartridges 3000 pages black and 2500 pages cym color like the tech spec says ? or 700 page ink like my old hp ?
1. can you duplex on to card stock without massive jams ?
any guesstimate how long would a cartridge last when not used before it just dries out ?
i want to get the ink value pack plus the additional black and gray cartridges , but the value pack does n't say xl and someone said that is what i need
why is the white model so much cheaper ? is it the same thing or there is something different ?
does this printer have wireless direct technology ( creates own network ) to print from iphone ipad without an outside wi-fi connection ?
how quickly does this printer go through ink when printing black and white documents ?
does this reduce copies ?
are 2 black cartridges required at all times ? why ?
120v only , or 120 240 ? can someone look at the back of their printer where the power cord plugs in to see if it is really dual voltage ? the specifications say 100-240v , 50 60hz. 120v only , or 120 240 ? can someone look at the back of their printer where the power cord plugs in to see if it is really dual voltage ? the specifications say 100-240v , 50 60hz. , but people here ... » read more 120v only , or 120 240 ? can someone look at the back of their printer where the power cord plugs in to see if it is really dual voltage ? the specifications say 100-240v , 50 60hz. « show less
eassy to find catr
can i use it as a writing platform over my desk at work to decrease tension on my neck ?
what is the height when fully extended ?
i 'm looking for a narrator 's desktop reading stand which will hold two 8 x 11 sheets of paper side by side . will this work for a 275 page manuscript ?
could this be used as a stand for 2 pound laptop computer , and is it sufficiently sturdy so that i could type on the computer ?
does this unit come with the stapler ?
what sizes of paper will it take ?
does this printer have an option to track jobs for each client and or user ? also , it it wireless ?
can i order an extra tray for this mfp from amazon ? how much are they ?
does it use 8 x10 paper ? or smaller ?
is it compatible windows 8
does this include ink ?
how do replace cartridge ink
exactly how many ink cartridges does it use ?
exactly how many ink cartridges does it use ? 1,2 , or 3 ?
does this device support english ?
what file types can it transfer to the pc ? would it be possible to convert them to text ? how ?
does this come with a cover and what the color of the coverï¼
can this printer print , copy , scan without a computer ?
windows 8 compatible ?
one said this machine prints in black and white also ( not just color ) .another person says it does not . who is correct ?
does any usb cord work to connect this printer to computer ?
is ink included when you order this ?
what are the dimensions ?
from which date do these pages begin ?
what 's the end date on these ?
is the size 6 3 4 by 4 1 4 ?
is it pocket size the 6842114 ?
how many slide holders are in the box ?
does plustek 8100i scan negatives larger than 35mm ?
film sizes ?
can you adjust the focus on the slide ? is there an auto-focus ?
what input voltage does the power supply allow ? also 220v 50hz ? it is external so it could be exchanged ?
how `` one touch '' is one touch ?
what windows operating systems does it work with ?
does it work on apple computers ?
does caller id show up while on a call ?
do these sets all come with awall mounting bracket ?
does this have bluetooth or a headphone jack ?
can you use a headset with these ?
can it scan negatives and slides ?
i 'm new at this . when fine art work is scanned , is color true enough to be converted to jpeg tiff without color correcton or photoshop ?
should i buy the warranty ?
does the scanner come with a 1 year warranty ?
is color correction needed for paintings scanned ?
is the epson 11000xl-ga scanner compatible with mac os 10.9.5 ?
if i scan multiple pictures in one pass , does the included software delegate them into separate .jpg files ?
are paintings etc scanned on this unit convertable into jpeg tiff without using photoshop ?
what year is the calendar planner for ?
does this version have room for three years ' worth of entries ?
what size is this in inches ?
4x5.5 is including or excluding the adhesive strip ? how wide is the adhesive strip ?
wondering if the bag is long enough ?
are these case packed or loosely tossed into a box ?
is the size big enough for a long necklace with big stones ?
100 packs 4 '' x5.5 '' self-seal clear bubble out pouches bags 3 16 '' bubble wrap 4x5.5 ... how many bags in this order ?
is this able to hold a lcd monitor ?
how far apart are the outside of the legs ?
is this wide enough for me to slip my laptop under ?
re : the question `` how far apart are outside of legs ? ''
i know the legs adjulst but does the laptop holder adusts as well and how many degrees ?
could this be used as a keyboard stand ?
is the lip wide enough to hold a hard-covered book ?
where is this laptop tabel made ?
how high can you elevate the laptop ?
can i buy replacement colors ?
would these be visible on black card stock ?
are these any good to use for coloring in pictures , or just for writing and sketching outlines ?
lets try this again , do you run into the problem of the colors repeating ?
does this set come with a stand or storage case ?
will they write on a black background ?
does anyone know ( for sure ) the point size of these pens ?
how to open the 35 gel pens pack container ?
will this fit a comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii chair ? amazon link comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii oversize leather chair with adjustable headrest , black will this fit a comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii chair ? amazon link comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii oversize leather chair with ... » read more will this fit a comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii chair ?
does this heavy duty cylinder only fit into other `` heavy duty big & tall '' chairs , or is this made to replace the standard ( up to 250 lb ) cylinders ?
will this fit an aeron chair ?
what is weight limit ?
will this fit a staples bosworth big & tall managers chair ?
i 'd also like to know what the weight limit is ... could you please tell us ?
do these sleeves hold up to being used ?
will these protect my debit card and my credit card
ok guys , low tech girl here . description for 5pk vs 10pk diff . do they offer same or diff protection ?
would using a household heavy duty foil work as well ?
has anyone officially tested these ?
is .3 oz the weight of one or of the set ?
does this protect from moisture ?
will these fit inside of a standard hip wallet ?
has anyone else tested these ?
what about passport books ?
what are the five colors required by canon pixma mg 5420 and are they the same five included in this pack ?
i have a canon pixma ip7220 . do these work with that ?
i have an mx922 and i 'm mostly concerned about photo quality . is it the same as using canon ink ?
how about the pixma 5520 please ?
my pixma mg5520 came with ink : 251m , bk , y , c and 250pgbk . are the 250 and 251 ink the same or must i buy the same mix ? will the pictured ink4work 5 pack work for my printer ?
will this ink work with a canon mg5400 series ?
do the cartridges reset the level itself ? or will it still show that it needs to be refilled even after you 've refilled it ?
are these cartridges refillable ?
2014 ?
i need a 2014 refill -- must know if the stock item is in fact a 2014 refill ?
is this the calendar year 2014 refill ? that is what i need to order at this time .
is this for the year 2014 ?
is this a 2014 calendar ?
does this calendar have a storage pocket ? if so , is it plastic or paper ?
doe this have monthly and weekly breakdowns ?
is cover non-flexible , or is it like a hard backed book ?
does it lay flat when opened ?
is this a 2014 calendar ?
is it standable ?
i 'd like to post this calendar on my fridge . does it come with magnets ?
is it quality paper or cheap and flimsy ?
are the days of the week on each month of this calendar ?
are the existing measurement 100 % true ?
is cork board durable ? if not why not ?
is it possible to cut the cork board to a different size or will it fall apart ? also , how thick is the cork ?
what size pins go with it ? would 1 inch pins work ?
can i hang this bulletin board in a different orientation than the photo ?
i bought this and i do n't know how to use the anchors that came with it . any instructions on how other owners installed the board on the wall ?
what are the anchors for ? does it have a wire to hang on a hook ?
what is the width of the frame on this board ? i want hinge two of these together . is it wide enough to allow hinges to be screwed into it ?
is this a real wood frame or plastic ?
will this work with quickbooks checks and windows 7 ?
does it work wirelessly
does it have an internal bluetooth which can communicate with mobile devices ?
does this have a setup disk for the computer ?
does anybody have feedback on this ?
how is the scanning ?
how is the quality printing on photo paper ?
does this printer have a manual feed drawer for custom sized paper ?
will the mfc-9340cdw work with no telephone line connected ?
can you lift up the top of the printer to reveal a flatbed so that it can copy a page from a book ?
did they work well in cooler of ice ? or did you just set them out ?
are these waterproof ?
is there any software template included ? if not , what is the best way to print ?
how do they hold up on ice ? do the labels stay on pretty well without getting soggy ?
are these still water resistant when used with an inkjet printer ?
what sixe water bottle works best with these labels ?
is this cartridge compatible with a d530 d560 ? also , r these starter cartridges ?
what is the shelf life of the cartridge before it has to be used ?
is this just the ink -- or do these also include a new drum ? thnx !
is this compatible with canon mf8280
is it compatibility for canon mf4800 ?
the oem canon 128 cartridge replaces the toner , drum , and development in a single cartridge . do these replace the drum and development also ?
would this be compatible with the dell venue pro 8 in tablet ... .they are very similar in size .
will the keyboard scratch the screen when closed
my keyboard will no longer connect with the tablet . am i missing something , or is this keyboard faulty ?
does it tilt
is this compatible with the samsung galaxy 3 8 '' tablet ?
can you charge the tablet from the keyboard ?
has the magnetic field that has been reported causing problem removed from the unit and replace with non-magnetic ?
how long does the note 8 battery last ?
i want to use this for bow making and also for labels for my hand made items in my etsy shop . is the ink and ribbon cartridge all one piece ?
could you use this machine with a uk ( british ) plug adaptor ? if so , what 's the max min voltage current requirement ?
can this kit machine take a mains adapter ( lead with plug ) power supply ?
is there a list of set of examples of the fonts ? is there a way i can use my own fonts ?
does the ribbon come in different widths ?
can you use other store bought 1 2 '' ribbons to use withis printer ? or you have to supply from your ribbobs inventory ?
can you print regular labels using the appropriate label cartridges or does this machine only work with the ribbon cartridges ?
is the printed ribbon washable ? could you put it in a shirt or use as a sewn in on tag on handmade gifts ?
seller - title and picture shows 4 cartridges - description and some customers say its only the 3 color ones - which is it ?
will these cartridges fit work with an mfc-j875dw ?
what does `` high yield '' really mean ?
are these cartridges compatible with mfc-j470dw ?
can rhe individual cartridges be used separately as the old ones run out ?
lc103 vs lc101
would this fit a refill size of 4.25 x 6.75 inches ?
would day runner 2014 poetica weekly and monthly planner refill , 3.75 x 6.75 inches fit this planner ?
anyone purchased a hole puncher for this planner ? if so which one and where ?
wanted to find out if this organizer has refillable pages . that is , if i wanted to keep this organizer for next year 2015 , where could i order refill
how is it for scanning photos ? will it accept a stack of photos and scan them as individual pdf or jpg files ?
what is the footprint
will this printer take the same ink cartridges that fit the brother mfc-j6910dw ?
does it scan 11x17 ? can it reduce from 11x17 to 8.5 x 11 ( letter size ) ?
are copies held in a stack as they come out , or do they drop onto the desk ?
can the trays be loaded with 8 1 2 x 11 and 11 x 17 paper respectively ?
how high is the scan quality resolution ?
does it print 65 lb and 110 lb cardstock ?
does this printer allow me to print , for example , an invoice from the top tray then simultainously switch to the bottom tray to print a shipping label ?
does it have speed dial ?
how many calls can be blocked
does 2 extenders work
is there a speaker on the hand set ?
can i buy another handset for this phone ?
do any of the 3 auxiliary handset stands charge the phone , i.e. , are they connected to electrical power , or are they just holders ?
i see that some of these devices have the ability to do scanning on wifi and or usb ... does this have the same feature ?
what size sheets can be scanned ?
can you can both sheet paper and books ?
what is the max length & width of the documents it is able to scan ?
can i use this without a computer when traveling and plug it into a computer when i return to transfer the images ?
has anyone tried charging this from a usb adapted plug to ac outlet ? what did you use ?
does this product require connecting to `` the cloud '' to use ?
when you use it on sd mode , do you hear a slight noise by putting your ear next to the slot ? also , the left bottom of the scanner is it a bit hot ?
i have a brother mfc-9340cdw- it says that it takes tn221 series yet description doesnt list my model number . will these work ?
i would like to order.. but i need to know if the items are high yield ? nothing is listed in the description ? but it shows high yield on the box ?
there is another item on here that is genuine brother toner 5-pack , for less cost than this . has anyone bought that and know how they compare ? maybe that one has less and this more ? or are they exactly the same ? anyone know ?
are these standard yield or high yield cartridges ?
why would you buy this ? the cost of a new printer ( with cartriges ) is $ 299 . some one explain the math to me . i am baffled .
can you confirm this order includes 4 x black cartridges , 4x cyan , 4x yellow and 4x magenta ? or does the 4-pack only include 1 cartridge of each ?
how many pages are these good for ?
do these cartridges expire or go bad after a certain period of time ?
how is the picture quality
says it auto prints two sided , but can you easily set it to print one sided ?
can you copy form glass ?
how long does the ink last and is it expensive to replace ?
if the machine is out of ink will the scan option still work ?
must you purchase ink from epson or can you use generic ink with this printer ?
does this have a cd writer ?
what cash rdrawer is compatible with square swivel stand
i have a square stand and ipad . do i need to get a printer in order for the cash drawer to automatically open ?
this drawer comes with cable for printer ? if yes what kinda cable ?
does this come with the 5bill x 5coin till ?
do i need a cable to connect this to the square register stand or do i only need a cable to connect to the printer ?
i bought this cash drawer to work with a square reader stand . is there a cable made to plug interface cable to usb port ?
does the insert come out and can you buy another if it does ? would like to have two shifts with pre counted drawer
is there a pocket clip for the handset ?
how is the sound quality on the handset and the base . is it loud and clear .
can you connect a land line and 2 cell lines simultaneously ? if so , can can you talk simultaneously on any combination of two lines ?
i know it 's link to cell via bluetooth , but is there bluetooth headset capability ?
how fast is the shredding speed ?
will it shred cardboard ?
how big is it ?
does it handle staples
will this shredder take care of stickers ? you know , the kind that charities send you to encourage a contribution ?
i know there are shredders that do not require oil , does this one require oil ?
would a regular usb cord work with this printer ?
would a regular usb cord work with this printer ? and what brand and number ink cartridges should i get for the printer ?
i followed the direction and tried several times , but why the yellow light was keeping blinking ? did i miss anything ?
ok ... . now i am confused ! so you need a usb cord with it ? is that for set up ? is this printer a wireless printer or not ?
fax ?
does the printer come with any ink ? if no what type of ink will i need to purchase for the printer ?
does the scanner come with the black mat ?
when it scans the two pages of an open book , does the software convert that to two pdf pages , or are you stuck with one wide pdf page ?
how portable is this machine ?
does it work with mac yet ?
what power source does it use ? i may need to use it overseas ( 220v ) . is the power unit built-in or a separate multi-voltage `` brick '' ?
can you scan sheet music ? is there alignment problems ?
what is the maximum size you can have the book ? i lbros i want to scan very large . 23 in ?
does the fujitsu brand scan to pdf ?
does it come with all requisite cables and cords ?
is this scanner works on 220 volt 50hz ?
does this scanner scan to pdf format ?
does this scanner ( fi-7160 ) work with fujitsu 's scansnap software ?
is this scanner twain compliant ?
what are people 's experience with compatible inks vs. canon inks ? is there any down-side ?
does this printer have a sd memory card slot ? i need to be able to print using a sd card ?
does the pixma i8720 handle card stock well ?
can you print greeting cards ?
but must verify . can it print via non wireless direct to computer connection ?
does the printer software support 12x12 paper size ?
has anyone tried printing this with different sized cardstock ? is it known if it can handle an 80 lb thickness ?
is this the new required cms 1500 hcfa form required by anthem blue cross ? filled out by hand ? can be faxed ? tips for filling out ? caught off guard
does this form work with office ally ?
do you have to hand write onto these forms or is there a computer template that you can type into and then print the forms from the printer ?
i usually have filled by hand . in order to print does n't my computer need a template to use to fill in ?
does each form have printing on both sides ?
does this item provide a duplicate copy ?
is the size of the stamp appropriate for endorsing checks ?
i need a stamp to use with my signature plus my id of 11 numbers all to fit in a space of length 2 1 2 inches by height 1 2 inch . would this work ?
we would be looking for 2 separate stamps . would you be able to separate ?
does the stamped image look like you signed with a felt tip pen ( ie : a little thicker ) or is it a fine line like a ballpoint pen ?
i am trying to find a basic extra bold typed named stamp , one line only , for a dev disabled , legally blind adult to use as her name stamp . which one ?
many stamps leave more than just the signature behind . does this stamp leave small remnants of a black inked border around the signature itself ?
does this have speed dial ?
does the phone have unique ringtones for each directory listing ?
does it have a wall mount bracket ?
how long is the cord ?
is it possible to plug a headset into the phone ?
does the second holder charge the phone ?
how does the duplex scanning feature work for you ?
why wo n't this printer take 110 lb card stock if it is advertised it will ? does hp need to revise the paper grabbing wheels ?
how often do you have to change cartridges ?
has anyone tried the estorage print app ?
does the office jet pro 8620 have excellent photo quality printing ? can i print photographs directly from my digital camera ? will the photographs look as good as the local photo shop or drug store ?
what 's big difference this 8620 vs previous model 8600 plus ?
what is the dimensions of this printer
dimensions , weight
will the printer autoselect the paper size between the trays ?
would like to know if the hp8630 uses the color ink to print black ?
when you scan a document with multiple pages , does it result in a single pdf document or multiple individual pages .
has anyone else had a problem with the black print being too light ?
does it print envelopes well ?
