expiration date ?
do you have the ti-89 manual that was printed in 1998 and has 557 pages in new condition ?
are these cartridges in mylar packing ? do you have 30 of them ?
does it work only with transparencies or also with normal book pages ?
is it easy to use ?
how to specify i need 11x17 tray feed . monochrome only , new toner cartridge ?
are these archival safe for scrapbooking ?
is this label preforated
will this printer work with windows 8.1
what grade paper do you have to use ?
can you tell me if there is a space inside to hold a small calculator ?
is there an incline to the storage section ?
can this be used with a laser printer ?
are they top loading ?
how many sets in a box ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
what years are listed on the stickers ?
we currently have a okidata 320 turbo tractor feed printer . this says it is the newer one . does it print faster and is it compatiable ?
my rail will not hold anything . is there supposed to be something on the inside of the track to hold things ?
is this effective on carpet ?
is it hard wired and analog or a voip phone
does it have `` end of roll '' markings on the paper to warn you when the roll is almost out of paper ?
dimentions ?
does the small basket get in the way when you are pulling the basket behind you ? does it bump up against you ?
compare with i-83
length of wall cord
is this product `` paper thin '' ?
does the hp 10bii+ financial calculator come with a user 's guide ?
can this scan legal size paper ?
does this pen come with ink catridge for first time use ? should i buy the ink refills when buying the pen ?
does this printer have the optional network port ?
will this fit my hp laser jet 1320
i need a wireless printer . is this wireless ?
dumb question : does the 4 x 6 measurement include the tabs ? i.e. , would the tab portion be higher than a 4x6 photo or index card ?
has anyone successfully used these for legal size files ?
is this printer compatable with apple mavericks operating system .
cursor control is a top concern for me . how well does it work for you ?
does it have the manual ?
how many extension can i get with this system ?
paper weight can this scanner be used with a heavy weight paper ?
the amazon unit is listed as `` label manager 450 '' . on the dymo web site it is listed as `` label manager 450d '' . what is difference ?
i want to use this indoors . to be precise in the shower . does it smell ? can you walk barefoot on it ?
is there a glue brush attached to the lid , like in the `` olden days '' ?
why does this model ( from what i 've seen ) experience frequent carriage jam issues ?
does this pack come with the pattern book ?
what is the differance between the kx-tg4500 and the kx-tg4500b ?
do all hp 12c calculators have cash flow analysis ?
description says `` product dimensions : 24 x 13.2 x 27.5 inches '' . which dimension is the length ?
installation
would this be a good size to mail dvds in cases ? how long to received in ny ?
where is this made ?
is the side table adjustable to be placed on the right side of the desk ( as opposed to left side as shown )
hoy does the hp50g ranking as a financial calculator ?
can you use two phones at once on the same skype account ? and , can you use a skype usb phone at the same time ?
how long does this take to dry ? i 've mixed it 50 50 and applied it . what now ?
i 'm looking to sell a few things on ebay . how many shirts on average can be fit inside ? as well , how many paperback books ?
the thickness or mil of the plastic ? is it 2 mil or 2.4 or ?
i have a pixma 810 and i 've used it to view slides i 'm told that it is not compatible with my newer hp computer with with windows 8.can anyone help ?
do these have an adhesive on the back that allows the pouch to be stuck to flat surfaces ?
does this have wireless networking ?
i want to set this frame on my desktop to file as i go throughout each day . would that work or does this have to go inside the file cabinet ?
how many are in a box ?
is it better than fx 4500 pa pv ?
does the brass peel off ?
does this read out to the hundredths of a pound , or just tenths of a pound ?
my dymo discpainter is periodically dragging and smearing the ink on the disc . is it fixable or should i try and find another one ?
do these cartridges come with ink ?
does it lock in the open position ?
can this be hung on the wall ? that is , stick to the wall without the magnet ?
does this have wireless by chance ? or can i install wireless ability some how ?
how many keys come with this ?
how can you place calls ?
when the results are 5.50 , will the calculator display this or 5.5 ?
mx700 compatible
using adf to scan photos i 'm looking for a solution to scan all my pre-digital era photos . has anyone used the adf functionality to scan stacks of photos ?
can you hear the keypad tones when you are dialing ?
i want to print ingredient labels for hand make goat milk soaps . is this possible .
could i put my company name and info instead of library of ?
can this be stuck to the wall without causing any damage to the wall itself ?
does this phone have cisco or polycom software ?
can any paper work
is this device supported on windows 7 , or 8.1 ?
does it come with charger and batteries ?
i have the 2-line panasonic ( model kx-tg9322 ) base but do n't need 2-lines for extension handsets . will this extension ( kx-tg930t ) work with my base ?
are they perforated ?
what is the inside dimension of the product ?
is the lead erasable ?
how do you add more lead ?
do i need a lip on my desk for this stand to work , i have a corner desk and the lip is not where i want to put my monitors , i have the wire holes
what is the size
does this kit include the software needed to prepare the forms ?
what is the height underneath the shelf and what is the length between the feet ?
can this item be used outside ?
does this come with a lid ?
is this correct for making cards
how high , in inches , is the base with wheels ?
how many are in a box ?
hi ! could this be used outdoors ?
it is 110v ? or work overseas ?
how much clearance do the feet casters need ? could you take off the casters to fit under lower chair ? how big is the smaller lower of the two sections
what is the non-skid material is it foam or cork ?
i this this for school to ?
can you charge an ipad on the usb ? can you use a small hard drive on the powered usb ?
does this scanner make each negative a separate file , or does it make it one and i have to crop each slide ?
how long is the string ?
is there a way to remove this product from the back of tile that had been in my bathroom ?
what 's the max . adjustable height to the center of the top pair vesa mounts from where the pole starts at the base mount ?
is this very portable ? if i go to the library at school and then back to my house , is it easy to carry or a burden ?
is it come with the filler ?
we are having trouble with connection through a cinder block wall about 50 feet from the base . just started after 9 months of use . any suggestions ?
what color is this printer stand ?
after i replaced the black yellow , the cyran magellan said there was a problem . whoy
how long will it last ? does this have a fine point ? what type of refill does it take ( spr4f or 64003 ) ?
what does alignment failed ?
can you scan multiple pages to one pdf file ?
does it use regular staples ?
how do you switch between leads to change colors ?
how does wireless scanning work ? i 'm thinking of getting this printer for wireless printing and scanning to any of my 3 computers ( 2 macs and 1 pc ) . i currently have a 4 year old hp usb printer hooked up to an airport express for wireless printing . with that setup i can print wirelessly but i ca n't scan without going usb to a computer.can this printer scan wirelessly ? if it can , will the scan only show up on one of the computers ( i 'm guessing one i setup as main ) or any of the three connected or all three ? how would this be managed ?
how do you access voicemail on this phone ?
can you fit 8x11 '' documents in this safe without having to fold them ? what are the interior dimensions ?
is this an all metal stand ?
can i use these with stamps.com ? are they compatible with netstamps labels ?
i would like to purchase a spare ink converter . which waterman ink converter should i buy for this pen ?
is there a logo on the back of the label ?
can you use it in the car ?
can i transfer calls between multiple base units ?
this ink is for propalcote paper ?
to be clear : the cordless handset has a port for a headset ? or is it on the base ?
does yealink sip-t22p come with a power supply ?
printing 4x6 's my last hp psc would print 4x6 's only from the memory card . does anyone know if this hp photosmart all-in-one wireless prints them from other places such as picture programs ?
is the tip a 4mm ? does any one know ?
is the the 2013 version of the 1096 form still ?
could you use this to just cut 2 '' strips ?
is this guarrenteed to work ?
do these posters meet 2015 guidelines ?
do this printer print disk and how many disk .
can a 14 '' tall cpu tower fit on the bottom shelf ?
does it have an audible message alert ?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users . that way you can scan from two different pcs ?
how many pages is there in the journal ?
is this phone approximately the same weight as the standard western electric 2500 set ?
it works with free pbx ?
will these fit in the zenith 548 stapler ?
i need a scanner to take to the library and use with my macbook pro . is this portable ? if not the best , any recommendations ?
will this laptop stand hold a 17 in computer
does it scan and save multiple page documents ? does it feed pages ?
where can i find the windows 7 driver ?
what is the height range - can the bottom of the monitor lower to 3 inches from the desk , and elevate to 15 inches from the desk for sit to stand ?
mac compatible ?
can it print envelopes ? can envelopes be fed individually ?
can you get 4 credit cards and some cash in it or is it just for one card ?
how wide is the tray ?
please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , or are assorted , but what it does n't tell you is that you have no chance of getting the colors as pictured . please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , ... » read more please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , or are assorted , but what it does n't tell you is that you have no chance of getting the colors as pictured . « show less
is this stand sturdy enough to hold a small home printer ?
how do you customize your stamp ? when i click to add it to cart and check out i never get asked what initials , address , or color i want ?
how can you scan several pages to be in one attachment ?
how do i install this printer ?
is this a high back chair ? is the back high enough to rest my head neck on it ? or does the back cut you in the middle of your spine ?
is this lcd screen as sharp and crisp as in a typical casio scientific calculator ?
will i have space for a mouse with a 15 inch laptop ?
do i have to set up a phonebook on each phone ?
can i replace short handset cord easily with a longer one by just pluging into handset ?
is there a trick to get this thing to power on ? or is it just my bad luck that the scanner was delivered doa ?
how much does he stand elevate the laptop ?
what is the resolution - megapixels ?
where can i get an instruction manual for this product ?
can i mount the arm on a different pole ?
does this compatible with brother mfc-7360n ?
does this phone system have the capability of blocking certain numbers or area codes ?
how does one delete a scan in vuescan ? specifically from the `` preview scan window area ?
does it accept memory cards , like those from a camera ?
will it work in kitchen cabintet if place a 23 '' playwood circle to store dry goods ?
good evening , please tell me what number this printer cartridge ?
i have a glass desk . will this mount support the weight of two monitors without damaging the clamped area ?
will all of my existing pdf documents ( scanned with a different scanner ) import into the doxie software with all of the ocr features ?
does the planner also have a monthly travel expense record ?
is it dry erase friendly
would fountain pens fit in to the holders ?
i assume this does n't work in bulkhead seats ?
what is the size of this item ?
my computer died and the online manuel went with it . could you send me the website ?
can it be wall mounted ?
do you make any of these 24 '' deep ?
where can i find a trouble-shooting guide ?
how do i set it up for a wireless connection ?
can they print a colored logo . ours is red and black . if not , has anyone used the watermark logo ?
can this phone be used with a regular landline ?
$ 25.99 & free shipping for 1 set ( 8 pieces ) of the epson 159 inks ?
what is the biggest text that can be held by the stand ?
how do i get my ink levels to show
will the 4020 run under win 8.1 ?
what is a valu pack
how can i get to use more then half the ink before it shut done replacing ink cartrige less then 100 pages
does it not come with any toner cartage to operate it ? do i must purchase the bundle ( frequently bought together ) to operate it ?
length of warrantee
can anyone tell me if i can use this printer to print images with sublimation ink to heat press onto t-shirts ?
can this do 2-sided scanning ?
have you used these labels w a laser printer ?
can you use this with max os 10.8.2 ? i ca n't figure out how to set this up .
itsposible buy justmagenta and yellow ? thans
does this phone have talking caller i.d ?
what are the dimensions of the top right shelf , will it hold a printer ?
is the canon p-215 compatible with windows 7 & windows 8 ?
will this do that ? or is the data erased after printing ?
i am confused as to how this process works.do i add to my empty epson cart or do i have to also buy a special cartridge ? wf 3520
is it a 110 or 240 volts printer ?
is this item on wheels ?
will this work with other currencies ? or just dollars ?
is printer compatible with windows 8.1 ?
are these compatible with samsung galaxy note 2 ?
do letter-sized hanging files actually hang from something ?
how many pencils does this fit ?
are these cartridges sealed in the original packaging ?
how many numbers can be programmed into the phone book ?
how many vertical lines per page ?
is there a warranty that comes with the purchase
will letter sized file folders fit in the pockets ?
is the is the entire base metal , including where the wheels insert ?
does this phone have a headset jack for wired headsets ?
how many labels come for each room ? are they pre printed , or blank ?
i wanted to know if i would be able to fit an external keyboard between the legs of the stand ?
is there supposed to be more than one sheet ?
does it have to be always that same paper or can i use other brands ?
can you use a `` carrier '' with this machine ?
what is the size of the paper feeder
i read 2 items i do n't understand.the dock will not take an 81 2 x 11 sheet of paper ? you ca n't use the dock unless you have it hooked to a computer ?
what are the smallest and largest diameter circles ?
is it windows 8 compatible ?
is it genuine epson ?
i assume this is improperly labeled ? on amazon this is listed as lc1053 , but the picture says lc105m . does this ever worry anyone else ?
will it print on plain paper or does it require laser-quality paper ?
what are the dimensions ? none of these tell you in { inches & feet ) how large or small they are ?
i purchased this , and then returned it . i found that it cut the bottom of my slides off . no matter what i did , i could not get it to scan the entire slide . has anyone else had this problem ?
static with this phone . unable to hear incoming callers . any suggestions ?
does the binder have a small flap or pocket for a business card or note ?
how do you reset the cartriges ?
i have an officejet 620e . i 'm not familiar with the term new generation . will this cartridge work in my printer ?
has anyone had success with a non-brother adapter ?
does it have a scanner ?
i want to get the ink value pack plus the additional black and gray cartridges , but the value pack does n't say xl and someone said that is what i need
can i use it as a writing platform over my desk at work to decrease tension on my neck ?
does this unit come with the stapler ?
does it use 8 x10 paper ? or smaller ?
does this device support english ?
can this printer print , copy , scan without a computer ?
from which date do these pages begin ?
how many slide holders are in the box ?
does caller id show up while on a call ?
can it scan negatives and slides ?
what year is the calendar planner for ?
4x5.5 is including or excluding the adhesive strip ? how wide is the adhesive strip ?
is this able to hold a lcd monitor ?
can i buy replacement colors ?
will this fit a comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii chair ? amazon link comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii oversize leather chair with adjustable headrest , black will this fit a comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii chair ? amazon link comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii oversize leather chair with ... » read more will this fit a comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii chair ?
do these sleeves hold up to being used ?
what are the five colors required by canon pixma mg 5420 and are they the same five included in this pack ?
2014 ?
is this for the year 2014 ?
is this a 2014 calendar ?
are the existing measurement 100 % true ?
will this work with quickbooks checks and windows 7 ?
does anybody have feedback on this ?
did they work well in cooler of ice ? or did you just set them out ?
is this cartridge compatible with a d530 d560 ? also , r these starter cartridges ?
would this be compatible with the dell venue pro 8 in tablet ... .they are very similar in size .
i want to use this for bow making and also for labels for my hand made items in my etsy shop . is the ink and ribbon cartridge all one piece ?
seller - title and picture shows 4 cartridges - description and some customers say its only the 3 color ones - which is it ?
would this fit a refill size of 4.25 x 6.75 inches ?
how is it for scanning photos ? will it accept a stack of photos and scan them as individual pdf or jpg files ?
does it have speed dial ?
i see that some of these devices have the ability to do scanning on wifi and or usb ... does this have the same feature ?
i have a brother mfc-9340cdw- it says that it takes tn221 series yet description doesnt list my model number . will these work ?
how is the picture quality
what cash rdrawer is compatible with square swivel stand
is there a pocket clip for the handset ?
how fast is the shredding speed ?
would a regular usb cord work with this printer ?
does the scanner come with the black mat ?
does the fujitsu brand scan to pdf ?
what are people 's experience with compatible inks vs. canon inks ? is there any down-side ?
is this the new required cms 1500 hcfa form required by anthem blue cross ? filled out by hand ? can be faxed ? tips for filling out ? caught off guard
is the size of the stamp appropriate for endorsing checks ?
does this have speed dial ?
how does the duplex scanning feature work for you ?
dimensions , weight
