i did n't receipt the cartridges in it 's original box , then i do n't know expiration date . i 've used just one of them and it works good . sometimes these date is only for assurance and the cartridge works good a lot of time more .
no , i wish i did .
yes it in mylar packing , i only have 2
transparencies only .
very easy . i am usually really terrible with math , but i had no trouble with this calculator .
the laserjet 5000n is 11x17 capable we do also sell new msc toners for this unit your cost will be 52.00 for the toner this is the high yield toner ( 10,000 pages ) the new toner would ship separate thanks ed
no where on the package or on the inserted instructions does it say `` acid free '' , so i am inclined to say these are not archival safe . i myself use them in multimedia art projects . they print up beautifully . i seal my images with aileen 's matte spray sealer after printing .
the labels are perforated and easy to seperate
you 'll have to get a driver . here 's a link that will help http : answers.microsoft.com en-us windows forum windows_8-hardware printer-not-recognized-by-windows-8 fbda9046-0066-4cef-9063-36634f9913e4if you are n't able to copy and paste the link , the google search i 've used for this situation iskxp 1150 for windows 8 driver and look for the microsoft answers . while you can go to the panasonic site for the driver , you will need to use the microsoft answers site to get the driver to load in compatibility mode . good luck .
any grade works
there is no pocket for a calculator but you could put one in the clear plastic envelope pocket
there 's no incline . it 's all on the same level .
no
yes
there are 50 times the five individual sheets , or 50 sets worth . they are not packed in sets . hopes this helps .
lower edge : 2 3 4 inchwidest : 3 inchesupper edge : 2 1 8 inchtop-to-bottom : 1 1 8 inchesinserts : 2 inches
2013 2014 2015 2016
the 320 has 3 speeds that can be controlled with the buttons on the face or by the program . hsd is the fastest . utl is in the middle . nlq ( near letter quality ) is the slowest.the ml420 is a little faster and has 4 speeds.the other 2 responses are right on with their comments.if you are printing a lot of pages one page after another a laser printer is faster and quitter but the cost per page and the time of maintaining the printer will go up dramatically . the life of a laser printer is less then a forth of the life of a ml .
there should be white plastic rollers inside , which apply the pressure needed to hold the papers , etc . mine work great , so perhaps you received a defective item .
yes , but wo n't you wo n't be able to move it with your foot on carpet
hard wired
yes , there are red lines to indicate nearing end of roll .
16 '' wide , 17 '' deep and about 4.5 '' tall .
i have had no problem like that at all and it is handy when you need some place to put a purse , jacket , water bottle and so on
it 's a lot easier to use . the ti-83 requires the user to remember a lot more . it uses parentheticals to enter data , so the user must enter the required data in the required order , but there is no prompt . the ti-84 gives prompts for required data points such as mean , median , z-scores , critical values , etc . it also has more data packages than the 83 , so less work has to be done manually . i 'm kind of glad my 83 crapped out so i had to replace it ! : -p hope that helps .
the cord is black on the red phone and it is an inch shy of 7 feet . you can replace it with any r11 cord , so you can extend the length to any size you want or make it any color - tan , white , clear - whatever .
it 's pretty thin . i 've never tried using it to mount copy paper to copy paper though . i would look on the 3m website for the answer to this question . they may have an even better product for the purpose you 've described .
a much more extensive , 187-page manual is available for download on the hp website . it offers a lot more information on how to solve for various equations than the user guide that comes with the calculator : http : h20565.www2.hp.com portal site hpsc template.binaryportlet public kb docdisplay resource.process ? spf_p.tpst=kbdocdisplay_ws_bi &spf; _p.rid_kbdocdisplay=docdisplayresurl &javax.portlet.begcachetok; =com.vignette.cachetoken &spf; _p.rst_kbdocdisplay=wsrp-resourcestate % 3ddocid % 253demr_na-c02989763-1 % 257cdoclocale % 253den_us & javax . ; portlet.endcachetok=com.vignette.cachetokeni also recommend buying the kaplan schweser book `` understanding your financial calculator , '' which contains step-by-step instructions for 10bii+ users to solve various financial equations . a much more extensive , 187-page manual is available for download on the hp website . it offers a lot more information on how to solve for various equations than the user guide that comes with the calculator : http : h20565.www2.hp.com portal site hpsc template.binaryportlet public kb docdisplay resource.process ? spf_p.tpst=kbdocdisplay_ws_bi &spf; _p.rid_kbdocdisplay=docdisplayresurl &javax.portlet.begcachetok; =com.vignette.cachetoken &spf; _p.rst_kbdocdisplay=wsrp-resourcestate % 3ddocid % 253demr_na-c02989763-1 % 257cdoclocale % 253den_us & javax . ; portlet.end ... » read more a much more extensive , 187-page manual is available for download on the hp website . it offers a lot more information on how to solve for various equations than the user guide that comes with the calculator : http : h20565.www2.hp.com portal site hpsc template.binaryportlet public kb docdisplay resource.process ? spf_p.tpst=kbdocdisplay_ws_bi &spf; _p.rid_kbdocdisplay=docdisplayresurl &javax.portlet.begcachetok; =com.vignette.cachetoken &spf; _p.rst_kbdocdisplay=wsrp-resourcestate % 3ddocid % 253demr_na-c02989763-1 % 257cdoclocale % 253den_us & javax . ; portlet.endcachetok=com.vignette.cachetokeni also recommend buying the kaplan schweser book `` understanding your financial calculator , '' which contains step-by-step instructions for 10bii+ users to solve various financial equations . « show less
yes , but you ca n't duplex legal size paper . only single sided .
this pen comes stock with a cartridge . there is a small cardboard collar that you remove , which then allows the cartridge to seat . the converter is about five dollars . if you go that route , do not forget to buy ink ( mont blanci is great , and you can refil the spiffy , very stable bottle when it is empty ) .
yes , i believe so , even though i did n't hook it up on a network ( soho ) . the output of the printer status states that the network is disabled , which i interpret as a software setting issue rather than capabilities .
yes , it should . the q5949a works in my hp laser jet 1320 .
do n't know . we have a cable to ours.sorry .
it is 3 8 '' higher , measurement at tab is 4 3 8 '' .
i have not .
i upgraded to mavericks several months ago and did n't have any problems with my hl-2040 printer .
it works fine on my remote
no
not with this one ! max is 24. look into an ip phone system at that point .
one more thought though . my statement about the hp scanner is misleading . true for full page receipts , but unlike most flatbed scanners this one only scans the receipt , not a full page of nothing . a small receipt , like from a gas station pump , scans in a few seconds .
i am not sure , but the box says 450d . if i had to guess i would guess the d refers to the d1 tape cartridges it uses .
it smells like rubber . it works well in my garage to provide a cushion while standing on concrete , and hoses clean very easily . i do n't think it would be comfortable in bare feet , as it is rather firm with fairly large drain holes .
yes . it works well
depends on how much you print . i have seen from a prior model that the rubber rollers wear out . you can try and clean them with rubbing alcohol and a q ( wait until it evaporates
no
edward ... it 's been too long ago ... i really do n't know the difference now ... i will say that the system did n't last very long ... it was the first time that a panasonic product let me down ... hope this is helpful ... walt .
previous answers are correct . the platinum model adds evaluation of bonds to the rest of the set of financial functions . also has a couple new user friendly features such as the ability to delete single numbers during data entry to protect you from `` fat finger '' mistakes .
the length ( front to back ) is 27.5 '' .
we could n't get it assembled . the screws just flew out of place . i therefore can not assist you with installation . good luck
if you are just mailing the dvd in a small case yes . check the measurements of your case to verify . i mail cds all the time and they withstand the postal service .
germany
yes just turn the table around so that it is on the right side . i have mine that way .
overkill , plus it depends on your technical level . the nice thing about overkill is : if there is a formula you want to solve for then there is a way to write a program for it . or , just write the formula and plug the formula into the solver . it does n't matter at all if the calculator has the formulas built in or not . the 50g is one of the those ( if not the most ) flexible handheld calculator on the market today . downside is : you have to learn how to use it and then how to program it ( or know somebody who does . ) and the way you use it is different - better imvho - but different.if all you are looking for is doing npv and a few other simple calculations , then you really want to look at the 12c model . hp 12c financial calculator ( though that calculator has a learning curve , also . ) overkill , plus it depends on your technical level . the nice thing about overkill is : if there is a formula you want to solve for then there is a way to write a program for it . or , just write the formula and plug the formula into the solver . it does n't matter at all if the calculator has the formulas built in or not . the 50g is one of the those ( if not the most ) flexible handheld calculator on the market today . downside is : you have to learn how to use it and then how to program it ( or know somebody who does . ) and the way you use it is different - better imvho - but different.if all ... » read more overkill , plus it depends on your technical level . the nice thing about overkill is : if there is a formula you want to solve for then there is a way to write a program for it . or , just write the formula and plug the formula into the solver . it does n't matter at all if the calculator has the formulas built in or not . the 50g is one of the those ( if not the most ) flexible handheld calculator on the market today . downside is : you have to learn how to use it and then how to program it ( or know somebody who does . ) and the way you use it is different - better imvho - but different.if all you are looking for is doing npv and a few other simple calculations , then you really want to look at the 12c model . hp 12c financial calculator ( though that calculator has a learning curve , also . ) « show less
skype is a similar to an im client . where ever you are logged in , it sends the message there . skype allows multiple logins , so you can use both your skype usb phone and this wifi skype phone at the same time with the same account . when you are called , both phones will ring . yet , you could have ten of them in every room in house and they all will ring ... but only one phone can complete the call . you ca n't be on the same call from two different sources .
i believe the instructions say let cure overnight depending upon weather conditions
i just checked & it fits about 2 men 's medium weight xl t-shirts without stretching the plastic & 2 paperback 500 page books no bigger than 6x9 '' with room for thin bubble wrap . shirts & books not at the same time ofcourse ! : ) plastic is thin so package reinforce appropriately .
i think it s more like a 1.5mil . but it is super strong . i 've had no complaints from my customers and have actually received very good feedback that my fabric is `` nicely packaged '' . super light so it definitely helps with shipping cost .
windows 8 is simply an extension of windows 7 in many respects . download the windows 7 print driver for the canon pixma mp810 . it should work fine .
no , just the laminate pouch .
it does not . the ql-1070 does . however , if you have a wireless device , such as an airport express , you can make it wireless . i have my ql-1050 connected to an airport express through the usb port and i wirelessly print without any problems !
it could work , its a little flimsy only because it 's just two end pieces and the little metal pieces for the sides that make it fit together but if you get it screwed together tightly i think it would work for you . i used mine in the drawers , they are also made to be customized to fit if they are too long for the drawer . hope that helps !
i have the red labels and there are 100 per box .
i used to have 4500p and i really loved its programming mode . i would rather buy it .
no , it has n't come off . however , i 've had to retire the phone as it was broken during some furniture moving . drat . but i was really very well-pleased with it 's appearance . it has a nice heft to it .
it purports to read out in hundredths of a pound , but i can tell you that when you put less than a pound on the scale it does n't register at all . i was trying to measure something i knew to weigh several ounces , and it still read `` 0.00 '' . that leads me to conclude that any numbers to the right of the decimal on this scale really are n't reliable , because it simply is not that precise .
no longer available , epson 700 has disc printing capability for $ 100. plus it prints and scans too
yes . you might be thinking of `` bulk '' ink that is sold for use in self-filling these cartridges ; i have used that too , with mixed results . but this is a `` bulk '' set of cartridges , multiples of each color . thanks for asking .
when pulled out all the way , yes it does lock in position .
it is very poorly made and has no built in way to either hang it on a wall or magnetically stick it to a metal surface . this is accomplished by use of double sticky tape to stick the 4 magnetic strips ( included ) to the back of the board . the sticky tape could also be used to mount it to your wall but would ruin your wall when removed . if you plan to hang on your wall , i would suggest using something like command products to protect your walls .
now this is obsolete and only usb ( not network and not wifi ) . i recomend epson wf series.cheers .
2
turn on the speaker and set you bluetooth on your phone . it will automatically link it . after that you can call every time from your phone when you flip open the speaker
it displays 5.5
yes it is compatible with canon pixma mx700 . we have used this ink in our canon pixma mx700 for a couple years .
i tried , but the photos sometimes fed crooked ( ly ) through the feeder . i did the test with `` expendable '' photos . what have you found ?
yes you can . it 's not loud but you can hear the buttons you push .
absolutely . font size 6 is the smallest legible in my opinion , and you can put 9 lines on the 1.1 in tape or 20 lines on the 2.4 in . so , unless you have hundreds of ingredients , this printer should work for you .
you probably can go to any engraver avd have a plate made to specs i believe . i do n't think it would be hard or exurban e timid . hard timid
i bought this for my dorm . i bought command strips for it because we are not allowed to use nails . i have n't had a problem with damage !
cisco
yes as long as it is thick enough to slide in .
the device does not include pc software . purchasable software does exist to work with the device on windows 7 .
yes , base is a charger and it does come with batteries .
yes , mine was compatible
not perforated but they seperate easy enough . i had no problem with them .
it is 22 3 4 '' l x 10 '' w x 3 15 16 '' h. i have n't seen a keyboard that would n't fit .
yes
try pulling the plunger button , then there might be an eraser stopper , pull that out as well ? i did n't have to yet , but that is usually the way to do it on most mechanical pencils .
the stand is free-standing - you can place it anywhere on a table or desk . it 's been very stable for me .
8 1 4 '' length x 6 3 4 '' width
no . just the forms
the height from the desk to the bottom of the shelf is 7.5 '' . the distance between the legs is approximately 18.25 '' .
we have this mounted on our front porch . it is protected from direct rain and sun . it might rust eventually if you have it out in the elements but it works great for people to drop things off for us in a secure place when we are not home .
hi , ms. j.the cart does not include a lid ; it 's open-top , like a milk crate.this thing is surprisingly strong , if not abused . i like mine . thanks for your query.michaelsan diego
i wanted it for printing 'rack ' cards on my color laser printer . the toner ink did not dry fast enough so they came out smeared .
i have one , i think the space under your couch must be 3 inches at lest . my couch have only two inches so i remove or not put the wheels and my table is ok maybe better for me . from wheels to table is 25 inches but you can elevate this table , for me this buy was ok
12
mine is on my garage wall outside . it has held up w no warping or discoleration . this is not an actual slate chalkboard , rather some type of dark man made surface rough enough to use chalj upon . hope this helps .
110v not really heavy duty ,
you will need about 2 '' clearance for the feet . you could take off the casters and fit it under a lower chair . the smaller tray is about a foot wide . the tables also swivel to adjust in different positions . you may use each table interchangeably depending on the size of your equipment .
neither . it 's kind of a brushed heavy cardboard . it 's not foam and it 's not cork , but it works fine .
yes it is good
yes to both . the usb 3.0 is the best part about this stand . it is faster and more reliable than other usb hubs i have owned .
hi , alex . this scanner will make individual files of each image ; for instance , if i scan a negative strip with four pictures on it , the scanner will ultimately make four files . if you 're on facebook , check out my page harrison photo restoration & archival service . it shows a considerable amount of the work i 've done with this scanner , including 'before and after ' images . i love this scanner and think it 's amazing .
about 5 '' long
if you really want to use the tile again , i recommend you hire an expert to remove it ... and the glue . hope this helps !
the central pole extends 28 inches above the desk surface it sits on . assuming you trust the the stability of the object it 's mounted to , you should be able to adjust the top monitors to be centered approximately 27.5 inches above the desk surface .
the stand folds up flat against the back , but the shelf the book sits on does not , so it 's a little bit bulky and would have to be carried in a canvas shopping bag or soft briefcase along with your books . it weighs three pounds . it 's a very good product . amazon has an excellent return policy , so i suggest go ahead and order it so you can see it with your own hands .
no , just the ink
sounds like interference , not the wall . did you add change wi-fi routers , cable modems , electric appliances , etc around the time this started ?
it could be best described as somewhere between off-white and very light grey ( white with a tint of grey ) .
apparently that is the nature of this printer as i had to do the same after i 'd replaced the black yellow printhead , also replace the magenta cyan printhead . i hope this helps , dave .
i am a full time college student and i use my space pen ( bullet ) every day in every class . its simply wonderful . i can usually use an entire cartridge in about one year . keep in mind that i use it daily . i 'm also forgetful sometimes and the pen makes it through the washing machine , but does n't bleed onto my clothes . i have n't regretted this purchase ever . it truly works under all conditions .
the new printhead worked ! really do n't know the answer to your question .
using the epson scan program , you can do this . this program is surprisingly good , at least compared to what i 'm used to ( i had a canon scanner previously ) . there is an option when you first start a scan telling it to ask for a prompt for more pages . you continue to add pages until you 're done , then click on save , and it saves to multi-page pdf . pretty easy , in my opinion .
yes . you can also use larger staples if you want it to staple larger jobs .
there is a little black nub above the clip . you rotate the yellow cap around and match the 'refill ' printing with the nub . then press the yellow cap down . it will now open the jaws wider and allow the refill and it 's metal sleeve out and a new refill in .
it can scan via the wireless connection . you have to open the hp solution center on your computer . then scan the document . i believe you can only connect and therefore save the scan to on computer . check out the online hp manual at http : h10032.www1.hp.com ctg manual c01669504.pdf
i have voicemail through my local phone company and i just dial *98 to get into it . or i can dial the telephone number for the voicemail service .
yes you can fit 11 x 8.5 documents into the box without folding them . the inside dimensions are 11 3 4 by 9 3 8. also , i have had none of the problems given by some reviewers who have found it difficult to open and to close the box . just takes a little pressure . box is heavy ! at least 50 pounds . recommended .
no . this would not last outside . the top is wood and the metal is not sturdy enough for out side .
i believe netstamps are stamps.com proprietary labels with serial numbers , making these labels incompatible with stamps.com . i use these with dymo with their free online service , so they work well !
johnthis , just the best writer i 've ever had , was leaky with the converter and i had to switch to cartridges . i found a converter at http : www.coloradopen.com product waterford-kilbarry-edge-fountain-pen graduation and may try with another so i can mix my ink again .
yes there is
it is not bluetooth and does not have an aux audio jack , so most likely not .
unfortunately , not a good system . would not recommend it .
i could n't get it to load in the cartridge ! so , hard to tell !
cordless handset has a port for a headset on the side of the cordless handset . ( headset does not come with the phone . ) ( no port on base . )
hi constantine , yes , i got it with the power supply.thanks , serge .
yes it does ... i have weprint set up from laptop and it prints wirelessly to my hp printer ... hope that helps .
the tip on this marker is 6mm .
yes .
no the cutters are fixed to cut down the middle and cut off the edges ... then to cut for the cards
i have installed 3 out of 6 and they all work perfectly . print quality are pretty good as well . the cartridges appear to be from coming from refilling used original hp cartridges and with a new chip on it .
yes
it only prints special black i 'd cards . no disks . you can check with printer company if your model has the ability to print on special inkjet disks . most require an adapter plate as special printer mode to print on a disk . with epson they provide the adapter with the printer at the time of purchase . you can check manufacturer specs on the model printer for the option of printing on disks . then do a search on amazon for the needed adapter . which will print one disk at a time using special software for creating a layout for a disk . most manufacturers provide that software on the driver disk that comes with the printer . it only prints special black i 'd cards . no disks . you can check with printer company if your model has the ability to print on special inkjet disks . most require an adapter plate as special printer mode to print on a disk . with epson they provide the adapter with the printer at the time of purchase . you can check manufacturer specs on the model printer for the option of printing on disks . then do a search on amazon for the needed adapter . which will print one disk at a time using special software for creating a layout for a disk . most manufacturers provide that software on the driver disk ... » read more it only prints special black i 'd cards . no disks . you can check with printer company if your model has the ability to print on special inkjet disks . most require an adapter plate as special printer mode to print on a disk . with epson they provide the adapter with the printer at the time of purchase . you can check manufacturer specs on the model printer for the option of printing on disks . then do a search on amazon for the needed adapter . which will print one disk at a time using special software for creating a layout for a disk . most manufacturers provide that software on the driver disk that comes with the printer . « show less
you have 16 '' of clearance on the bottom shelf so you should have plenty of room for a 14 '' tower . you have 6.75 '' of clearance on second shelf .
no
i do n't think so , at least not out of the box . it comes with two usb cables , but one is just to supply the power to the scanner
the are 192 pages in each book and each page has 22 rows that you can write on . the first page will say `` this journal belongs to : '' followed by a few lines to fill it in however you like .
this phone seem lighter than the standard phone
yes , this works with any asterisk based ip-pbx .
yes i 'm sure they will
yes , it is portable although not really designed to be so . i do geneology research on my family , and take my v330 with me almost everywhere , just in case i discover old documents or photos i need to copy ( the copying is manual , one sheet or print at a time - there is no sheet feeder ) . since the v330 did not come with a carrying case , i use a cardboard box with some padding to protect it . actually , a laptop case would be ideal for traveling with the scanner ( i just thought of that ! ) . the v330 does an excellent job of scanning documents , photographic prints , and photographic 35mm slides . in the past year i have scanned approximately 15,000 photographs and 35mm slides and it is still going strong . i highly recommend it . yes , it is portable although not really designed to be so . i do geneology research on my family , and take my v330 with me almost everywhere , just in case i discover old documents or photos i need to copy ( the copying is manual , one sheet or print at a time - there is no sheet feeder ) . since the v330 did not come with a carrying case , i use a cardboard box with some padding to protect it . actually , a laptop case would be ideal for traveling with the scanner ( i just thought of that ! ) . the v330 does an excellent job of scanning documents , photographic prints , and photographic 35mm slides . in ... » read more yes , it is portable although not really designed to be so . i do geneology research on my family , and take my v330 with me almost everywhere , just in case i discover old documents or photos i need to copy ( the copying is manual , one sheet or print at a time - there is no sheet feeder ) . since the v330 did not come with a carrying case , i use a cardboard box with some padding to protect it . actually , a laptop case would be ideal for traveling with the scanner ( i just thought of that ! ) . the v330 does an excellent job of scanning documents , photographic prints , and photographic 35mm slides . in the past year i have scanned approximately 15,000 photographs and 35mm slides and it is still going strong . i highly recommend it . « show less
yes . i am currently using it for my 17 '' macbook pro . i 've had the product since this summer and have n't had any problems . i like it a lot .
it can scan and save multiple pages but you have to feed each page individually
the manual has a phone number to contact . i remember calling and they guided me to a site that had the drivers .
yes , this has a very good range of motion . the key is to adjust the different tension points so it stays when you want , but can be easily shifted when you do n't . you can actually get the bottom of the monitor below the mounting surface if you mount the arm low enough on the vertical component . i use it with two 24 '' monitors on a desk table that raises and lowers , so i can use this sitting or standing and it meets all of my range needs . i am 6 ' , so that is a good range .
no , it is not . it requires windows os .
yes , the printer can be fed envelopes and papers from the back , rather than the paper tray .
yes all that would fit !
27.5 inches
i agree the picture is misleading , the picture looks like two types of purple but it is one purple a red and a pink . i do not see a red and a pink in the photo
the unit i received is well built . it is supporting a brother laser printer , after 6 months no problems . looks great on my desk . hope this helps , bob
they contact you once you place your order
place the documents face up in the tray on top , press the scan button on the printer , then go to windows fax and scan on your computer on that screen press new scan , then press scan , then on the window that pops up in the source box pick feeder and press scan .
i got the printer long time ago , i do not remember exactly , but i put the cd comes with the printer in the computer and i followed the steps , the steps will lead you , but i do not remember the steps exactly .
no , it is not high chair . the height of the back stops around shoulders . ca n't support the back of head .
yep
yes , enough space for a mouse and a coffee mug !
i bought one of these only , not sure how it worx with 4 !
yes , you can replace the existing handset cord with another one . when i tried it , i had to use a tiny screw driver to release the `` new '' cord as there is not a lot of space to get my finger to do it .
could be doa . try sliding the button for slide print in opposite direction . i had one that the power was bad .
6 inches and it 's fixed .
i recall a specification saying that the camera was 5 megapixels . rather low , i 'm not super happy with it .
i do n't think you will need a instruction manual if you can read japanese , lol ! just kidding there were some picture instructions on the box of the one i ordered . also , if you google `` stapless stapler '' you can find information .
yes . the arm will slide right off of the top .
yes it is , i 've also found that it was resourceful to buy the ink refill kit instead of recycling or replacing the cartridge itself ... it 's somewhat messy and for some reason the printer still reads replace the toner but that 's an issue that brother needs to address with the printer function , everything else works as it should .
not to my knowledge .
sorry , i do n't know
no it does not . but its a great printer !
seems like it would .
61
i would n't clamp directly to the desk since you want to clamp pretty tightly . put something between the clamp and glass ( cardboard , some rubber , etc ) to help spread the clamping force . once you have it clamped it should be fine though , of course , it is now balanced to the edge where the mounting arm is . if you do n't have the glass secured to the base then it could tilt . that 's less of an issue with this particular arm and more an issue with any weight close to the edge . my desktop tilted back a bit before i remembered to rescrew it to the base . : )
i just tried importing with doxie docs and pics scanned from other devices . it would not do this task . doxie gave me the error message that these items were not scanned by doxie . this is a great scanner but will not do what yu ask . i would contact doxie to see if there is a workaround .
no it does n't
unfortunately , it is not . isopropyl ( rubbing ) alcohol does remove it , though , if semi-permanent works for your needs .
no
no , it does n't . it does n't work in 1st class or on the exit rows either if the tray table comes out of the armrest .
the size is a good size . was happy with the size . however the wheel assembly wears out after a few months . they need to strengthen that
i just typed the following in the browser : imageclassmf3010 e manual
no
no , sauder does not make these 24 '' deep .
mine came with a hard copy manual which includes trouble shooting , but there is also a help icon on the printer itself with basically the same information .
go to kodak wbste they can help
i do n't use a logo . email them they are very responsive . good service .
no
it 's hard to believe , but i ordered them and they are the real thing - just without the cardboard boxes . each one is shrink wrapped though , so protected . it 's a great deal !
the heaviest book for which i use this stand is a 1400 plus page , about 5 pound , 11x8.5x2 inch text . i think it could hold more but i do n't own a larger book .
on your desktop you should have an icon for your workforce 645 printer . click on it to open it and under epson product support will be a check ink levels . just click on it .
yes , it will . i am using it with 8.1 and have n't had any problems . great printer .
2 black cartridges
i could n't and ended up trash canning the whole printer . kodak was very unhelpful
yes , everything you need and this is a great printer !
this sounds like a dumb question , but in fact it 's not . i looked at the box in which the product came , and the warranty is not stated . even on the brother website it is difficult to find , and only available after registering and downloading the 2-page `` warranty statement '' . message to brother usa : get real , do n't make users search the world for simple information.but here 's the answer to your question : `` one-year limited warranty and replacement service ( usa only ) '' . notwithstanding all this , i like the scanner .
no
you sure can . in the application 's scan settings , check the box called `` prompt for additional pages '' which allows you to scan multiple document pages and save as a single file .
yes , i only have a color laser and have never had an issue .
if you 're doing a wireless installation , you do n't need to do usb first ( i just did a clean install of mountain lion on my mac pro and thus have nothing additional installed ) .1 ) go to http : welcome.solutions.brother.com bsc public us us en dlf download_index.html ? reg=us &c; =us〈=en∏=hl3075cw_us_as &dl; id= &flang; =english &os; =115 &type2; =-1 and download the cups printer driver.2 ) open the file you downloaded ( it 's a .dmg which may or may not automatically open on your desktop depending upon which browser you 're using ) .3 ) install brothercldrivers.pkg ( just double-click it and go through the steps ) .4 ) go into system preferences and select print & scan.5 ) click the little `` + '' in the bottom left ( ish ) corner of the window to add a new printer . you ought to see your brother printer . select it.6 ) wait a couple seconds.7 ) go print ! cheers . if you 're doing a wireless installation , you do n't need to do usb first ( i just did a clean install of mountain lion on my mac pro and thus have nothing additional installed ) .1 ) go to http : welcome.solutions.brother.com bsc public us us en dlf download_index.html ? reg=us &c; =us〈=en∏=hl3075cw_us_as &dl; id= &flang; =english &os; =115 &type2; =-1 and download the cups printer driver.2 ) open the file you downloaded ( it 's a .dmg which may or may not automatically open on your desktop depending upon which browser you 're using ) .3 ) install brothercldrivers.pkg ... » read more if you 're doing a wireless installation , you do n't need to do usb first ( i just did a clean install of mountain lion on my mac pro and thus have nothing additional installed ) .1 ) go to http : welcome.solutions.brother.com bsc public us us en dlf download_index.html ? reg=us &c; =us〈=en∏=hl3075cw_us_as &dl; id= &flang; =english &os; =115 &type2; =-1 and download the cups printer driver.2 ) open the file you downloaded ( it 's a .dmg which may or may not automatically open on your desktop depending upon which browser you 're using ) .3 ) install brothercldrivers.pkg ( just double-click it and go through the steps ) .4 ) go into system preferences and select print & scan.5 ) click the little `` + '' in the bottom left ( ish ) corner of the window to add a new printer . you ought to see your brother printer . select it.6 ) wait a couple seconds.7 ) go print ! cheers . « show less
thank you for your inquiry . unfortunately , we can not fulfill your request as all of our cartridges are already pre-packaged .
no talking caller id , just written
yes , i have my hp office jet 5610 all in one on mine
yes , it is .
once you do the x and z reports and clear it , the information is gone . however , if you save your data on the sd memory card , you can go back to it on the computer .
if you have a continuous ink system you just put right in the ink reservoir . you can also put it into a cartridge but only in measure amount otherwise the cartridge may leak . you may also need to reset the chip on the cartridge or it will keep saying the ink levels are low despite plenty of ink in it .
i believe it comes with auto-voltage whoch senses if the incoming power is 110v or 240v . if you using in a country with 240v , you need to get an appropriate power cable , hp approved .
no . and that 's about the only thing i 'd change about it . i mistakenly thought i 'd add wheels to it , but there is n't a place to attach them .
it works with ; quarters , nickels , pennies , and dimes .
it is . we have a windows 7 pc windows 8.1 and a mac and they all use it as a network printer and the software is on all three
yes they are and they work remarkably well . you can use a few apps in the play store . i use nfc task launcher and tagwriter
yes , there 's an inside rim for folders that have hooks on either side .
it definitely will fit 36 standard pencils ; i 'd say in can fit around 45 max . great product , very durable !
by the way , check the youtube videos on how to wind back the cartridge counters to get an extra life out of your existing cartridges . do n't replace the old ones before they are empty .
100
there are 7 vertical lines per page .
i think it comes with a 90 days parts and labor ; 1 year parts only warranty . it 's unlikely you will ever get to the point of using it for light to medium duty shredding unless , of course , it 's doa .
yes
yes , the entire base ( including the wheel inserts ) is metal with the exception a black plastic ring that covers the join between the legs at the center ; however this is just for `` looks '' and is not load bearing . i am 6'2 '' , 273 lbs and have had no problem with this base whatsoever.cheers !
yes on the side of the handset
if i recall , there are 6 to 8 for each room . i had trouble figuring out how to make them stick so i used tape .
i do not think that would work . the space between the laptop platform and the bottom of the legs would be very tight . the clearance between the legs would not be adequate .
there is only one sheet to it , but it is the size of a poster , so perhaps she cut it into the size of six smaller sheets . hope that helps .
as far as i know ( as far as i ever found ) , that is the only supplier of it . the printer is so far out of date and production , that nothing new is ever going to be made for it , and they will , over time , be extinct . they are already obsolete .
i think so depending on the thickness of the carrier and pouch you can adjust the heat . in my case i used a thin newsprint ( blank ) since the pouches i ordered did not include one .
i do n't know the actual measurement but it 's a little bit wider than normal legal paper
the dock will take 8.5 x 11. no wider than 8.5 though . the dock requires a power source -- either via the usb cable connected to the computer or through the included usb -- > ac adapter . the latter is a more reliable source .
the max circumference is 18.85 , or it says 6 inches in diameter . the tightest you can really get it to without fear of breaking it ( as i can tell ) is 7.85 arc length or 2.5 '' diameter.for me its handy for the circles that are too big to reasonably have a circle template for .
yes . i use windows 8 on my new hp laptop . works great . i had an issue with the set-up . i had to contact canon for some technical help and they were great . walked me through the set-up over the phone . works fine . i like this printer .
yes it is . just do n't order from epson . amazon does it better .
no . this is the same product image you 'll find on the brother site for the lc1053pks . lc105m is the product id for the magenta cartridge included in the set . if you look closely at the picture , you 'll see that each cartridge has a different product id on it - lc105c for cyan , lc105y for yellow .
plain paper is fine . we use willcopy ultra - suitable for ink jet and laser printers .
it is approx . 18 1 4 '' wide by 12 3 4 '' high.the shelf is 1 1 2 '' off the bottom.very nice ... you 'd love it . the hole is for carrying ... no liquids .
i just purchased one myself . i have converted several hundred old ( 1974-1983 ) 35mm colored slides into digital images . i have had no problems . the one thing i noticed is the way the slide is put into the scanner . the slide can not always be put into the scanner in the same position it is put into the viewgraph projector . sometimes it must be turned 90 degrees or it will cut off some of the picture . once the slide is scanned it can then be rotated back by the computer slide viewer . do n't know if this is your problem .
i have purchased 6 of these for my office . one broke , and one had static , i replaced both and new worked fine . however , this is a cheap phone so i think the quality is not the best . if you have fax , answer machine or computer on same line , ask at radio shack about a filter.shannon
yes
the first ciss i purchased had a button on the cartridge , in the most recent i just turn off and on the printer .
i would focus more on the number of the ink cartridge . i have an hp printer that takes ink 564. hope that helps .
i 've tried just one adapters without success .
no it does not
all mine says is cli-251 , the is nothing about xl
that is what i use it for . the surface is n't smoothe , so you will need something under your paper for writing
hello , this printer do n't come with staples , but we can add it for additional $ 249.77.++++++++dell finisher with stapler for dell b3465dn b3465dnf laser printers++++++++thank you .
it uses 8.5 by 11
it does n't . everything was in japanese . but you can learn that , there are tutorials . the device is simple to use .
i would n't say it can print without a computer as it needs information to prints something and vice versa with scanning as the data needs a source . but it can make scan and print a copy . or scan and fax .
i believe the monday before the 1st of january
i received 2 holders , both have 4 slots : 1 for slides & 1 for standard 35mm negatives
yes
we bought it for our museums department and they bought an adapter that went with it to make slides and negative scanning work , but i do n't know if it was to make it easier or if it was required to make it work .
you have to write in all your own dates and months so it can be for any year . i was not pleased with it and would not purchase this one again . the week also starts on monday not sunday and some of the stuff was not even in english .
the size excludes the adhesive strip , the strip is about 1 2 inch wide you need to leave about 1 2 inch at top of bag so you can seal it tight if its a solid item i hope this helps . regards sue
depends on the size .
hi , we only sell the packs complete , we do not have separate pens , however if you contact me through our website , i will see what is possible to do to help you . regards andrew
the cylinder fits almost all chairs as the chairs are technically identical below the seat . except for the recline pivot plate has small differences in distance and back attachment .
the credit card size sleeves seem to hold up to being used however the one of the passport size sleeves has failed in a very short time . half of the material ( really thin foil ) lining has been scraped away and the seam has come undone . not only did they skimp on the foil lining they skimped on the glue or bonding agent as well . the large passport sleeve went into service around late march 2014 and gets used about once a week so it has n't lasted four months . the second large passport sleeve will be entering service tommorrow .
yes the same colors in this packyellow , magenta , cyan and two black
i wish i knew this was a 2013 i ordered . there was no year on the order and i thought no one would sell a 2013 at the end of that year ! now i can not return it because it has been 33 days , vs. 30. i did n't need to write an entry in my supposedly 2014 until today , october 26th .
yes .
yes it is
the outside of the frame measures 23-7 8 '' x 35-15 16 '' , so it is slightly smaller than 24 '' x 36 '' . the frame portion is 1 '' wide all around , so the usable cork portion is slightly less than 22 '' x 34 '' .
yes .
i am very happy with this printer . when they refer to subpar for photo and graphics , they are comparing it to ink jet quality especially for photos . for general use and office it is very acceptable . the average person will be quite satisfied.this is not meant for professional graphics use . i recommend you go to a retail store and check out some sample print outs . that 's the only way to know for sure . all i can say is that i am quite satisfied .
we had them in a fridge . a few were in ice but not for long and they looked fine . not sure long term .
your printer looks exactly my mine except i have a black one . looked up the printer it uses the canon 128 the same as i use . the regular ofc d cost is $ 90- $ 125 or $ 12- $ 90 on amazon . mine is one of those models the d560 i believe . mine is in my classroom . when ordering make sure each cartridge prints atleast 2100 copies each .
you would want to get the lxwxh measurements of each tablet before making that call . i would assume that since it is not a hard case that you would be able squeeze it in there .
yes
mine came with four , 3 color and 1 black
no
i will tell you what i know because i like this printer and the company brother . i am in the midst of a scanning project and have scanned stacks of documents to pdf and that works quite well . i tried to scan a number of documents to jpg files and did n't have much luck ( but i did n't spend a lot of time with it ) ... i do not know the maximum thickness but i would hesitate a reasonable guess that if the weight and type of paper was suitable you should be able to scan a stack of photos using the `` scan to ocr '' setting ( pdf ) ... but as i mentioned i do n't know your stock or flexibility of the photos ... hope that helps a little . i have found brother to be an excellent company to deal with and suspect that this question to them would be answered accurately i will tell you what i know because i like this printer and the company brother . i am in the midst of a scanning project and have scanned stacks of documents to pdf and that works quite well . i tried to scan a number of documents to jpg files and did n't have much luck ( but i did n't spend a lot of time with it ) ... i do not know the maximum thickness but i would hesitate a reasonable guess that if the weight and type of paper was suitable you should be able to scan a stack of photos using the `` scan to ocr '' setting ( pdf ) ... but as i mentioned i do n't know your stock or flexibility of ... » read more i will tell you what i know because i like this printer and the company brother . i am in the midst of a scanning project and have scanned stacks of documents to pdf and that works quite well . i tried to scan a number of documents to jpg files and did n't have much luck ( but i did n't spend a lot of time with it ) ... i do not know the maximum thickness but i would hesitate a reasonable guess that if the weight and type of paper was suitable you should be able to scan a stack of photos using the `` scan to ocr '' setting ( pdf ) ... but as i mentioned i do n't know your stock or flexibility of the photos ... hope that helps a little . i have found brother to be an excellent company to deal with and suspect that this question to them would be answered accurately « show less
yes
yes , it does have that capability , although i have n't used either one of them . i have always been in a hurry when i used it and just transferred the files via the sd card .
i recently purchased the same printer and because it came with the `` starter '' toner purchased that genuine toner here on amazon . it works just fine . btw , amazon was cheaper than staples .
short answer : picture quality is very good . longer answer : the xp-810 replaced an epson stylus photoprinter ; so print quality was important to me . before i purchased the 810 i spent considerable time looking at reviews . those that specifically mentioned print quality liked the quality . some reviews were more interested in the feature list . i have printed 4x6s and dvds using the disc print capability . these look very good to me . i do n't do much 8x10 as it is expensive ( ink costs ) and i really target creating high definition slide shows to play on blu ray players . i was concerned about the fact that the 810 did n't have 'light cyan ' or 'light magenta ' like my epson stylus did . but i have n't seen any degradation in color quality by their absence . i did like the 810 's addition of photo black . so there is one black cartridge for printing regular documents and another for printing photos . so you have better blacks for photos and good blacks for regular printing . this also holds costs down . short answer : picture quality is very good . longer answer : the xp-810 replaced an epson stylus photoprinter ; so print quality was important to me . before i purchased the 810 i spent considerable time looking at reviews . those that specifically mentioned print quality liked the quality . some reviews were more interested in the feature list . i have printed 4x6s and dvds using the disc print capability . these look very good to me . i do n't do much 8x10 as it is expensive ( ink costs ) and i really target creating high definition slide shows to play on blu ray players . i was concerned about the ... » read more short answer : picture quality is very good . longer answer : the xp-810 replaced an epson stylus photoprinter ; so print quality was important to me . before i purchased the 810 i spent considerable time looking at reviews . those that specifically mentioned print quality liked the quality . some reviews were more interested in the feature list . i have printed 4x6s and dvds using the disc print capability . these look very good to me . i do n't do much 8x10 as it is expensive ( ink costs ) and i really target creating high definition slide shows to play on blu ray players . i was concerned about the fact that the 810 did n't have 'light cyan ' or 'light magenta ' like my epson stylus did . but i have n't seen any degradation in color quality by their absence . i did like the 810 's addition of photo black . so there is one black cartridge for printing regular documents and another for printing photos . so you have better blacks for photos and good blacks for regular printing . this also holds costs down . « show less
yes it is , buy you also have to puchase the printer , and the special ethernet cable for it to work .
no
hello , peter . in specific response to your specific question , i 've just done an in the field test w my identical shredder , obtained in march , on an empty 8.5x11 file folder ( yellow in color if that means anything , and i think it does not ) , and timed it at 7 seconds , i 'd say plus or minus 1. now , if you 're really grinding it , actually attempting 17 sheets or something , it is , of course , gon na slow down a tad . how long a tad is , i 'm not sure . overall , as a one person law office , i 'm quite happy with the item . make sure you do n't bust the can into which the shards fall , though . seems the item would n't work w o an exact fit , and that 's the can . just think when handling same out to the trash . do n't drop it . as it 's unsteady , watch where you set it . but overall , it 's a great product . i 'd do it again , w o question . hello , peter . in specific response to your specific question , i 've just done an in the field test w my identical shredder , obtained in march , on an empty 8.5x11 file folder ( yellow in color if that means anything , and i think it does not ) , and timed it at 7 seconds , i 'd say plus or minus 1. now , if you 're really grinding it , actually attempting 17 sheets or something , it is , of course , gon na slow down a tad . how long a tad is , i 'm not sure . overall , as a one person law office , i 'm quite happy with the item . make sure you do n't bust the can into which the shards fall , though ... . » read more hello , peter . in specific response to your specific question , i 've just done an in the field test w my identical shredder , obtained in march , on an empty 8.5x11 file folder ( yellow in color if that means anything , and i think it does not ) , and timed it at 7 seconds , i 'd say plus or minus 1. now , if you 're really grinding it , actually attempting 17 sheets or something , it is , of course , gon na slow down a tad . how long a tad is , i 'm not sure . overall , as a one person law office , i 'm quite happy with the item . make sure you do n't bust the can into which the shards fall , though . seems the item would n't work w o an exact fit , and that 's the can . just think when handling same out to the trash . do n't drop it . as it 's unsteady , watch where you set it . but overall , it 's a great product . i 'd do it again , w o question . « show less
yes , your typical usb cable -- flat connector at one end , small rounded square at the other .
yes . fujitsu scansnap sv600 overhead scanner comes with the following items in the box : ac cable , ac adapter , usb cable , background pad , software installation dvd , limited 1-year warranty
yes
i have tried other inks but was not happy with them , ended up with a mess . this is one case where the recommended ink is best in my opinion .
the new hcfa forms are for the governments transition into the new icd-10 coding system that has been pushed out until 10 01 2015. it is my understanding that the old 08 05 is still to be used until then . the proper way is to type out form and mail in if you are not doing a edi transfer . my medical company has submitted to bc bs-anthem recently with old form as described and it was accepted . hope this helps . justin m.operations manager
it 's a little bit larger than the way you would typically sign but the signature fits inside the endorsement box without any problems . i use it quite often for that purpose .
i do n't know . as i am not at my cottage . send this to me on monday and i can tell you . they were easy to set up and seem fine .
not always . i have a macbook pro and one of the main reasons i got this printer is to use the full duplex scanning feature since i keep most of my documents in electronic format . i used to use the pdfscanner app with an epson printer . i love the pdfscanner app . it does not seem to work with this printer . i then started using the included hp software to use the scanner . i works for me about 40 % of the time . basically , i have to power cycle the printer a few times . then if that does n't work , i power cycle my laptop and eventually the hp software might be able to connect so that i can scan something ! i 've had no issue printing . i 've had lots of issues scanning . i 'm planning to return this printer for this very reason . not always . i have a macbook pro and one of the main reasons i got this printer is to use the full duplex scanning feature since i keep most of my documents in electronic format . i used to use the pdfscanner app with an epson printer . i love the pdfscanner app . it does not seem to work with this printer . i then started using the included hp software to use the scanner . i works for me about 40 % of the time . basically , i have to power cycle the printer a few times . then if that does n't work , i power cycle my laptop and eventually the hp software might be able to connect so that i can scan ... » read more not always . i have a macbook pro and one of the main reasons i got this printer is to use the full duplex scanning feature since i keep most of my documents in electronic format . i used to use the pdfscanner app with an epson printer . i love the pdfscanner app . it does not seem to work with this printer . i then started using the included hp software to use the scanner . i works for me about 40 % of the time . basically , i have to power cycle the printer a few times . then if that does n't work , i power cycle my laptop and eventually the hp software might be able to connect so that i can scan something ! i 've had no issue printing . i 've had lots of issues scanning . i 'm planning to return this printer for this very reason . « show less
dimensions and weight19.7 x 18.5 x 15.7 in with duplexer and second 250-sheet paper trayinstalled , output tray folded up ; max : 19.7 x 25.5 x 15.7 in with duplexerand second 250-sheet paper tray installed , output tray folded upweight 26.24 lb with duplexer 28.62 lb with duplexer 35.01 lb with duplexer and second 250-sheet paper tray
